1	    Coming soon to a neighborhood near you...    MoveOn.org Bake Sales!   
1	yay its my birthday! ok i just love holidays, but especially birthdays. its only noon, but i have had the best birthday ever so far!! tyler got me a puppy!!! a sheltie...just like my rajah. he's black and white with a little brown on him. he is SO cute. i have never gotten a puppy as a present, so this is very exciting. and he made me breakfast and hes taking me to the zoo later. i am excited...being away from home on my birthday isnt soooo bad :) we named him Baxter...thats cute..tyler wanted maestro. ok no. anyway thats how my days been...columbus is ok i think..if i could just find a job. i have a second interview today, but i dont really know what the position is..if its commission i dont want it, i have to be the money bags!! ok i'll write later..but YAY its my birthday!!!! :) :) :)
0	I feel bad for her and I really want to help and the situation makes me cry my eyes out. I love her (still) and that's why I care so much (much being an understatement)   ps. the sound of animals fighting comes out on the 14th.... yay!!
0	I finally am off Shit! but it doesnt mean that Im not going through withdrawls, cause I am, and Im in alot of pain, so much, that its reminding me every second of how im never gonna do drugs again, or at least until I get somethings straight. I dont believe that pain this intense should be given to anyone. Ill be ok, tomorrow is another day, probably alot brighter and forgiving. well im feeling like a real pile of shit, so im gonna go back to bed, Ill let you know how im doing as teh week goes by
0	I got the first season of The Shield on DVD!! I watched the entire season this weekend, and now I'm aching for the next two seasons, not to mention that the new season starts in March, if only I can convince my mom to let me watch it since the cable no longer works on the TV in my room. Why is it that my mom won't let me watch two of my favorite shows? The Shield she won't let me watch because she walked in at the wrong part and my sisters did nothing to stop her from seeing it or fast forward or anything. :P Sisters suck.   Okay, that's all for now.
0	Today was a sad day indeed. Today i lost one animal that i dint appreciate until she was gone. Today i had to put my albino, dwarf hampster named Snowflake to sleep.  she had a large tumor on her back right leg.  we took her to the vet on plano and took her it. 5 minutes and 10$ later we left knowing Snowflake had an easy ending, instead of wrapping her in tape and putting her on a golf tea like i planned.a  Oh how i miss her.  Goodbye dear Snowflake...I will miss you...  R.I.P. Snowflake the dwarf hampster. ?- 3/24-05
1	Well well well so this saturday is Christmas and i cant wait!!! I think December has gone by real fast. Im taking time off from school. Nicole is leaving soon for texas so we had her christmas tonight. She got me this like smore making thing and it is so cool. It has 4 marshmello forks, the little thing that you roast the marshmello and things on the side to put the little cracker things and the marshmellows and the chocklate. I cant wait to have some smores.                                          ~Anyways~ My uncle Mark and his running partner came here and the one chick stayed in my room and i got kicked out and had to sleep at Patricas. And now i got my room back!!! yaa! well thats all.   P.S. I dont know how to spell the word marshmello.
1	I am once again without wires. A big shout goes out to my mother, who happened to have some industrial strength glue handy. So she was able to glue the broken off part of the antenna back to the AP. And frankly, I think it's now more stable then before. And now it's sitting somewhere, where there are  no  cables dankgling around I could trip over...
0	I'm just rubber *sniffles*  I don't even get used anymore.
0	Sometimes I have to wonder if I like who I am.  Were I to look at someone who manages themselves he same way I do I'd probably think they were naive.     He told me so many things that I took to heart. He only had the balls to do so while drunk. I was completely happy with our friendship. We kissed. I don't know anymore.  And then no mention. No words to say.   Even a string of truth or concern under a normal mental condition would be lovely.  I don't even know what I should be doing.  I might as well just rip off my nuts.   No, I know that lacked beauty and eloquence, but it certainly gained a certain attention and power that remains vacant from whatever I should be thinking about.     I'm not that type.   Happened regardless.
0	 Yesterday was quite a hell.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think I failed the final interview.&nbsp; Now I'll have to look for another company.&nbsp; But that's okay...&nbsp; I still have my hopes on high.&nbsp; I'm so messed up...&nbsp; I didn't go to work for 2 days now because I don't feel like it.&nbsp; I don't want to see some people.&nbsp; I wanna go to a place where no one knows me.&nbsp; My mum's been texting me and I haven't replied even a single message.&nbsp;     My optism in life nearly fades.&nbsp; And I began to think of all the failures that I went through.&nbsp; I walked alone&nbsp;with all the craziness and noise of the city hovered around me.&nbsp; I didn't care.&nbsp; I felt so cold and empty.&nbsp; 
1	Heh, for some it was the shot heard round the world...  but for me... it was a SQUEEEEEE.  Now I'm planning a trip to Hartford...and very much looking forward to it!
0	But when have you known me to not be able to say anything. Yesterday was fun I guess...I met G and Jabba (dont remember their real names...that is their gaming names) oh yeah. I started gaming again yesterday. It was a trip. I've never met the other two in my party (the DM's friends) but we had some great laughs. It was a lot better than the last party I gamed with (same DM....but the other miscreots are not there.) It was more relaxed and the other players are more on my levl as far as knowledge of the game.  Yay. There I was enthusiastic about something. I work today. Hey at leaset I can't sit and think about my problems...work will be a better use of my time cause my problems, actually problem, just isn't going to get any better any time soon.   Sometimes I think it would be better to just walk away completely...but then you never know....why should I have to give up something I care about, just because something else comes along...fuck it, fuck it all.  I give up.
1	 Hooray!!!   Finally my Laptop it here. I'm sooooooo happy. I shall declare it my new baby.(next to Keropi and Mark of course, and keropi is not a doll btw)  I'm so happy
1	Jay and I just booked our trip, 1 week in Cancun Mexico leaving Feb 25th.  I can't wait.
1	I see that voting has opened for the Down Under Fan Fund (DUFF). The cost is $6 to Australians.  The information is available at:  http://www.duff2005.blogspot.com/   I'm a big fan of fanfunds.  I love the idea of lots of people contributing a tiny bit of money so that someone can travel and go to a con.  Anyway, I'll be sending my vote in, though there doesn't appear to be an Australian address. Can it be right that we must send our votes to New Zealand?  Can they cash Australian cheques?  Does anyone know?  Also, the National Australian Fan Fund is taking votes (cost $5 for a vote).  Full details at:   http://www.postpressed.com.au/naff/    You can hand votes in to me at Swancon (or elsewhere) if you like.  I was lucky enough to win NAFF a while back and I am helping out in this way.  If I get my act together, I really should do some fundraising for NAFF too.... Hmmm....
0	 Something is wrong, and she's not telling me what it is.  And it hurts. I have no idea what it is, and she's not saying a word. 
1	 "The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how much I play, I'll never be as good as a wall. I played a wall once. They're freakin' relentless." 
0	Oscar:  Can we send each other emails? Me:  .... why? Oscar:  To talk to each other Me:  WHY??? Osacr:  Because I like to hear the "You've Got Mail" sound.  posted for       agent179   
1	Last night was a great night. I Met up with Jessica for a little shopping and Dinner @ Carraba's. She's such a pimp! (yea you know why) It was really good to hang out with her again, I hadn't seen her in a while. It was really good to get out durring the week to. We ended it with a visit to the Hoov @ Waffle House and that my friends is why my night was great.
1	Happy Valentine's Day to everyone! *hugs everyone in alfabetical order to be sure no-one's left out*
1	o man o man o man!!!  dave matthews band...   tweeter center...  june 18!!!    who wants to go? lemme know i am DYING to see him in concert again! i wuv him : )
1	Alright, so I only have two interviews to go. Las Vegas was very fun, but the program is only so so. I am getting excited for christmas. I have to go to the St. James Tea room today to finish up my mom and Anita. I got letters from Baylor and Texas Tech saying that they want me, which was very nice. Ooooh, my Carrot Top story. Mom and I went to see his live show at the MGM Grand, go ahead and judge me but it RULED!!! It was one of the best comedy shows I have ever seen. We were in the front row, which was great. At the end of the show, he looked right at me, pointed, winked, and said something that I couldn't make out because his mike was off, but it was very flirtatious, very exciting. I am getting my teeth cleaned today, which should be good.
1	Just got back from Laurens house after the party for Sarah. Great fun even if i do say so myself. I think even Jamie had a good time, then again with him who knows. I made peace with Laurens dog by throwing the bloody chew time so many times my arm got cramp. I burst my balloon on the way home so I was slightly upset about that but all in all it was a great time.  Pin the tail on Dark Lord Dean was hilarilous especially when the wall was more decorated than the picture Love Katy
0	               Whos ur LJ lover        LJ Username          happy word (3 letters long)         age          will it last?     (8)  -  Better not tell you.   - (8)     will they love you forever? -  5%                                                                             who are they      sw1tch               This   QuickKwiz   by   i luv tom   - Taken 4750 Times.          Get  Free Daily Horoscopes  from Kwiz.Biz       *blushes and sighs*  I miss the girl. Poor darlings, everybody's all f**ked up these days, and not the good way either. I've even got Maritas under suicide watch, the way she's been acting lately... Somebody needs to keep an eye on her. Not to mention Neo, but  I'm still pissed off with him for dumping Trinity he's out of my reach. That boy isn't letting anybody in. Trin was so good for him, they were such a lovely couple. *hates her ex-employer for wrecking lives*     
1	Well I am on vaction.....at my aunts in tennesse. Its so much fun here.lol. My dad is sick. He ate something bad.lol. Today we are going to the practice race(something like that). It already started but we havent left yet. Might not go cuz my dad is sick.lol. Well I have to go. Bye. LOve yas.
0	I never knew that some of my friends were as Hypocritical as i have found them out to be today.  After all the crap people say about them behind there backs, and all the rumors that other people have spread about them, and even though they might have not cared that people did that to them, it bothers me greatly that people who i use to look up to at great friends, could turn around and do something that has been done to them all of their lives to someone else.
0	well, you know me, when the readership is down, or at least the comments., obviously, so are the posts.  still no word back from AAA, so i'm starting to think that may be a dry hole.  which is too bad.  i'd much rather be closer to sacramento than modesto.  i really feel like just leaving and travelling for a while again.  stupid ass gypsy blood.  i guess i was hoping to hear back from AAA that i had a job, and enough in advance so i could have a couple weeks between jobs to take a trip or something.  well, piss off, it WOULD be nice.  i guess we're bidding for schedules now at work.  why can't i just keep the damned schedule i have now?  i have a feeling that since i always badmouth scheduling in the little surveys they give us to do, that my new shift ain't gonna be too grand.
1	When there's nothing going on in the world, it's amazing what one little comment will do to brighten your day:    Tanny says:     haha..just wanted to say hi      See, that's all it takes to make me smile these days.  Those have been few and far between in recent times.  I'm not entirely sure I'll make it to the end of the school year the way I'm going.
1	Today I went to the place where my new home is gonna be built. It's basically in Canyon Country if you're wondering. I'm looking forward to getting out of the valley which I've called home for all these years of pain and anguish. jk. But I'm definitely throwing a party after I move in. I'm gonna miss seeing all the valley heads everyday.
0	I would much appreciate your prayers for a very dear family of mine, the Tabers.  Yesterday, they were out on a family trip, and their eldest daughter had a seizure of some sort and she died.  I don't know any more details, I just found out from my mother that this had happened, but I know the family will need loving thoughts and prayers sent their way.  She was only 13, and had her whole life ahead of her.  Her mother was talking about getting her voice lessons because she loved to sing, and now, she's in heaven singing with the angels.
1	         The Lady    You scored 15% Cardinal, 48% Monk, 61% Lady,  and 45% Knight!         Chaste and pure, you are a good person. You try to help others and do your duty to your family. However, this duty involves you being sold off to a local noble house in order to cement relations between your families. But you know it's for a greater good, and besides you will retain all the comforts and glamour of your position regardless of if you're your father's or you husband's property.                              My test tracked 4 variables How you compared to other people  your age and gender :                   You scored higher than  12%  on  Cardinal                   You scored higher than  53%  on  Monk                   You scored higher than  86%  on  Lady                   You scored higher than  72%  on  Knight                  Link:  The Who Would You Be in 1400 AD Test  written by  KnightlyKnave  on  Ok Cupid    
1	yay! i finally got my autographed jerry cd last night... i'm so happy! i was able to get the day version... that's the version i really like... kasi ok pics there parang ang sarap magswimming =) hahaha! saka siyempre mas kita yung signature ni jerry. i'm so happy kasi draw lots to determine if you're gonna get the day or night version... natawa nga si sis kleng sa reaction ko kasi medyo tumatalon ako when i read na "Day" yung nakasulat dun sa piece of paper... babaw ko talaga!
1	I'm on holiday. I have sung and danced and generally celebrated.  I have cycled to a garden centre and bought myself 3 ferns which are very lovely, and tomorrow I will plant them.
1	Well, I'm off to Seattle. See you all after the con!
1	    &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    kimiko is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        in agoura... having fun... big bear sunday if we can find tire chains for the snow. im excited as fuck!!!
1	i have no more high school classes. yeeeeessss. time to scream like a banchee! (haha) i'm watching School Ties downstairs, it's a really good movie but it reminded me to post something about this amazing mile stone, but i'm going to go finish it now.
1	there are certain people in this world i cant live without
0	oh, and i posted  this  to sum up how i feel about my proepects in the job market...  soup for dinner again.  I think I'll add a little ramen to the leftover soup *chuckles* should be tasty... I cook well on limited resources  even when i have lost my mind and given up
1	    This was taken yesterday out at Peoria Sports Complex...Dave is a really sweet man and has such a radiant smile. I was happy he took the time to sign for us fans and pose for pictures with any of us who wanted one :)  x-posted
1	Friday I finally got my nipples pierced.  I'm really happy with them, so far they've been relatively trouble free.  Just the odd ouchie when I accidentally bump one now and again.  I had been told that they'd ache for a bit but it's more like a constant itch that's not altogether unpleasant :-)  As for the piercing itself, well that was an experience!  The pain of the puncture was about what I expected, if you can truly expect that sort of thing, but what took me unawares was the endorphin rush.  We're talking light headed la la the world is so nice kind of rush.  I don't know if it's enough to make me want to do more piercing but it sure was a nice compensation.  So now comes along the after care.  I usually shower twice a day 'cause of cycling; on non-cycling days I generally don't.  Got in last night at an ungodly hour and did 'cause I want to look after these babies.
0	thank you to everyone for remembering my birthday.  i wish that i could link everyone, but i would surely forget one or two people, and i hate to leave anyone out.  you know who you are.  i'm not sure i can say anything that hasn't already been said.  i almost didn't make it.  but i  have   great   friends .  without you, i wouldn't have been able to stand up there for the last time.  knowing that it was the last time made it almost unbearable, but i was able to go home to the comfort and consolation of someone else that knew exactly how i was feeling.  the nights were made easier.  i'm due to head to california soon for filming, and i'm grateful to know that there'll be at least  one person  coming with me.
1	I braved the frigid temperatures and went to the doctors today, and alas - no more ankle problems! Apparently it might hurt when it rains, but I get to live without the bandages again. Although, I was kind of getting used to them. They're actually sort of cool - I looked like a ballet dancer.  I'm off to Jamaica for a few days as of Saturday - flying down for Kate's birthday. I'm following her and Cole, who will be enjoying that beautiful weather pretty damn soon. I think I'm getting a touch of the flu, but hopefully I'll be over it by then. Now who wants to go bathing suit shopping in New York with me tomorrow? There's nothing like trying to find something overly cute to wear when it's out of season.
0	It's rained for two straight days.  I haven't seen the sun in ages.  It's still 40-50 degrees outside.  It looks like we'll have to have the Easter egg hunt in the basement - that's never happened before :(  I did get most of my work done and went shopping.  Got about 3/4 of what I need and spent *gulps* $250.00 and I still need to get more perishable stuff on Saturday...I figure it's once a year and I never host parties so why not go all out.  We went to this quaint little butcher shop that was by the house I grew up in.  I haven't been back there since my parents moved out of it about 3 years ago.  I got a 22 pound bone-in ham for Sunday and the butcher even pulls the bone out then sticks it back in for you so you can bake it with it in and then pull it out to slice it - I love little town specialties like that!  To feel more like Easter I'm posting some cute Easter photos:                 And, I'm missing my friend today :(
1	Alright i figure i throw you guys an update after this past weekend and beginning of this weeks events...  Friday: -Chilled with the homies at the game -Got scared at the Dam by a guy named "Candyman" and had alexa pick us up at dolphin...we made a signal fire  Saturday: -Played golf with the homies -Went to T. Bell for pre-game meal  -Got ready, then to shari's -Sharis= hella tite -Back to my house to get my ticket since i forgot it -Dance was really tite...i think, music sucked but i had fun with my date =) -Jessica's till about 2ish with the gangsta's  Sunday: -church -Hw -Caitlin's house to watch scary movies with the homies again  Skip monday, that was school  Monday Night: -Chilled with brady all after school -Met everyone at Red Robin for my B-Day dinner -Everyone, minus shari, hit up dolphin for some great times -Set off fireworks -Had an amazing night with people that i love  *thanks everyon*  Tuesday: -My birthday, enough said.
1	YEA!! after work I am picking up Danielle and we are heading up North! It's supposed to be a great weekend too! in the 70's yea baby! hehe I am buying a new guitar next weekend, which I am very excited about! I can play my music in the stone church next to my mom's Inn! It's so beautiful in the church, it's all gothic tiling and was actually made for music to be played in.  At the Inn we have a full bar, a cook, 50 rooms, and of course the spooky bell tower! The whole place is haunted.  Last time when me and Danielle stayed there we heard all sorts of crazy shit at night!       Also my brother Mark and his wife Shara are coming to visit my mom on Saturday so I get to hang out with them as well! Yea! I talked to him last night and he's like "Get ready to get wasted this weekend!" hehehe I love my family, they Rock!
1	I realized this evening that I love my mother--truly, deeply, and unconditionally. It's one of those loves that seeps into the cracks and fissures of your daily existence, which you never notice until you look closely. She's amazing. She's perfect. I hope I can be like her. But, owning Disney, of course.  How is it that children ignore the constant love and the unending adoration? Who can ignore a person who lives only for your happiness? Parenthood is the  great  love story. I finally get it.  Also, I apologize to everyone who went unanswered on AIM today--I accidentally left it on. Jaya, Lauren, Cail--my bad :( Much love.
1	So, I am so excited I can't sleep - I'm flying out tomorrow for the vacation of my dreams...Hawaii - I've never been and never thought I'd get a chance to go...My friends live ther now and so we get to do things that would normally cost massive bucks for non-residents...Yeah!!!!!  My mom is nervous i think - numerous times she has mentioned about moving around and not sitting still - several people have evidently died while going on vacations from blood clots in their legs. Scary!!!!
1	Rani looks after me, and also just brought me nuts and cheese. Yum. :)
0	 Made some Naruto icons ^_______^       Itachi [1]    Kakashi [1]    Neji [1]    Sakura [1]    Sasuke [1]    Shino [1]      Bases:      &nbsp;       In all   
1	I made an appointment for the 18th after work to get my hair dyed at Ricky's! I'm super excited.. and I just hope I don't get disappointed.
1	( icon ) Hey - Just thought I'd post and let y'all know that I made an animated .gif of  the make trade fair OXFAM pictures .  Feel free to take it, and feel free to give me credit, too. :)
1	Evan just got hired as a Physical Therapy Aide at Providence!  Everybody say yay uncle Evan!  I'm actually really excited about this job.  I'll be taking people back to the exam rooms, signing them in, and performing basic procedures such as ultrasounds and electrical stimulation.  I'm looking forward to having a job where I'm up and about actually dealing with people and making a difference in their lives rather than sitting in some dark lab all day.  In other news....  So since it's been a while I thought I'd make an update on that little game we were playing (since you probably have no idea what I'm talking about please refer to my second entry, May 10th 2004 at 1:28 pm.)    Ok, so far we have had a total of a big whoppin' ZERO entries.  I think the closest so far is when Joscelyn said "That other person's icon is HOMESTAR RUNNER" when she was really talking about Jimmy's strong bad icon.   Sad.  Too bad, you guys are missin' out on a really awesome prize....
0	  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;I       &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; HEART       &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ELLIOTT       &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;SMITH            &nbsp;1969 xo 2003       &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; October 21st       yes, I will miss u like i say&nbsp;i do       It's been one year, but we will never forget , We all love you  
1	Jesus, some people need to know their tolorance. I guess I shouldn't complain because I didn't have to clean up the small swamp of vomit in the bathroom. I had a good time regardless on monday, but I will tell you baccardi 151 is a fucking madman. I was able to make my famous (almost infamous) flaming marley shots. The only problem is they do taste good so its hard to not have a bunch. Nothing else exiting to report, I had a pretty uneventfull week though tonight might end it with a exclamation point, you never know.
1	All packed up (finally) - now just have to figure out how to get everyone's crap into my Saturn..        fantasm    or bust!!  -Mystrys
0	14 beers and a micky of vodka last night, ugh, good job iain, time to go to your guitar lessons feeling like shit. stupidest thing ever, last night in my state of complete drunkness i found an old package of cigarettes in my basement and went out into my backyard for a smoke, if the surgeon who saved my life five months ago had seen that he'd have killed me. :(  **NOTE - first thing i did this morning after i woke up was take the package of cigarettes and crush.
0	Well, Cordelia has gone off to Florida with her mom, leaving me alone and sad.  Sandy has gone to the Mayo Clinic and this trip is supposed to be Cordelia's birthday present.  *gag, hack, barf*  Anyway, I did my best to lie and tell Sandy I was perfectly happy about it.  C returns on the 19th.  So Cordelia will have to wait until then to eat her pears.  Mom sent us a rather nice gift from Harry and David which included them.  It literally arrived while I was delivering her to the airport.   One cool thing though.  Bush was in Raleigh for a town meeting and we got to see Air Force One taking off when we were pulling up to the terminal.  Hey, even if you don't like the man, you can still appreciate the plane.
1	 hey everyone...by that i mean kyle and ashley and the few other people who may look at this tehe.... life is good....i'm babysitting my 5 year old&nbsp;niece naomi and she has something she wants to say..................     Aunt Ashley: I am&nbsp;excited that i get to come over and spend the night with you! I love you!      Uncle Kyle: I&nbsp; want to come to your pool. I love you!      Other Aunt Ashley: I miss you! I want to see you again! I love you!     Ok well i helped her somewhat but everything that she said was what she wanted to say! gotta go to my granny's birthday (God help me!)    &lt;3 
1	When       reveilles    and I returned from visiting relatives in Georgia, Virginia, and New Jersey, I came back with good memories and a bad cold.  By the end of last weekend, I was feeling fine, except for nausea/stomach aches in the morning.  Today was the first day I felt well enough to go to the gym, making this my first workout since December 23.  It felt good to be back at the gym, but I know I am going to be in pain tomorrow as a result of today's workout.  Still, as Martha Stewart would say, "It's a Good Thing."
1	As expected, my grandmother's party was great fun. It was in the Oranjerie in Roermond, the same place as 2 years ago. It was pretty crowded, almost everybody was there, except for one of my aunts and one of my cousins. But they almost never come to these kind of occasions, so that wasn't a real surprise. So, there were 34 people there, who were all having a great time. :D I talked a lot to my cousins (Sacha had a lot of new boy stories, of course), and because none of us is actually completely grown up, lol, we did some games as well. My youngest cousins joined us as well. They're so cute! I'm not going to tell everything now (there still has to be some stuff to write about in my letters, right? ;)), but, as I already sais, it was great. Oh, and my grandmothers knee is close to full recovery now.  And if that isn't enough, it's Saskia's birthday today. And in 3 weeks, Florien will have her party too. There's always a lot of celibrating to do in February/March.
0	In loving memory...     April 1, 1992 - August 3, 2004
1	it went well. not too much happened. i was in a bit of a haze most of the day. took our son to stay with wynter’s sister’s house for a while, went and picked him up later, and then i put him to bed. well, that really covered the day. it’s been quiet. but given it was a family type of day i’m not surprised. well there is always monday. something might happen then, doubt it though.
1	Well today was cool. I went to my cousin AJ's welcome home party. (he's in the army and got leave from iraq for two weeks) I got to chill with him and he'll gonna sleep over monday night and we're gonna hang out all tuesday. I got paid 1$ from my cousin Charlie to pour him a shot so and then found $5 at wawa later tonight. Mike asked me to buy him Advil with it so i did but i also go candy and a drink, Good Times. I was on the phone with Manda for about an hour and a half, but it seems soo short. Time flies when i'm with her. Tomorrow we're hanging out and gonna find some black hair dye and god knows what else we'll end up doing. Right now i'm talking to grahm about how his life sucks.... Gonna go to bed soonisher.   Yeah its over, you can bet in mid-october i will still be ranting bout' most early may. Yeah he's a winner, he's a god damn sinner...  good song!
0	"I love you, i hate you, i can't live without you..."  I need to go to the cemetery.
0	That's so typical, I pass that darn exam, and have been calling to make appointments for interviews all morning. Turns out all vacancies are already taken, so far. I rang the ones that are the easiest to reach for me, since I have to depend on public transport to reach my destination. Bleh.
1	Got my Make Poverty History band in the post today.  Also got given a 1999 silver Peugeot 306 from my parents, Happy 21st to me - though I can't drive it for a week because it needs stuff done to the exhaust. And also the way the dashboard is I may have to fork out for a new CD player because I'm not sure the old one's gonna fit.  But hey - a REAL car with a 5th gear, 5 doors, electric windows and mirrors, sunroof and power steering.  Though I still don't understand why they couldn't have just TOLD me.
1	I'm back from California. It ruled. The end.  p.s. it was -7 celsius in seoul, fuck that.
1	Happy New Year to anyone I have not said that to already!  I do not have any New Year resolutions to tell anyone about because I have been very happy with my life and lifestyle as it stands. I think this is the second year (in a row) that I can say this with hand on heart.  The next two days will be a little excitable/stressful for me as I am in an art dealers auction bidding on a fantastic 3ft x 3ft modern painting that I would like for my wall. Usually, if you buy through a gallery they have a huge commission that artificially bumps up the price of any canvas by as much as 90%. This is why us artistic types are often poor (sniff).  The trouble is, it is an exclusive piece, and others have started bidding too. What would have been a nice affordable item is rapidly creeping up in price and I now have to consider carefully how much I want to pay. Perhaps that should be how much I CAN afford to pay?
1	Can't really think of too much to write really..im exhausted from being awake so long..lol..but, tonight was pretty fun. Hung out with Wally and Jon for a bit, played some magic and blasted a ton of people with BB guns...and the Jham has a huge welt on his rolls now from a point blank g00kz3rk3r gunshot! haha..Alfred is hilarious..even if he is a jew with his cards...lol.   And in other news, I have an official g/f now! Yay!..hehe. Jessica is really awesome..shes so sweet there should be a law against it or something..lol:P And this time I didn't stay up all night...heh...just hope I can actually get up in time for the interview...in like 4 and a half hours...:-/
1	So I have a new pic, and a new lay out.  The eye thing is kinda freaky lookin, i know but its something different.  That is my eyeball, haha.  Today was so tiring.  I'm going to go do homework and go to sleep.  I feel as thought I have a guy right now and I'm so happy, but I dont have a guy, so I dont know why I feel like this?  I'm crazy...   Melissa and Kalynn- Sunday night is going to be soooo much fun.  I hope its not too cold.  Lets go to Paris Mountain to camp. We'll bring the Notebook and watch the deleted scenes again!  I love yall!  Countdown days... 8 days till the choral festival 9 days till we get our class rings 17 days till my birthday 27 days till New York 88 days till prom  time to go!
1	*gets her stuff together, ready to go to angsty-ada's*  *looks out for Azraphel*  *paces* *bounces* *paces* *bounces*  *is excited, sleepover, yay!*
1	    THIS WAY UP   �      akirashinigami has fragile contents which may break!     Username:     From  Go-Quiz.com  
1	i've decided roses are the best flowers ever.  i'm starting to be happy again. tonight, even through a few awkward silences, was fun. i like being around him. he makes me smile for no reason.  god, i hate being a girl.  guess what?!?!?!? my birthday is so on sat. and we're going to PARTY!!! it's at my friend's monet's house. some people are coming up from cleburne for it. ahhh...i wish little jonie could come. i miss him and the old times. but he's coming up sometime. i'll make him. we're gonna have so much fun though!!!yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  mcr show tomorrow...wait...today. since it is almost 2. so so excited about that too. it's so gonna rock!!!
1	update... i won the poker game! josh lost, but said it was because he was not playing with his own money...but the fact is he lost and i won! HAHAHAH  i found my SAI pin stuck in the cargo net in the trunk of my car...how the fuck did it get there? but im glad i found it  i found my sunglasses in a drawer at work...see i never loose things they just hide from me, and sometimes for very long periods of time  fred is a cat.  he likes to sit in the window and look outside for hours on end  i do not like paying to do my laundry.  i dont mind going to a little building far far away, i just dont like paying for it.  i suck at pool, but josh said he will help me.  before he just said i was hopeless...so this is a big step:)  i am going to look at my tattoo today...uh oh...does this mean i have to get it now?  also...whats up with the random questions in the LVs, it says post answers in your own journal...but everyone is just replying  my question...if you were fred what would you do  lata
1	Firstly, last night I had a blast talking to my friend Jenn from Ottawa, she's so much fun to talk to ^_^  And secondly, I picked up a Final Fantasy X wall scroll last night at the comic shop :D So I took picks of it when I ung it on my wall (I'm not entirely sure it's straight right now, but I'll fix it later ^_^  Here's links to the pictures (they open in a new window...or at least they should :P):   FFX and Ecto 1 together in harmony   and   FFX Wallscroll in all it's goodness   If the links don't work don't flame me LOL I haven't done html in such a long time now it's not funny LOL  (note: for some stupid reason the light hits my wall really funny in my room, so the lighting messes up the paint on the wall :P)  But that's all I have to say about that, I'm debating on picking up Kingdom Hearts: Final Mix for PS2 even though it's in japanese I know most of the storyline off by heart, I'll just have to learn what the abilities are in japanese ;)
0	*watches her mun choke on a piece of orange*  o.o;  How ever did I get stuck with such a dufus? ;_; SALMAR? I need to cuddle something. This is depressing me.
1	I tend to sort of forget about the Celtics.  They don't get anywhere near as much press around here as the Patriots or Red Sox.  But no.  There is a basketball team in Boston, and they actually have games and stuff, apparently.  Why do I know this?  Because my new hobby is trying to figure out ways to get drunk basketball fans to move over enough to let me off the train.  Oh, and trying not to hit them as they wander around the T stop parking lot.  Yes, it is lots of fun.
1	[I love Sydney for my paid account!!!! You're too good to me ;-)]
0	Are they really ending  Carnivàle  with this (typically short) season? That's ridiculous!   UPDATE:   AHA!  Well, that doesn't mean the show will be renewed, but it does mean that they haven't forced the ending prematurely in anticipation of being cancelled, which would be even worse.
0	I got a job at Paradise Bakery. I was really happy when they first said i was hired. I should be ecstatic, but I am not. I can't do anything right, and all I do is fuck everything up.   I hate me.
1	I have heard good reports from Albert, and from my own observations I see that the repairs to the castle are going along splendidly.  Thank goodness those creepy holes in the walls are gone.  I have even heard from Martha that the castle hasn't looked this good in a very long time. You should all be very proud of yourselves.   Now, once construction is complete, I have planned a little party for everyone who was involved. Of course any guests you may wish to have are welcome; I would just like to give back something to everyone who helped out to show mine and everyone's appreciation. I won't say now what I have planned, but I will say I'll be needing Kinnison's assistance. For now, please continue in your hard work.  I will have to take a short break from the consruction to do some paperwork for the castle. I will be working by the lake if anyone needs me, and I trust Albert to inform me of any problems.
0	i had a dream last night that i was 17, had a bf, a car, and a great job...and then i woke up. im definately not 17, definately not in a relationship and not getting a job anytime soon. dang it why did i have to wake up. darn. oh well, at least we have monday off. and a basketball game. i have missed basketball so much these past weeks! especially after our game had to get postponed cos someone *rolls eyes* was suffering from permament pms or something...(lmao, no not mr moerbe :P) oh well. that was a smiley face so i guess im feeling better. i really want to see coach carter tomorrow but i dont know if we have neough time before we go to belleville. oh well, i guess well see.  (ps - despite what kevin says, im NOT MARRIED ;P) &lt;- another smiley face, wow       |\ /| &lt;^&gt;--(*_*)--&lt;^&gt;   wow don't i feel creative.......okay now its over     _/   \_
0	You know that part I was talking about well, I got it…sort of.  They wanted me, they really wanted me but there was no one tall enough (in South Jersey)to play against me.  They looked and looked, but could not find anyone, so they when with someone else.  So close.  Too tall to act?  WTF!
1	The new Doctor Who series, which doesn't yet have a US distributor,  does  have an agreement with a Canadian channel--a channel that Comcast happens to carry.  Woo-hoo, new Who!    (CBUT, channel 99, Tuesday's at 8, if you're interested ;&gt;)
1	Ok, I waited as long as I could!! What did ya think about who was ousted out on American Idol and on the Apprentice?? I wanna jump for joy and sing sweet victory songs everywhere on both the LOSERS leaving. Wooohooo!!    Oh and I put up the Chococat layout. I am really liking although I REALLY love pink layouts best. I am thinking of doing a cinnamonroll one. I found tons of pics for that today. If ya don't know what/who cinnamonroll is...   cinnamonroll layout i did 
1	  Hellooooo, been into town today&nbsp;and ordered some   beautiful pink and white floral converse from Schuh!!   Eeeep..... can't wait till they get delivered, plus its extra ace coz my mum bought them for me as a treat or something?!?      Nothing else to report really except that i saw Siobhan and Helen in town today on their way to the cinema, Siobhan was carrying a Maccy D's and i was very jealous.....      Think thats it,      xxxxx      - Oh yeah, im going to see The Ring 2 tomorrow with       darkenedgaze    after my shift at work and im feeling a little bit apprehensive because the first one scared me so much i didnt sleep properly for about three weeks!&nbsp;But i enjoyed the film altogether, its a rush being scared to death, or is that just me.........??      Bye bye *waves*  
1	I will suprise you sometime.... I'll come around.....  When you're down.........  :)
1	Awww. I just had a visit from Liz whom I work with. She dropped off a lovely bunch of flowers for me (as a get well present) from everyone at work :) The yellow roses are the prettiest but there's a bunch of carnations that haven't flowered yet.       I'd never actually received flowers before from anyone. Now i've had them from family friends, the lads and work. For a non-flowers person such as myself, I could actually get quite used to this, as long as they're being kept downstairs so I can look at them when I want and when my allergies start playing up, I can get the hell away from them. Lol. Awww. I feel special :)
1	Dreida asked me to tickle her!  She has a decent vocabulary, but she hasn't used it since august, and just now she bent over on the counter and said "Tickle Dreida.  Tickle tickle tickle tickle."  And how can I deny a request like that??  Yay!
1	     Love by   ruby mae        Your name           Your partner           You two are    Soulmates      Your meeting was by    Luck      They are your    Sweetheart      You are their    Baby      Your love will    Never end               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	  Sucks when you start talking to a guy, then they dont talk back! I HATE IT!      ...And he was soo cute too....&nbsp;       Im sad now :(....  
0	Fred Rogers died yesterday.  It sucks to see your childhood getting farther and farther away.
0	yesterday was my birthday and I woke in the morning so depressed,In the school everything was ok.I didnt want to celebrate it but a few friends took me to a party,I had a good time and when I got back at home I started to cry for hours.I hate birthdays.I dont want anything.The time passes by so quickly,Indeed I dont want to live and I hate life.but.... great.now I want to cry again. ITS SO WRONG.
1	I DINGED tonight on WoW tonight! *finally*  I want to have a job and my MCAT to be over with.. so I can become addicted to WoW!  I want my mount. Muaha.  *NERD*
0	im starting to question my sanity..my stability, and the very worse my soul   -If I cant control my thoughts, can I really control myself? Or is it that no one can raelly control their thoughts, but they've trained themselves to repress them as they grew up? Maybe I'm the only one Living how other people wouldn't dream, I think I have this in the back of my head and let it get to me; i realize now its not necessarily a benefical factor.   -If I'm not stable, how can my relations w/ other people be stable? Only the truely patient ones, those that love thy unconditionally understand, which is nice but still makes one feel very naked and alone. I'm excluded from the circle of norms. Not that I wanted to be in it anyways..   -If i have no soul, what's the point of living? The soul is imperative in order to love, hate, feel passion, have goals. Without a soul can i really feel? I know i feel but maybe im really not feeling im pretending to feel. this is what scares me most.
1	today i rode my bike to pasadena, in spite of the rain. i rode to the bank to deposit my check, after that i rode to memorial park for a rally/protest. because of the rain only one person showed up. after that i rode home. i came home and ate some leftovers and then went to the duarte performing arts center to see Ray Bradbury discuss his writing history. it was very nice, he is a very smart man. he did not go to college, and rode his bike everywhere when he was younger. he is eighty years old and very cool.  tonight i'm gonna play with my drum machine and fix my guitar
0	I am so lost without you. Every night i cry myself to sleep. Hopeing for you to come back. I am so sad without you. I need you. I love you so much. Even though it's been a month now i just cann't get over you. I don't know where you get the idea of dumping me. If you were listening to someone idk. You shouldnt care what other people said. we were so happy and at the end idk what happen. I miss you so much. Please come back to me. All i am asking is to give me another chance.
1	     Disorder      Rating        Paranoid :    Low       Schizoid :    Moderate       Schizotypal :    Moderate       Antisocial :    Low       Borderline :    Low       Histrionic :    Low       Narcissistic :    Low       Avoidant :    Moderate       Dependent :    High       Obsessive-Compulsive :    Low       --  Personality Disorder Test - Take It!  --     
1	 A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MISS BRITTANY THOMASSON! 
0	Well, the Pope died an hour ago.  It's a sad day, he was a good man.  He didn't do a lot in the Church that I had hope for, but still... he was a good man.
1	four days till i leave for colorado, sucka.  and now, some excerpts from georgeanne's letter from camp:   "Ok I'm going to go to sleep now, I stayed up late last night- almost 10!"  after a couple rambling paragraphs about how she is going to miss everybody from camp so much "Oh and I'm also sad because I won't see you in forever!"  dont know if you folks see the humor in that one, but it made me laugh.  anyway she is a crazy greek crack ass, and i cant see her for five more weeks. how ironic is it that the day she gets back is the day i leave and the day i get back is the day she leaves again???!! how is that possible.  fool greeks.  actually, greeks are cool by me.  -ellen
1	this wk/end wasnt too bad… nothing grand. honestly i wanted to be at school. my sisters were here and i spent a ton of my wk/end with them. we went to the movies and saw meet the fockers, it was just alright… i did laugh moe then i thought. i got to see alyssa! that was awesome… it was brief but i needed a breath of fresh air. i’m extremely happy to be at school, away from my dad, his girlfriend, the dog and the house.  today i am a little tired, ,mostly bored… sounds odd right, i want to be at school but now that i am here i am bored… enjoy your day!
1	Yay! My sister's ultrascan whatever/whatnot has come back in with a picture of her babeh! Uncle Seth .. &gt;.&lt;  Holy Jebus life flies at quite a rate.   http://www.freewebs.com/seth0/sex.h tm   Theres the link for the picture thingy. =3
1	I think we're going to skip signing time camp, skip San Francisco.  And use our vacation club points to go to NYC instead.  We were going to go anyway, but now our lodging will be free.  I think we'll stay for five nights.  I'm excited.  I really miss NY.  Jack hasn't gone since he was about 18 months.  I'm so excited to take him now that's he's older and verbal.   I can't wait to take him to the restaurants...the Korean one, Curry in a Hurry.   Maybe a picnic in central park.  Oh he'll love the diners!!!!!   Even though I'm not a big fan.  And I'm totally going off any diets that week.  I'm going to eat as if there is no tomorrow!!!!!
0	 Student's rampage leaves 10 dead.  Subheading: Witness describes gunman grinning, waving.  I don't understand.  I'm sure I never will.  *sigh*
1	        phendog   &nbsp;  is the best!      She sent me  The Broken Hearts Club  for Christmas.&nbsp; I've never seen it, but I've always wanted to.&nbsp; She suggested that my slashy mind might enjoy it.&nbsp; Me?&nbsp; Slashy mind?&nbsp; Don't be silly.&nbsp; *G* 
1	I got home from work today...and i got my residence assignment! I got into the nice residence...Mary Keyes...4 single rooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen, living room.  I emailed everyone, and i'm actually talking to one of my roommates right now!  Her name is Erin O'Neil, and she's from Dundas.  She seems really nice.  I hope i get to meet everyone in my suite soon....im so excited!!  - Ashwee
0	So... went to the St. Andrew's reunion. It was kinda depressing. Everyone there had kept in touch with at least one other person, or was going to school with everyone else. I, on the other hand, haven't spoken to anyone since freshman year. So it was really awkward, and somewhat painful. I wish I could have stayed there longer, but we had been suckered into going to Bayou bash, I would have much rathered stay at St. Andrews. I miss it, it was a time in my life I cherish to this day. I wish I could go back.   I'm exausted, not physically, but mentally. My appetite is gone, all I ate today was barely half a roast beef po-boy. I don't want to go back to school, I just want to sit and home and be a bum for the rest of my life. I guess we can't always get what we want.
1	  MORE! 6 New Coffin Items have been added! 2 Purses 2 Standing Jewelry Boxes and 2 Shadow Boxes Here is are a few images to get your mind racing       Price and details can be found:  http://www.gothrosary.com/category.c fm?id=77  Enjoy! Hugs, AntiSally 
0	Fuck it - I just can't help myself.  I say one thing, one sill thing and damn I want to destroy myself. I need the pain, I need to hurt - that will help, it will dampen all this overwhelming loathing of me
0	Comedian and Actor Mitch Hedberg Dies at 37  http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=sto ry&u=/ap/20050401/ap_en_mu/obit_hedberg_4    Mitch Hedberg was brilliant. We will miss you, Mitch. RIP.  And Frank Perdue Sr died. Dang. I thought he already had passed.
1	Happy Birthday Richard!!!!!  Tee hee!                    btw, it's been number 2 now!
1	because they're so slack.  I felt bad for Eddie.. his band was playing for the art show and all I heard people saying was how they loved the song and they were sad that whoever was singing it was completely butchering it.. Eddie's cool, but if he wants to have a band, he needs to find good musicians.. who  get along .. because usually what happens is that he'll find people who play the various instruments you need in a typical "emo" band.. they'll do alright for a while and then a month or two goes by along with millions of fights and dramatic scenes and then they'll break up.. on to the next set of people..  Lalala.  So, I'm going to do my homework (*gasp!*) and then go back to the art show until it closes.. then I'm going to come home, take a shower, and wait for John to call :)  doot.
0	On November 12,  I lost my voice .  ... and I don't think there's a spell in all of the sorcery books in all the world that will get it back for me.
0	Would you enjoy reading a long, dumb story about irresponsibility and disorganization?  When I got my 4 a.m. wake up call I had every intention of going to work. Intentions, as I'm sure you're aware don't mean shit if you've lost your badge  again . Since I've been written up for dumb shit (such as non-regulation socks and large earrings) lately, this would be my third "strike" for those of you who are counting. I looked nearly everywhere. I gave up about ten minutes into the search, accepted the prospect of unemployment and made necessary arrangements with The Man, thus ending my seven-month tenure in Jet Damery.  Until I find a job, I resolve to wear nothing but green pants and a black tank top.   I'm sure you're thinking  ...but how can I help?   Oh, I think you already knew the  answer  to that one.
0	One  from please save my earth and the rest are form Elle To Takura.  Please Tell me What you think =^-^=      1-   2-   3-   4-   5-   This one was made for Yaya aka= eifersucht on dead journal so no using it without her permison, oh yeah this one was also made by Angeliz     =^-^=
1	5. The easter bunny! 4. If on DVD, they usually include great features or cool games. 3. Searching for chocolate eggs in the woods with a bunch of relatives. 2. Having one on display for the  Weblogqueens!  1. Chocolate!  Sorry  10e  and  Luna , but chocolate just tops all!   
1	ya its only TWO more days till my birthday!! oh yes.. i cant wait to go out and get asked for ID they will think taht they have cought someone but really they wont have.. hahaha. So finals night is tonight hey?!?! im gonna be there are you? it should be not so rad but hey we will give it a try its our last one.... anyways just to remind you ITS ONLY ONE MORE DAY TILL IM 18!! oh yeh
0	I had to steal this from purpleallison, because it was just  too cute and I've been really depressed, so gimme hugs please!           *HUGS* TOTAL!  give leanashe more *HUGS*     Get hugs of your own   
1	AH! Today I went shopping for furniture. I bought several nice things, such as, a BIG wardrobe, 2 smaller closets for my other things and my books, and a BIG desk. I think I NEVER had a desk that was THAT big in all my life.   Several of my friends work at the store where I got it, so it was quite funny to go shopping there. Of course, I hadn't seen them for over a month, so it was even nicer to see them again!  I ordered the furniture, and paid for it, but I haven't taken the stuff home yet. 'Cause basically, we don't have the room for storage. So I'll pick the funriture up after I get the key to my room, and then I can move it all there directly.
1	its the night before school. im so excited though bcus i love all of the girls that are my friends there, they are soo nice!!! tomorrow we have the summer reading test then i have xc practice, then me and the girls are walking to this place in town they say is really good for food. then i haev to babysit until like 11. but i have to wear these faggy uniforms. but i dk it will be fun! xo lyndsey  yeahh sha! hahahahha
1	8 days til spring break...   as Burg would say, 'sweet charity!' :)  
0	 http://www.knoxnews.com/kns/local_n ews/article/0,1406,KNS_347_3584085,00.ht ml   Continuation of the fire story...
0	Wednesday 23: I didn't need to study a lot for the English exam, it went pretty well. I think I will have maybe 90% on it. So yeah, after I've finished school, I've went to the library and decide to go study there. So I've studied Psychology book for 3 hours and for only 2 chapters. :( So I came back at home very late and was somekind completely exhausted. To relax a little bit, I've chat in MSN and was viewing forums. Then, I've went to sleep and I've set up my alarm to wake me up at 5:00am. But what's weird is that the alarm of my clock didn't ring and so yeah, I didn't have time to study the parts I missed... :(  So yeah, I've finished my exam and I feel a little bit disappointed with myself. I've missed a big questions because I didn't read it last night. So yeah, now I'm feeling guilty and disappointed to myself. Whaaaaa!
1	  ***Oh how I love SNOW***     Huummmm I'm so happy. I'm still in my PJ's, sitting on my couch, drinking tea with my cat (who is no longer blue), reading WoT and watching the snow. Did I mention my cat was once blue? If someone shows me how to post pictures, I'll show photographic proof.     This is my doing. Oh yes. My snow dance was so fabulous that the snow gods couldn't help but send us 6-10 inches.     &nbsp; 
1	I know that I got on here late, but forgive me babe.  You are such a fantastic person and I am so glad to have met you babes. It's so great to know that I can go online and always have someone to listen to my inane rambling.  So here's to a wonderful and amazing birthday. And thanks doll, for being such a damn good friend.  Luv ya! Sara
1	Alright, got some awesome news for you all...   This Saturday, there's a coffeehouse at a church in SP, and my band's playing, so, if you wanna come....contact me, either thru my AIM sn, or if you see me in school, or just leave a comment, and I'll get back to you...   It's free, so what's holdin you back?
0	If I typed what I was feeling emotionally right now I would cause too much damage so I'll keep it inside yet again. So I went to Parmanti Bros lastnight. Had about 2.5 pints of yingling(spelled it wrong) light and dark on an empty stomach. I felt the tracer effect and was a little buzzed but didn't get drunk. Didn't really dig it though. I don't like not having complete control of myself and it's just not me.So after I sobered up reality stabbed me in the face for the rest of the night. That's all I have to say
0	If I've learned anything from today, it's this: If you are so caught up in the mundane details of life, like, lets say, a spouse losing their keys, and you yell at each other over  that , you really need to reevaluate your relationship. If you get to the point where your arguments, and more important, long held resentments, usually involve where to put your furniture....you need to have a reality check.  Something has fallen off the wagon a long way back, and you should have tried to go back for it long ago. I only live my life it seems, to NOT do what others are doing wrong. Please, please, don't take each other for granted.   You will end up lonely and sad, in a place where you can't even remember the reason you loved each other in the first place.
1	Like I didn't see that one coming, George Mason.  I called the Conservinator and told him the chances of me living in DC next year were one third less.&nbsp; I think he thinks I'm taking this too well.&nbsp; The way I view it, now I only have to worry about 11 schools instead of 12.
0	       I made a mini-banner. I made small banners for the communities because I know some people just really don't like big banners. Now you can choose between the big banners or little ones. Promote.  
1	Yeah, so, I am excited.  So excited I may even pee my pants.  I found out today that I will be going to NYC next June with my buddy Maren!  WOOO HOOO!  Yes, we are going with her sister and her high school students.  Rebecca and Holly are going to, so that the 4 of us can just have fun fun fun.  We'll be seeing 5 or 6 shows while we are there:  Thoroghly Modern Millie, Hairspray, Urinetown, possibly Aida, Mama Mia, and another one that we don't know yet.  And we just to go backstage at one of them.Yippee!!!!!!  Then of course we'll do all the sightseeing stuff like Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building, and Ground zero.  So, yeah, this is my reasons for excitment.  WHOOP WHOOP WHOOP!!!!!!
1	Ok, I must say they did a great job of keeping my interested in this upcoming season.  So many possible plots; so many issues that need to be resolved; and so much foreshadowing to the future.  So this show remains the only show that I don't want to miss for another year.
1	The start of another week.  The end of a wonderful weekend.  Saw Sin City yesterday.  It was fantastic.  Nothing I can really pin down, just an incredibly well written, directed, and carried out movie.  The whole eating people thing  really  creeped me out.  Kevin was just plain scary.    Apparently, I would have convulsions if I attempted to see Hannibal.  I don't doubt it.  Went to the park tonight around 9 pm.  The park is so wonderful, the weather was perfect, and there were no bugs.  However, I got really creeped out.  Incredibly so.  And couldn't stand it.  So we had to leave on account of me ^_^  I'm such a pansy.  But at least pansies inhibit the growth of weeds and are edible.
0	Called Peter just a few minutes ago. He seemed upset. I guess because i haven't been calling. I told him how i felt, and he seems mad at me. Maybe i should let him go. Evertime i think of him, it's like a part of me is dying on the inside. I love him. I think i always will. i would do anything for him if he asked me to. I'm a fool. He'll never treat me the way i want or desearve to be treated. Whenever he comes around my heart skips a beat. I feel this way for a person who has never treated me right. There is something seriously wrong with me
1	I have arrived.    The trip in wasn't too bad.  Slept most of the plane ride, had no real problems getting here...and ended up getting here way too early.  My roommate seems pretty cool.  He's very enthusuastic...which is cool.  Very cool.  And he finds my jokes funny. *grin*  But the best part about today was Bane showing up!  It was the best surprise ever, and he's going to school here!  Just like old times...man, I missed him.  Internet talk is okay and all, but it's nothing like talking to him face-to-face.  I had been having doubts about coming here, but now I don't.  I'm glad I choose this college.
1	and YES! I knewwww all that would happen in RE4! and that bitch Ada is back but this time Leon seems too angry wit hher to even try her again XD you go leon! or he better not....that dog!  and nothing else really..... XD
0	overbearing panic attack entrenching my veins in an hour i'll be ok  i pray this pain will go away permanently someday
1	I got my bike: a  Trek 3700 .  Now begins the search for the bike trails and streets to get to places the most efficient and fast way. :)
1	    I hugged Charlie Whistler.           &nbsp;        &nbsp;        &nbsp;    &nbsp; 
0	I didn't get the job.  At least they called to tell me, instead of blowing me off.
0	Dear Emily, I feel like shit. My body finally matches my state of mind. I'm getting sick with whatever Jason has. My head aches and my heart keeps beating too fast and I can barely think. Everytime I close my eyes, I feel like crying. Why can't things ever work out? Why is there always something that goes wrong? Now Laine's probably pissed off at me, things aren't any better, and I feel too sick to do anything. I'm too screwed up to even feel self-destructive right now. I just want to give up. I'm done. I lose. I get it already. All I want is to be with the girl I love. But the closer that gets, the farther away it becomes. Sometimes it feels like that day will never happen. All I can do is sit here and watch my life fall apart around me. Better get some popcorn.  Heather
1	     Your Life: The Movie by   mintyduck       Who will play you:    Ewan McGregor      Who will play your love interest:    Angelina Jolie      Weeks you will stay in the box office:    13     Song that will play during your love scene:    The Bangles - Eternal Flame      Song that will play during your death:    Frente - Air      Your name:                  Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen  !       i'm so ewan... mmmmm angelina.... w00t w00t bangles..... neways... been like drivin lesson r us... which is kool... hopefully get that thing that let's you drive cars soon...   F..... E.... A..... R.....     and so... looks like our night at the empire is comin along nicely... and our proposal has been accepted at a club in noosa which is very kool....   Forget Everything And Remember For Everything A Reason    YOU GOT THE FEAR....    DOWNLOAD.... Ian Brown - Fear... original.. and if your digin on that... get the unkle remix aswell
0	I don't know why I got so excited when my mum added me to her contact list on MSN. Maybe it's because she NEVER chats online, and that I miss her so goddamn much. :P She's not online now. :(
0	 "Non è comunque la morte a farci orrore Ché dai vagiti asmatici ai rantoli del coma alla putrefazione della carne tutto è una smorfia atroce della vita  M'ha scordato per sempre, la mia incomprensione"  (Requiem for CB - Laghetto)  Yesterday my  power adapter  died.
1	there might be something there! &lt; guess i'll have to wait and see!
1	My eye is like 100 times better. Its just a little red.  I got to play with babies today. It was pretty fun. One wouldn't leave me alone. She cried if I put her down. It sucked because I really really had to pee and I was stuck holding her haha. She hit me too. That girl is crazy. She also said some pretty weird stuff.   I watched Ms. Doubtfire today. I hadn't seen it in a really long time.  But no candy. How sad. :( haha. But I did get potatoes haha.
1	Okay!  I got two days off back-to-back, which happens only when I beg and plead.  It was possible because of spring break, which means my co-workers' schedules are flexible.  So I wanna come up to Austin for those two days!  What shall we do?  I am coming up on March 15th in the evening, and will be driving back into town on the morning of the 18th.  I work early on Tue 3/15 so I can leave after work, and I work late on the 18th, so I can drive in and get ready and come to the restaurant.  Seeya in a little less than a week!
1	A post of many pictures is now up at my  knitblog .  There's even lots of non-knitting cuteness for those of you who wouldn't just want to see my lace-shawl progress.
1	lets see...it is spring break, so yay. saturday was pretty groovy mom picked us up and then we picked paola up. then we stopped by best buy and i got some new cds. they are the white stripes, cake, modest mouse, disturbed, system of a down and bob segar. all awesome. then we just hung out watching tv but it was great. then we came home pretty early sunday morning and i did nothing sunday. and it looks like im at home alone for most of today. o well, spring break is going pretty good so far, talk to ya later, bye!
0	typical. its just SO typical. the sheep on drugs concert is cancelled. im really tempted to go to club noir anyway coz its free if u had a ticket to the gig BUT tomorrow im working from 8am.  hmmm. Lou and Diana is online so im not leaving..:P  my week was nice, but what should i do tomorrow? electric ballroom? anyone have a better idea? im up to something new, really.   oh, and sunday Gary Numan is playing somewhere.. i should check if theres still tickets left. i want to see him.   *update update update*  a call from James, we`re going to Club Noir. i will HATE to get up tomorrow!!
1	that I could not wear my hair in braided pigtails. Only loose women and whores wore their hair like that. I think it might have been a law or something. I was very disappointed. Also there was lots of sex.
1	 PLC is here and we're ready to win...dancin', screamin', doin' our thing...and if anybody dares to stand in our way, we're gonna BASH 'em up! BASH 'em up! BASH 'em up!!!     oh my, tomorrow's judgement day! my gosh! after two weeks of practice! w8, wut?! two weeks?! yes! two weeks!! but i believe in the team! we'll do our best! we WILL and we SHOULD get this one!!  who do we boost for?! GOD
1	Merry Crimbo folks!!! Hope you all have a wonderful day and got lots of lovely presents!  I now own an Ipod! Oh yes...  Pauline xx
1	happy birthday to my big sister       llamaface3dd   ! 23 today!  this is too damn cute.  and now i have the song stuck in my head.
0	Please keep her in your prayers or whatever you do for hope.
0	ahh breaks over. it's been forever since i've written in this.  break was soo much fun with whitney! we're so weird when were together.  this is gonna be short, i don't feel like doing aaanything. my doggy died last night..aw.. she was so adorable, her big teddy bear eyes..i was in total shock, she just..slipped away.. thats all, i'll write more later..
1	Today is beautiful, warm, the sun is out, the snow is finally melting, hopefully all gone by the weekend, the little seedlings are growing, I did the grocery shopping for the week, the new joann's ad came in the mail, my quilt is coming along, we looked at a great house yesterday, my birthday on Friday was nice, and there's a new plant to pot from a cutting (anyone want a kalanchoe??).     Yep, it's spring.  *does a happy dance*
1	alright, so i was going to post pictures from today and a few days ago, but my computer is being stupid. so there goes that. but today was pretty cool. i rode out to gh to ill, met up with friends. fun. but before meeting up with friends i got to sit in the park for a long time by myself, and it was nice. i took some really cool pictures, wrote in my notebook, watched squirels run around, whatched the clouds, thought, and had fun doing all of that. so, tomorrow is the potluck. here is the word on it...  THE POTLUCK IS AT PAMONA PARK(AKA THE FRUITPORT BANDSHELL) IT IS GOING TO START AT 2:00 AND GO FOREVER. BRING SOME FOOD, PLEASE BRING SOME FOOD. ALSO BRING A FRISBEE, OR A FOOTBALL, OR SOMETHING COOL TO PLAY WITH. ALSO, BE THERE, AND BRING FOOD. THERE HAS BEEN A LACK OF FOOD AT POTLUCKS, SO YOU BETTER GET ON THAT SHIT!  so lets recap, bandshell, food, frisbee, food, and fun! lets go! 2:00! yeah yeah yeah yeah!  phl.meh.
0	God, I'm lonely. Lonely, and tired, and totally uninspired to get off my ass to do anything. Even post.  Not, of course, because there's no one here to spend time with. Because my GIRLFRIEND isn't here to spend time with.  ...also, pathetic. Did I mention pathetic? Yeah. That too.   *sigh*   If anyone wants to donate to the "Give Nath spending money so he can visit Jilly any time he wants and still not spend long periods of time in Alabama" fund... I'm known to be a decent slave.   or maybe just if anyone wants to come and drag me out of this funk. 
1	I've just talked to my thesis advisor. She said my thesis was fine, I can finally have it bound and hand it in. I still have problems believing it. It's hard to believe it was so easy, after all these long months of writing and worrying.  Now I'm almost over the thesis ordeal. I have to proofread 92 pages (eek!). Then I'll have to start preparing for the defense. Once the thesis is defended, I'll have my MA degree in hand and my freedom back. I can hardly wait :D
1	So, to counter the icky-ness that's happening with Will, I've started to make tentative plans to go to the one, the only, SLOPE DAY. That's right, to drink my ass off and party with my KDR boys. I'm excited just thinkigng about it now!
0	 I pray for you every night   I pray for you to find your place   I pray for you, your mother, your father, but most of all   I pray for your sister   She gives me strength through the day   Forgive, forget, move on, let's help her    
0	Juliana just hung up.   I have cried my eyes out till they are puffy and red.   It was my inadequacy.   I shall leave her blameless, for I myself know how much it should be.      I feel really empty, but at least I have Reggie. Reggie shall be my  pillar of strength. Reggie was the Forever Friends bear Juliana gave me  on my birthday.      I love Juliana. If I love her I will not die.   I feel suicidal, and I feel that I should sit it out, that I should give her the time and wait for her call.   Maybe that call is not going to come.   Maybe I'm not going to sit it out.      My eyes are puffy and red.   Maybe it's a chance, maybe it's time that we break up just like that, gone, broken, forever.      I am tired and I am going to do random stuff.   I hope I do not kill myself tonight.      It was two am when I embarked on this entry. It is now five minutes past two am.   If only things would happen that fast.       
0	Ask me one question - any one - about my writing, then post this in your LJ so I can satisfy my curiosity about yours.
1	hi everyone,  at last we made it to Australia... it is freakin hot in this country!! ...i love Sydney very much (sorry Eliza but we havent been to Melb so... :)... 20 hours of flight sure gets you down... but it was alright... we ll live... saw the most beautiful sunrise in Malaysia... and i had a good conversation with an irish lad for a few hours because Loepie was seated at the other side of the plane so we couldn't reach each other... both flights...   no pictures for the moment... we didn't take that many of them yet... my time's up so took to ya later!!  live from sydney: me :)
0	 http://xaxxon.slackworks.com/claude.m ov   This made me cry for a good hour last night. . .hell I'm crying again. This guinea pig is blind, and deaf. . .and has very bad teeth. . .it's so sad. . .I hope despite his handycaps he will have a long beautiful life. . .At least he has a loving home, most who have that handycap don't.
1	I got a chance today to test ride the Sun Easy Rider  recumbent bike  and  trike .  The short form is that I'm in love.  The long form is that I still need to test ride the  Evox , but one of these is definitely in my future.   Let's see: Hands/wrists? Don't hurt.  Butt? I need a desk chair that comfortable.  Shoulders? Feeling fine.  Legs? Okay, yes, I'm feeling it a little, but I took a three or four mile test ride after not riding a bike for years.  I only realized afterwards how far I'd gone on the test--I love that the cycling shop is right next door to the Springfield to Yellow Springs bike trail.  The only problem I had with it is the "twitchiness" of the steering.  The small front wheel, or possibly the angle of it, causes the bike to react severely to a small change in steering.
1	I got my UMASS Dartmouth tickets today!!!! They finally put the info up for the box office # etc...
1	I got a new puppy last night...named Griswold...or Grizz...Newfoundland...6 mos old and 70lbs. He's real big...and real cute. Well...right now...Hdofu is scaring me with stories of people he's met on message boards who are absolute psychos. *shudders* Well...nothing else besides the new puppy.  *foxie hugs* -Kameron
0	A while back, like last year, my bf showed me a pic of his pickup truck  Now latley I've seen that same kinda truck pass my house  I keep thinking it's him  Though I know it's not...  *sighs*  I wish it was him...
1	Last night I failed to mention what I thought was the funniest sight of the party! While Chelsea was dying my hair (which looks awesomely spectacular i might add) Sasha runs into the bathroom, screaming and trying to re-buckle her belt with Phil right behind her. Until she told us what was going on, I thought she was gettin' frisky on my couch. LMAO  The rest of the night went really well despite some of the dramatic things that happened. None of us got any sleep lol Oh girls I'm really sorry if I was bitchy to you! I'm really tired (obviously) and really needed to be alone to reflect on some things. I really appreciate you coming and Chelsea I would LOVE to do this again:) Maybe I can dye YOUR hair next time;) Hahahaha  Anyway, I can't wait to see you all tomorrow and get my birthday present from Sasha because the anticipation is driving me crazy! LOL I hope the rest of you have a fantastic afternoon and evening and I'm out!  Love, Sabrina
0	so i got bored and was looking at ticketmaster.com and looked up msi(Mindless Self Indulgence) and they have a concert date for 40/20/05 in  Louisville, KY. first thought was "i can go see them!!!!" then it hit me. i have practice for 42nd street (shameless plug*) and can't go...... pout.......   * April 28,29,and 30th @ Hendersonville High School I will be playing Maggie Jones in my schools production on the broadway hit 42nd Street. This is a BIG part for me guys! Come see me!
0	i cant believe it, never thought this day would come (tear) the loving, careing puppet sharing guy we all used to watch on TV, has passed away. this is going to be hard but ill get through it.     Ps. I love you Mr. Rogers
0	So I found out this morning that my oboe teacher of 6 years died two days ago of cancer.  She was recieving treatment and was doing fine but then she died all of a sudden.  RIP Ms. Famous, you will be greatly missed :(   PS: Lindsay, you now have me addicted to Michael Buble!
0	   I don't want to fall in love again. I don't want to love ever again.  Maybe that's why I set out to destroy myself, to burn away every little bit of me there is, until there's nothing but an empty hole. Because I don't want to love again. It would never be the same as my love for him, and that's not fair to the other person... and what if Dion and Nico don't work out, and we set our hearts on the same person again? It's obvious I could never compete with her. And I don't think I could take it. I barely could this time.   I'm so scared. So scared of loving, so scared of being broken again, so scared of everything. I used to never be scared. I used to be fearless. I used to be wreckless in every way. What happened? Why am I suddenly so afraid?
0	Today i think i did good on my biology quiz im pretty sure it was a 100. I think i did good on my spanish quiz too. Hardiggity gave me detention and i actually went. He let me do homework the whole time what a joke. I am kinda depressed for no reason. Steph hit me yesterday for no reason. i had some shitty microwavable chicken noodle soup after detention at the hospital it had big ass carrot chunks and big chunks of green shit. Steph said she hates me last night but today she said she didnt mean it that made me feel like shit :(
0	A girl asked a guy if he thought she was pretty, He said...no.  She asked him if he would want to be with her forever....and he said no.  She then asked him if she were to leave would he cry, and once again he replied with a no.  She had heard enough. As she walked away, tears streaming down her face  The boy grabbed her arm and said....  You're not pretty you're beautiful.  I don't want to be with you forever. I NEED to be with you forever!  And I wouldn't cry if you walked away...I'd die...
1	So yesterday was my birthday or as tony would say my 'burfday' it was cool my husband threw me a party and took me to the movies on sunday. Then yesterday he took me to chilis. I ate so much these past few days that i don't need to eat for a week!!!
1	  I feel mostly better. I've been playing Majora's Mask. It's fun but I kept getting stuck and texting Jon for help. xD Plus it's annoying me a bit now, so I stopped and I have to eat maybe and have a bath. =) I've been sat at the computer all day &gt;_&lt; Had to sort out my mums site and get her a domain name, and Baloki saved my life by making me another form. He is so good like that. ^_^ I'll pack tomorrow. I'll have enough time. I am so excited but also nervous because for some reason I'm always nervous when I haven't seen lindsey for a long time. xD Ohhh I can't wait though. It's just gonna make me so happy, especially our wonderful anniversary meal which will be so romantic and cute and OMG I want to bounce around the room now, hehe ^___^ I miss him so much, and a month feels like a year apart. I want snuggles. n__n Well, bye for now, might update tomorrow before I leave, might not. ^_^  
0	What is wrong with humanity that being "too nice" could even be considered a problem?   It's simply frightning.  You know what else is frightning? The fact that my orange and dragonfruit flavored CapriSun Refresher only contains apple and pear juice. I'm guessing that might be why it tastes kind of funny.
1	hey everyone...! so its christmas eve..exams are OVER!!! thank god i passed all my exams except i dont know wht i got on math :(...umm so christmas is around the coner and damn did it come fast...yesterday i saw meet the fockers and learned a few sighns for asl..lol....umm ya..it was great movie go see it!my dad said he got me something BIG and im nervouse to know wht it is since i didnt really ask for anything b/c of my 400$ class ring..soo..i shal see tommorow...umm well i have to go help around the house and church at 5:30..soo talk to guys later...
0	   I'm so tired of being here Suppressed by all my childish fears And if you have to leave I wish that you would just leave 'Cause your presence still lingers here And it won't leave me alone  These wounds won't seem to heal This pain is just too real There's just too much that time cannot erase  When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears I held your hand through all of these years But you still have All of me  You used to captivate me By your resonating light Now I'm bound by the life you left behind Your face it haunts My once pleasant dreams Your voice it chased away All the sanity in me  These wounds won't seem to heal This pain is just too real There's just too much that time cannot erase   I've tried so hard to tell myself that you're gone But though you're still with me I've been alone all along        dont u jus love how songs express exactly how u feel.....   
0	And just like the facist regime of germany, the one thing ive been looking forward to for the past months has been smashed to pieces. i guess california is going to have to wait a bit longer for me. due to renee's grades aaron can not stay there in april. however, if she does better i can stay however long i want in the summer.   renee, you better effin do your home work and ish or else im going to crash my car into your house... and it'll explode just like in the movies and everyone will go flying and die.   i throw your mothers in the garbage.
0	First of all, thanks to       maggiesox   ,       slytherinblack    and       youths_soldier    for commenting on my previous post. Much love to y'all &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3  Second, depression is still going on here.  I hate being sick and I hate feeling like I've been replaced.  I feel childish for thinking that but it's just the way I am when I'm depressed. I get cynical, I get annoyed and I generally act like the whole world is against me - which it is &gt;.&gt;  I want to go to school tomorrow but mom's not letting me.  I feel like de-friending half of my buddies just because. I wish I could write down my feelings better than this and actually try and make this a nice long entry. But I feel like no one cares anyway. So why bother?  :(  Damn it all.
1	      *HUGS* TOTAL!  give snflwrintherain more *HUGS*     Get hugs of your own       This was too cute to pass up!
0	 I'M SOOOO EMO   it sucks.  hopefully my homeslice will cheer me up.   being at home leads me to a depression.  so im out.  peace. 
1	Got my Tunguska story nearly wrapped up!  Finally.  Took Tempest's advice and just forced myself into NaNoWriMo mode and just sat down and did it.  Quite pleased with the results.  One more Sha'daa' story to edit before April 15th and then I can get back to novel.  Yeah!!  I'm itching to work on the novel.  The desire to work on it seems to grow in proportion to the obstacles preventing me from getting to it.  And my "Orphan" story is getting blushingly good reviews on the WNRC message board.  Didn't expect that.  Very cool.  Can't wait for work to end so I can get back to editing.  Just a final read-through left and the normal tightening of sloppy language.  And I'm fencing on Sunday!  All right!  Too bad I've been so lazy with my footwork these past months.  I'm going to be like a slug with a pointy stick.  And it means I'll also be sore come Monday.  Ah well, fencing is worth it.
1	Chris helped me put a picture on here.  He is so good.  But, I have promised never to go to his livejournal.  Nothin new.  I was just excited.
1	story of the year lost prophets my chemical romance  me getting my ass kicked  all happening tonight at the roseland ballroom
1	      You scored as  Existentialism . Your life is guided by the concept of  Existentialism :  You choose the meaning and purpose of your life.    “Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does.”  “It is up to you to give [life] a meaning.”  --Jean-Paul Sartre    “It is man's natural sickness to believe that he possesses the Truth.”  --Blaise Pascal    More info at  Arocoun's Wikipedia User Page...        Existentialism             90%       Hedonism             80%       Justice (Fairness)             70%       Utilitarianism             65%       Kantianism             45%       Nihilism             40%       Strong Egoism             35%       Divine Command             25%       Apathy             0%        What philosophy do you follow? (v1.03)   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	 HEY ALL....Im so happy, I am finally 18 tomorrow!!!! I wont be online tomorrow so I wanted to make the announcement!    &nbsp;               &nbsp; 
0	agggh. nothing. nothing said, nothing done. and the conversation still seems like an impossible one to have. fuck me. aggh
1	im not goign to the health center today .. because im afraid they'll tell me that i can't do stuff .. and i have actual PLANS tonight :D  i will talk more of these said plans after they occur .. so as to not get any hopes up lol  im so tired .. i LOOK tired .. so i must now go and try and not look tired for tonight LOL  laters y'aLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Goyle.  I, really, really,  really  hate to say this.  I'd thought that pig in a blanket I had at supper last night was fishy.  I took one bite of it but it was course and really tough and I just wound up leaving it for the house elves to throw away.  But now that I think about it I--  I swear, this time you've gone too far, Weasleys!!!  Sure, it's all fun and games--until someone loses a finger!  I'm really serious, Professor McGonagall--how do I get out of this stupid house?  If you ask the house elves I'm sure one of them has it, Goyle!  And I've got something that should cheer you up, Goyle! Honest! You and a lot of other folks!  I'm proud to say Hogwarts has needed something like this, for a long time! And now it's here!       I hope to see all of you there!  Wednesday, 9pm SHARP!!!!
1	So the test I thought I was going to fail...I think I got the highest grade in the class. The average was 75 out of 115 and I got 100.5 out of 115. Today I saw the curve for it, and the teacher shows what the grades were and there were two people that got slightly above 100, so Im assuming thats me and another person. Im so happy!! I got the highest for the midterm as well, and again I thought I failed that one as well. All I have to say is OH YEAAAAAAA!    yea, i dont know how to word my sentences properly, leave me alone.
1	I'm actually in a really really good mood today.  Things are better than ever with Jay, prolly cuz we get to see each other more often, and in anticipation for Mac.  Work isn't even actually that bad today.  I've been calling customers who owe us money, its kinda fun lmao.  Tonite's gonna be boring, i gotta get stuff for next year.  Thursday and Friday i get to see Jay again.  Saturday, Derubeis is having a party, which should be fun.  Although Sunday is gonna be kind of a downer, cuz Jay leaves for Delawana for a week.  He'll have fun though ... but hopefully not too much fun lmao lol.  Well time to go...ciao ciao!  - Ashwee
1	I'm really happy today. And I have no reason. I just woke up really happy.  hmmm . . . I think I'm just crazy. but I felt like I was high all day (not that I would know what that feels like, but you know what I mean).  The day was good, very very little homework. So I gotta use this extra time to do some things I should do that I haven't done yet, like study for chemistry and maybe work on World War II packet, etc. Part of my new resolution not to procrastinate.  I mean, I have to do the work anyway, why not now?  haha, actually though, just watch i'll end up sitting on my butt all evening watching tv and eating cookies or something as usual  weekend: overall, good but didn't get to see miss katie, b/c she was at the track meet and we had those crappy english cards to do on sunday.  and to anyone who cares: i'm better from saturday, i'm back to feeling apathy towards him. I don't know what sparked that hatred, but its gone now.
1	It's gonna be sick this year. I found out after practice that the coach is Roy McDaniels, an old player from the Smokeys. He's so tight; I remember interviewing him in 4th or 5th grade.  Not only that but also today I did pretty good. I'm sure I'm gonna be sore by Friday but if I can keep on this pace maybe I won't suck.  Oh, and some of the freshmen are gonna get cut even though they don't have enough players, just because of how they are.  On a completely different note, I realized something on the way to school this morning. I usually refer to life like I would a person. A person that's out to get me, but nonetheless a person. Like in my last entry, when I wrote that; I didn't mean it in the sense that all living things and life in general sucks, more that life the persona sucks. That's all for now but stay tuned, cuz I've got a big surprise for everyone (and no, I'm not gay).
1	I didn't get the assignment I wanted--I got a better one! I'll be part of an elite shock unit equipped with high-powered flying mobile gun platforms! My job will be to go into battle ahead of the ground units, seeking out points of resistance and terminating them. I can hardly wait!  Look out, Jedi, I'm coming for you!
1	yay ok everyone i finally got a picture on here. umm lets see, oh yeah i dyed my hair. whoever is gonna be at melissas tomorrow will get to see it. im not gonna say what color it is or what it looks like yet!  &lt;3 brittany
1	this week in school has been really weird for scheduling classes. monday, wednesday and tomorrow, im getting out of french class ten minutes early for our play tour. We go all afternoon, which means i miss three days of geo. plus i had a vball game today and we got out after 3rd period for the game, so i missed geo again (which is 4th today). so i only went to geo on tues this week. plus right now is SOBF (southern ontario band festival), which is a massive band festival held at our school, and all our jazz bands are playing in it. so tomorrow morning during 1st period, OJ3 (which is the junior jazz band that my friends play in) is playing, so i talked to my math teacher (i have math 1st tomorrow morning) and she said that i could go and hear OJ3 play and then come to class, so i'm missing 30min of math class tomorrow morning. SWEET!! im so excited! woohoo! -Sammy-Sam-Sam-Sam-Sam
1	Yay!  My Dad's doctor used the R word today.  Remission!  I don't think I ever expected that word to be used.    Yay!  I just got an email that my QaF S4 DVDs are shipping tomorrow.  Can.Not.Wait!!  Yay!  I am off to NYC tomorrow to see Lola and many other fun people.  Yay!  I got offered a job!  And I think I am going to take it...probably a more angsty post about that later.  But for now - Yay!
0	The Scientist haunts my playlist again.  i was just guessing, numbers and figures,- pulling your puzzles apart; questions of science, science and progress, do not speak as loud as my heart.  tell me you love me come back and hold me oh and i rush to the start running in circles chasing our tails coming back as we are  nobody said it was easy oh its such a shame for us to part nobosy said it was easy no one ever said it would be so hard.   im going back to the start.
1	  heyyy lol im in a good mood today=) and im done all my exams wahoo! that means i get the rest of the week off! Well right now im talking to Greg on mic and yeahh haha I want to see jordon this week but i dont think its gunna happen now =( I miss him.. hmph but yeah if i dont see him this week we are gunna get together on March break =) yayy lol so yeah i did my last exam today..science.. it was kinda hard lol and then i went to Britts afterwards and we watched 50 First Dates.. i like that movie..its cute! lol I dunno what im gunna do this week.. well me and Katie are going to the movies to see Hide and Seek.. and i wanna hang out with Steve so maybe that too..well im gunna go eat some dinner cyah xo        &nbsp;     Britt&lt;3  
1	  GRANDMA'S LEAVING!!!   I am so happy it's not even funny.     I miss you Paul 
0	last night i found out that the man of my dreams, mr gorgeous............. has a girlfriend. i am v.v.v.v.v.v.v.v.v.v.v.v.v.v.v extremely upset. yes, i do realise iam being silly and unreasonable as i have no claim over him, but i am VERY depressed. he has every right to have a girlfriend, i bet shes gorgeous and lovely and funny grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. and i has made my mind up that i wasnt going to settle for second best, and i decided mr gorgeous was (is?) 'best' and he is therefore, what i want, and id wait for him and forsake all others (yeshyesh, drama queen i know) but what is one supposed to do wen the best is unobtainable? do i pine for a guy who i cant have? or do i forget it and move on. if i were to find someon else to be 'best', wouldnt they still be second best becoz they are only best after mr gorgeous has become unavailable? o im confused. and depressed.
1	Following my previous Ron devoted post here's another staring... The bestest Weasley ever! (Promise to do some other people soon only i found these pics from YM and I couldn't resist!)                        Check out the rest of my icon journal  here     Enjoy. Post. & Comment- good or bad, it's appreciated!  -Lizi xxx
0	Ok. I really wish i had someone who would listen to me.   I am really sick of trying. and people walk away.  Anyone willing to take that position???
0	For the Lip Sync competition, we went first.  I think that we did really well, if the crowd's response was any indication.  We  did  get more applause than any other house save Alpha Xi Delta.  However, we didn't even place in the judge's books.  Most of us are kind of confused on how the Lambda Chis beat us--their performance looked like crap.  Ah, well.  We had fun doing it, and that's what matters.
1	Of the many great wrongs people have committed I find two in particular to stick out the worst. one being selfishness. wether it be in thoughts or actions. my new favorite english teacher once recieved 8,000 dollars on his paycheck after only two days of minimum wage working. he told his boss and it turns out some girl needed the money not him. by not being selfish he didn't end up cheating this girl out of her money. secondly purposely belittling somebody because of their difference or disability. not one human being has the right to openly judge another beacause they themself isn't perfect....  i find the lowest level of hell as suitable punishment for this type of offensiveness...  shut up mark.
1	Herez wishing       louiswu   ,       mesgollum    &       astra1111    A very happy birthday ! :-)  -nerdy  PS: As usual thanx to       teemus    for the  pointer  !  Also,  there is every chance of three different cakes ! ;-)
0	forget that...  I added the sugar...and the whole thing liquified.  I'm going to go step into traffic now.
0	Things have been really busy. I'm getting ready to go to Italy now and my kitchen is being redone. Plus Grams fell again. This time it was really bad. She cracked 3 or 4 ribs and now she cant breathe well. Theres a chance she could get pneumonia and if she does she'll die.   I went to see her today and I almost ran from the room. She was lying there with her mouth open to breathe and a rasping sound came from her throat. She started to kick violently and she tried to get up. When I looked closer she was sleeping but she was muttering under her breathe. She looked like she was about to die. She finally woke up but I could tell she was losing it. She thought she was at home and her eyes kept drifting around, not fixing on anything. She can hardly move and will be in there for a few days.   This is really close to the end.
1	Whee! Oh, I feel so happy now! I feel kinda silly too. But it's my first time ever having... these feelings. I guess I can be excused. I feel so happy right now I wanna run around the castle and hug  everybody !! I gotta find Bishop Sasarai too and tell him what happened. He's been so encouraging to me.   I don't know if I can settle down to do any of my training at the moment. Which is okay, since earlier when I was  hiding  scared, I put all the little girl thingies in the lake. My mistress says that they'll go back to their home world. She's so smart! I'm lucky to have her teaching me. I don't think she's as smart as Caesar, but... *blushes*  Speaking of him, did I mention how sweet he was when we were talking? He said he thought I was brave. I never thought of myself as brave. And he's  glad  I meant what I said. I did mean it, of course. But he's GLAD!! *rushes around excitedly*  So I'm sorry if I just randomly hug people. I'm just that happy!
1	u have no idea how proud i am, being the natural airhead that i am,to be able to think of something good like making a deviant art account! i_love_ it...  now i wouldn't have to annoy anybody if i ever wanted to submit something...   it's at :  http://takaraikarin.deviantart.com/   (and if this link won't work i'll explode...)  oh, and i currently love FAKE... i have a crush on Ken Llyod ,i think, which is wierd coz i always think he's the person that gets in between J and Ino...hahah, silly, I know... but now i think he's cute,  thinking about selling my GACKT photobook, I've made up my mind now, I'll sell it!
1	Everyone looking forward to the overnight ski trip tomorrow? Personally, I won't be skiing, I'll be  'boarding  *g*  Though having  Dad  around might put a damper on things, he'll be so preoccupied trying to keep Alvin and Simon in line that he'll forget all about us.   Colin , I know you can't ski or 'board because of your arm, but I bet you'll have just as much fun as the rest of us!  *Aimes*
1	Soo....I've been traveling alot for work lately.  This last week has been the only time this month that I have been in Minneapolis for work.  Next week isnt much different...back to Des Moines for at least three days.  Well when I am here in Minneapolis, I have the luxury of working from my house some of the time.    Well this week has been so awesome to be at home, SpikeTV has had a CIS marathon on TV...I have fallen in love with that show.  The stories are told in such a great way...hard to remember a show that has a similar look and feel.  If anyone has comparisons...please post away.  Long Live CSI!
0	Here is my weekend re-cap.  I know that it has only begun but here it goes.    I sat here and listened to music and thought of the fun everyone else was having.     RIP Bon Scott
0	(23:52:42/01.02.2003) Da Jew: ur a vampire? (23:52:49/01.02.2003) Kaero says: I bite don't I?
1	Yay, exams are over!! That was a less than fun two weeks. I don't really want to think about the results I'll get, but I guess I can worry about that in a few weeks time. For now, I'm just happy knowing that for this weekend, at least, I have no deadlines hanging over me.  GA meet yesterday was fun; I didn't stay too long because I was absolutely exhausted, but I got to speak to quite a few people, including a couple I haven't actually had a proper conversation with for a good while. I also bought the first 3 volumes of the Bleach manga, which I thoroughly enjoyed ^^. This also inspired the following doodle today coming home on the train:     ...I also just ordered from Lik-sang.com.   Naruto Gekitou Ninja Taisen 3 you are mine!!! ^_^
1	Tomorrow i turn 23!!! which means absolutely nothing!!! i think that they should assign certain privileges to these mid-twenties birthdays to give them some more significance than simply just turning another year older.  maybe at 23 you should be able to buy machettes...does that mean i would go and buy one tomorrow then?  the following is a copy of the invitation to my b-day party that i've handed out to friends:     my hair is finally getting longer - awesome - and i'm thinking about transferring to a masters program on the east coast because my school sucks more ass than the kid who always sits in the front of class. i also got a new queen size bed with a down comforter. this is a first for me, using the words "i" and "queen" in the same sentence.
1	Sometimes there are moments in life, so complete, that if it were possible to freeze them for eternity, I would.
1	Went to durham today and bought 3 pairs of new rock boots but only two pair are mine. One pair is for work, the other pair is for going out and about and the third pair is a xmas present for my bf. I need to start getting everyone elses so that i dont have to rush around to get them. Anyway i'll stop babbling now.
1	I had a great time yesterday, having been given the opportunity to see Scooby and Shaggy again. (Last time I saw them was Christmas break.) They were so happy to see me, and Shaggy almost wouldn't let me stand up. Supposedly, there are two families looking to adopt them; I'm happy for them but would definitely miss them greatly.  I haven't had time yet to post the poem I wrote for them, maybe later, I hope.
0	Yeah, it never ceases to amaze me how cheap some people can be (actually, it does. I live in New Jersey)  So I deliver to this woman in the early evening and her total is $24.90. She hands me $25 and I'm thinking "Bleh, stupid 10 cent tip" but she then HOLDS HER HAND OUT TO GET THE DIME CHANGE! IT'S A FREAKING DIME! YOU CAN'T GET A SINGLE MINI TOOTSIE ROLL FOR TEN FREAKING CENTS!!!!  But alas she was happy to have her change. And really, who am I to come down on someone's happiness?  Who am I indeed
1	OMG! We had PE today and it was really boring and all. We were in the gym again. BUT, just when we were going to leave a TV star walked in!!! All the girls giggled (according me a little bit ^^;) It was really exciting :D And awful... 'cause you don't look so nice after a PE-lesson ;)  I tried to walk pass him as normal as possible but I don't think it really worked ^^; He had his personal trainer and all! Memorable schoolday indeed &hearts;
1	going to sacrumento and chico for a week!! going up monday, be back monday. !!^_^!! everyone else went on vacation, why not me! well, im gunna go pack, leave me posts, its qool to come back to em. yo.  later people, you know youll miss me
1	yeah so im going to california... fucking awesome. just in time too, i was about to become another zombie. i wish i could of stayed two months but nooo aaron had to be an idiot and get speeding tickets. whatever, il just come bother renee next summer. yeah so i think im leaving monday. its gona effin rooock. however, im almost 100% sure that Godzilla is going to attempt to stop me from going by destroying the airport. il guess il just have to wait and see if its true.  oh yeah... to all you kids who read this here in new jersey.. all those kids who believe to be my so called "friends", i got one thing to say to you....                        Fuck You.
0	  You are Survivor.     What Chuck Palahniuk novel are you?    brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	goes out to....      mikey89   .  I love you vewwy vewwy much.  :-*
1	 http://www.intakeweekly.com/article s/5/022353-8345-157.html 
1	My Best friend... oh I've missed you so!!! We stopped talking on a consistent basis ever since my verizon phone got disconnected. But now that I'm reconnected, he's calling on a daily basis again (like he used to)=) Truthfully, this makes me gitty! I love talking to him, he's just great! He and I were having a conversation about our compatibility and why we get along so well. Conclusion is humor! We laugh about the same things, his witty comments, his corny jokes, and vice versa. I'm just so happy that "comfort" is back.
0	From voice to voice to voice i here the news. Endea has departed from our home for Lorien. I did enjoy my trip there, but to leave us for such a long time?   *sighs*  Seems in time everyone leaves. Maybe I should have gone west with my parents....  I hope his leaving was not too sad. I didn't get to say my farewells but...  I have no heart for needle and thread right now. I don't know when I will again.
1	  WHOS GOING TO THE MTV MUSIC AWARDS??????? TONITE???????? I AM!!! SO WHAT IF THEY ARE ROMANIAN AND I DONT REALLY LIKE THE MUSIC??? ITS AN AWARDS SHOW!!! AND PPL SAY LIVING HRER SUCKS.... WAHOOOO gonna look hot tonite jammin to kevin little... *let me hold you.. girl cares smy body u got me going crazyyy uhhh*      YOUR FLAVAS HOT!  
1	That's a random quote from a show called *Mythbusters* on the Discovery Channel.  I always thought it was cute, so I figured I'd add it.  My daughter's currently playing Madonna's "Material Girl" on full blast in her room.  It seems she has discovered music.  Along with this she has decided it's the only song she wants to listen to.  Current count as of today--approximately 14 playings in the past 36 hours.  I'm updating my journal because though I've been writing in my *paper* journal, it seems I can't find it right now, it's lost in a pile of notebooks in the middle of my bedroom floor.  The past few weeks I've been repainting :-)  Things are looking good and all is well here :-D  C ya later,  Lizzy
0	allergies fucking suck!!!! today sucked, i dont know why but it just did, can anyone explain why im not happy?!?!?!? if its PMS i swear to god my tubes are being tied... this shit sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	i fucking love Darts man. she is damn great. tonight was good. a dying dream did a good job even though there was a tech difficulty. i hate the girl at the teen center. what a moron! i love all my girls they make me the happiest person in the whole world. my parents are rad they came to see ryan play it was amazing. they just love him!!! i had an amazing time tonight to sum it all up...sans the moron! :) &lt;3    good night city lights.     i miss paulina!
1	Why do people act stupid i dont understand it there where a group of girls aged 10 and some druck old gypsy aged 60 started singing to them omg how bizzar then some gezzer in the tescos express was going oooooooooooooooo to his girlfriend and dancing around like a prat and in the last 24 hours i have been asked the most dumb questions such as " if you had to do one of the following for 10mill pounds which one would you do A. gain 50 pounds and keep it on for life B. falusly accuse a co worker of sexual harrasment or C. ( and this really takes the biscuit) jump naked into a dumpster full of dead hamsters??!!! omg really was this really of any use to me! gesss and now msn messenger is not working im not mad just confused at the moment lol please i want funny storys plz post here
1	 Air America Radio  launched today!!! Of course they are only starting in the top markets but there is live stream available on the page. I will defeintaly become a fan of "The O'Franken Factor".   Of course do to the high volume I am having probelms getting it to open.    Nuts to them.  On a good note our sun is rising at 6 am and setting at about 9pm. Bad news is we are getting a chill from the north and the sun's warmth is being refelxed by the snow. So we have 4 days of the temps being 45 above and now we are back to about  -20 in the evenings +10 during the day. I am so ready for spring, this light has me buzzing around the house doing cleaning.
0	i'm sick of trying to attract the right people. people say to me 'oh you just have to look and go out and meet them' it just doesn't seem to work with me. ok...i'm still not over my little stuff up with the girl i wrote about in my first post here last week. And this week...my ONLY friend, who is my best friend who i chat to reguarly decides to take an internet hiatus for a few weeks. I miss her already, she is the only one that understands me, i feel like she has dumped me like everyone else, even though she hasn't. now i feel even more lonely and bored and depressed, and no one seems to give a fuck! i'm trying to find the right people who like things i like and won't stuff me around but there seems to be no one i guess i'm too wierd for everyone. If there ARE people like this, then where are they? I'm fed up with looking and trying. 'and things will get better' nothing has! sorry i just needed to rant, things were meant to go right for this year and it's just more of the same.
0	I can't do this by myself..*tear*..won't anyone help me?!  this all sucks!..im trying to get a new apartment but i can't do this by myself..nor do i want to...but i guess its just selfish of me to ask for someones time...  anyways...  this sucks and im going to go cry now..tootles...
1	I like get togethers.  I used to think they were just a lame way of saying 'i'm having a party but i don't think anyone's going to come', but now i see the brilliance of just hanging out with a couple of people.  I must have a bush get together as soon as my feild  is free of snow and slush.  Best Parts of the Night: - The strip put-a-card-on-your-head game. (i don't think it has a name) - Getting permission from people online to smack Dave. - "She's the reason I drink" - The field - "You underestimate my nipples" - Dave's fish lighter  p.s. If I sent you an Ecard, please know that i WAS sober.  I was just in a very good mood and waiting for the boys to come in from the garage, so I decided to spread some love.
0	 Srry I didn't write earlier but not much went on... ::flop:: 
1	good morning, how are we all today, splendid?  beach bash on friday, YAY, its sooo funnest!  im going to sleep all day saturday i think.  groovin' wit my posse on da west siede yo! should be good.  i got a bookshop grant, its $150, that will cover my lab manuals and lecture note books, so thats groovey.  what does the alt button do on the keyboard?
1	Ha it's gorgeous outside again!!  So ya I have an extra ticket to the Taste Of Chaos this Friday.. It's at the Cobo and it's $35... If ur interested call or leave me a comment...  today is gonna be fun. i only work until 5 and then the hot neighbor that moved out.. is coming over to watch dane cook.. i love spreading the word of dane cook... lol im in a damn good mood... i dont think anything could bring me down today.. well maybe stupid customers...  im just really happy for some reason...whoo-hoo!!!
1	I'm leaving at 3 am tomorrow, so basically in 5 and 1/2 hours from now. Heading to Detroit, to fly to Miami, to board my cruise ship and off to the Carribean I go! Have a good March Break everyone!
1	In my vehicle, that is. Had to deal with sleet and freezing rain for the first time in the new vehicle, and had no trouble. The old Cadillac had neither working heat or reliable windshield washers, so when the windshield started to freeze over, my only option was to pull over and scrape again. That is no longer an issue.  It was also nice to have all-wheel drive when I pulled off 419. Both times now I've had to drive up the last hill on Cresthill Drive on ice/sleet, I've gone straight up.  It was definitely time to let the old Caddy retire.
1	So long, farwell, to you my friend.. goodbye for now, until we meet again!  ..i did NOT jus type the 'out of the box' theme... *shut up i babysit alot*  WILLIAMSBURG IS TOMORROW!! WOOT!  I can;t wait!  The only thing i could do w.o is the bus ride *7 hrs... yipee!*  Oh well.. Busch Gardens rocks.. i love apollos' chariot!  And King's Dominion sounds really fun (stand up roller coasters? I'M THERE! hehe) And of course, as it IS a band trip, we will be performing... only for the parade our only competition is SOUTH.  and they already won (we SUCK at parade... lol) so whatever.. but then RUSH to change for the pep rally and indoor guard performances... that should be fun... lol  So i wont be updatin' till Monday.. Miss ya all! *Mwah* ~Laura
0	Excepting that the only person I can bitch at is me.  The verdict on the car is that it needs a new engine because dumbass me didn't pay attention to regular maintenance (read oil change) like I should have.  Some lessons hurt more than others.  This one hurts $2K.
1	I'm MOVING!  We found this great apartment.  One bedroom, in Boise, air conditioning, dishwasher, free cable..... yea History Channel, only $425 a month and the best part of all...... *squeals with joy*  I get to have a dog!!!!!!!!!!  I was so bad that yesterday I went online and looked at the different dogs at the Idaho Humane Society.  I still have to wait for probably a month or two but when you have been waiting 6 years to have a dog again....... I couldn't help but look and pet the screen.    Plus, Luke and I looked at all the cats too.  We want but we have to wait for a bigger place.   Although, I swear, Luke is going to be the creep cat man down the street with a bajillion cats.     *Yeep*
0	Have noshed on an entire bag of Goldfish, my complete and total downfall!  Something happens to me when I sit down in front of the TV.  There I was watching Freaky Friday (a cute flick) when I realized I had eaten the whole bag and the movie was over!  I've got to NOT turn on the TV.  I wish there was some way to avoid the hours between 3 and 5 PM, that's when I get snack attacks.  Am thoroughly disgusted with myself.
0	R.I.P Goebbles  ?-March 20, 2005  May some archaeologist dig up your remains someday and wonder what the hell you were doing so far away from your indigenous land.
0	It is getting to that point in the season where it is hard to keep positive. So far this season we havent won a single game, in fact, we havent even came close. I also get the feeling that my team just doesnt care.  They could really care less if we win or lose. It is embarrassing when your own crowd doesnt even cheer for you and teams just consider you an easy win. People have a mind set about Washougal Volleyball and so far we havent done anything to change it. Yesterday at practice, John confronted us as a group about our attitudes. He said that he heard from some teachers that some of the girls were talking crap about our team. If we dont think we can win, then how are we supposed to win? The whole situation is absolutely ridiculous!
1	Randy called Geico insurance today to get a quote on the nissan quest. =) Turns out if I take a defensive driving class, it would be 4600 for the year. We're paying about 4K for our insurance on the Chevy anyway so that's not bad. AND....the better Quest might be doable as well. We're going tomorrow afternoon to see the guy about taking the floor model. It's a leftover 2004 but has all the options. It's fully loaded with everything! Things I don't even need like a fricken dvd player with screens that come down from the roof and everything.  He's going to try and give it to us for what we were going to take the base 2005 for. That's not a problem to me. This thing has got thousands worth of options. =) To boot, it's in the color I want too.   Soo happy and hopeful! =)
1	IT SNOWED!!!!!!!!! i am so excited u know what this means.....SLEDDING!!! haha and skiing of course duh everyone knows i live for this lol. and then going out and making snowmen adn having snowball fights adn snow angels and just being out there with this beautiful white stuff everywhere and then going inside and drinking vanilla chai hehe...man do i love that stuff but i drink it even when its not snowing hehe....
1	So, like, I bought this "iBook" thing today, and the "Airport Express", and the "AppleCare Protection Plan" today.  It's pretty neat. I like wireless networking rather quite a lot.
0	Hope everyone has a good time at FASS.  I've heard it's good this year. And a good weekend too :)  Weekends are supposed to be fun.
1	   Best wishes on the tat, and hope you have a WONDERFUL birthday!!!!  Big hugs!
0	I am wondering now if I should update this journal and keep it alive anymore. I have realised that I have been acting selfish and jelous and just plain posting awful feelings for the past 3 weeks.  -.-;
0	I feel so alone. I was talking to Bob Moffatt (or should I call you Bobby?) and we were talking about me being single and how it's best if you're not looking. It made me think and wish I had a boyfriend. I sound like Jo now (just kidding) I was so happy and giggly when I was with Rick (if you even call it a relationship) and I dunno what happened, I was fine and now I just wish I had a guy calling me saying they miss me and stuff like that. *sob* I need ice cream. ice cream makes me forget about everything.
1	I did not know Natasha Lyonne was in the third Blade movie, that made it even better. Insanely attractive Ryan Reynolds + Natasha Lyonne = Awesome.   Aaaaand, now I probably won't be in the theater again until XMas (BILL MURRAY!!!)..
0	I've only watched the  special features  on Disc 6 of S5 Angel, and my eyes are leaking, how pathetic is that - I really do miss my shows.&nbsp; Tomorrow I think I might start an attempt at a serious essay delving into why  Buffy  and  Angel 'hooked' me,  because I think I  really  need to write it, if only for me.
1	  So here we go...      &nbsp; Went to the mall today and bought the stuff I needed to, along with some new cds. Read some more of my book Starship Troopers by Robert A. Heinlein *Highly Recommened*. Ate at the dining hall and the Hub, which is good, because my parents bought a bunch of meals and I rarely use them. No classes today (wednesday) So not alot happened.       &nbsp;     Talked to Jess for a bit today and had a great time. I know that sounds weird, but if you knew us, you'd know what I mean. Its was rough for a while, but I think we're through that, which is good, because I dont know what I'd do without her. I miss her alot when I'm at school, but it cant be helped and it makes the time we spend together that much better.     &nbsp;    5+ hours without a cigarette and counting!!! 
1	Actually, this may very well be my last ever LiveJournal post.  Why?  Well, it could have something to do with the fact that I'm writing my own blog stuff.  In fact, it probably does.  Until I get  http://www.dreamersvale.net/  set up, take a peek at  http://dewin.f2o.org/dk/ 
0	God damnit.  Why can't anything go right... JUST FOR ONE FUCKING DAY?  Meh. I give up. Why bother trying when I'm just going to fail at it anyway. I TRIED but I guess thats not good enough aye?  I don't think I'm going to make it much longer.
1	I think the final battle with Naraku's very close now. The whole group is gathered on place. The only players missing now are Naraku and Kouga. Everyone else is gathering. It's very exciting.
1	OMG! MICK FOLEY KICKS A$$!!!!!!   *MWAH!*    COACH IS FIRED!! HE LOST!!  LA RESISTANCE IS FIRED!!!  SCOTT STEINER AND TEST ARE FIRED!!!!!  COULD MICK FOLEY BE ANYMORE OF A GENIUS!!!!!!!!!!!    WOW. CHRISTIAN AND JERICHO ARE FUCKING ASS HOLES!!!  *KILLS THEM BOTH FOR HURTING MY TWO FAVORITE DIVAS*  SHAWN MICHAELS IS REALLY OLD.......  SHUSH NOW! GOLDBERG'S ON. BITCH!!   MICK FOLEY IS MY GOD!! MICK FOLEY IS MY GOD!!! MICK FOLEY IS MY GOD!!!!!  BISCHOFF IS A JACK-OFF!!!!  I'm done now...*whew*
1	Hello! Just another brief update on my lovely, lovely, opera thing before i jet off for day three!   highlights: - i get to be a hooker in sweeney todd :)) huzzah! - every one has a solo, EVEN ME wah i'm so scared. at least it's only one line :)) - we wandered around south bank at lunch, clicking and dancing (well. robbie was dancing.) and singing songs from West Side Story - after which i changed everyone's ring tone to Sweeney Todd :)) - i bought my book about "art, letters and music in the jazz age" which is pretty (Y) - i have developed a deep love for the city cat - i cannot express the greatness of this crowd  okay! off now for day three! huzzah!
1	  So i just ordered a pair of noise canceling headphones and wow I love them!  I mean think of the possibilities...   Sitting anywhere in complete silence, drowning out friends and family when they won't stop yapping! Oh ya i'm going to love these   
1	There is a nest of fresh green acacia leaves in the big tree outside of my office window, and in this nest is a family of squirrels.  We've counted three babies.  They're strong little things and are already scrambling around the tree.  Imagine having a vertical babyhood.
0	As seen in the LJ of       tashar   -         I'm a Gungan!            Famous fellow members of my species:   Jar Jar Binks, Boss Nass, Otoh Gunga    My species' special abilities:   Breathe underwater, water engineering, weaponry    My species' general role:   Battling land-based Naboo, warring with neighbors    Movies my species is in:   Episode I-III and VI     What Star Wars species would  you  be?     Mee-sah no likin' 'dis quiz...
1	8 months, 2 weeks, and 3 days... i guess u could say im kind of excited to get a new start... but i wont forget about anyone!
0	You ever find that one song that put what your feeling into words. Well here's mine.  "Tourniquet"  i tried to kill the pain but only brought more i lay dying and i'm pouring crimson regret and betrayal i'm dying, praying, bleeding and screaming am i too lost to be saved am i too lost?  my God my tourniquet return to me salvation my God my tourniquet return to me salvation  do you remember me lost for so long will you be on the other side or will you forget me i'm dying, praying, bleeding and screaming am i too lost to be saved am i too lost?  my God my tourniquet return to me salvation my God my tourniquet return to me salvation  i want to die!!!  my God my tourniquet return to me salvation my God my tourniquet return to me salvation  my wounds cry for the grave my soul cries for deliverance will i be denied Christ tourniquet my suicide          Yep, that about fits.
1	Yesterday's visit to London was wonderful. It so nice to spend time with friends.   Isn't that what Christmas is all about?  But here I am, back at Hogwarts with a completely empty hospital. At least it gives me some time to sort things out before everyone returns after the holiday. I need to stockcheck all my supplies to make sure I have everything I need, and I know that there are quite a few potions that need preparing. Draco is staying for the holiday, so I might ask him to help if he's not too busy enjoying himself.  I think I will go into Hogsmeade later if it doesn't snow any more. There is a sale on at Gladrags, and I'm hoping that Dervish & Banges will finally have in the self-stirring cauldron I ordered nearly a month ago.
1	      bluekitsune    and I are just finishing up soft boiled eggs (c/o Sunshine Farm, Stuarts Draft) with double Applewood smoked bacon (c/o German Gourmet, Falls Church) with slices of fresh toasted Campagne (c/o Ambrosia Bakery, Nellysford).  Yum!  It will be even better when       akahabby    and       reabhecc    get here tonight.
1	 I had the best birthday weekend. Thanks to everyone that made it special! I am making so many new friends here on LJ. A special hello to       may_lyn    and       synzer0    . You all are the greatest! I didn't know I needed to make so many&nbsp;new friends but have found I did and I am happy. You all rock!     I had the best day e-mailing a friend of mine back and forth. Mike you are so sweet and special!     I love all of you!    &nbsp; 
1	Ahh, spring semester is finally here. My classes are held in a large 300 occupancy lecture hall. First day of class nearly every chair was filled, however now it's down to a little more than half. Maybe my speech about the amount of reading required for class, or the "three absences and you fail" policy scared away students. I don't mind. I would rather have a small group that wants to learn, then a large group of slackers. Quality over quantity.   +Private+ Saki has been very good lately. I am thinking about getting her a pet. Fish, hamster, cat...I'm not sure yet. I'll have to discuss this with my wife later.
1	Started the work experience with HMV on Monday and its pretty cool most of my time is spent in the stockroom doing general stuff.   On friday I got hold of a copy of Nosferatu and just sat about watching it while drinking 3 pints of snakebite and black which gave me a massive hangover the next morning. On saterday I went round the Pickerel in an attempt to drink off my hangover and ended up spending the night round Baz's place watching event horizon.  Ok thats my lunch hour almost over so I'd better be heading back to HMV.
0	I got this from       sarahtdl              Cassie Harding Osborne's Aliases       Your movie star name:  Popcorn Verl       Your fashion designer name is  Cassie Cane       Your socialite name is  Cutie        Your fly girl / guy name is  C Osb       Your detective name is  Cat Millard       Your barfly name is  Crackers None       Your soap opera name is  Harding Center       Your rock star name is  Rollos Plane       Your star wars name is  Casosi Osbpau       Your punk rock band name is The  Depressed Spoon          The Amazing Meganame Generator    
1	Monika and I saw Spiderman 2 this afternoon, which was a great movie.  It's a long movie though, so if you go and see it don't make the same mistake I did, which was drinking all my pop at the beginning of the movie.  I am leaving tomorrow morning for Seattle, I'm excited.  I have never been to Seattle before, so I can't wait to see it.  I love travelling, I think that's part of the reason why I want to be a journalist.  I should be back in a week or so.
1	   I adopted a cute lil' cow fetus from Fetusmart! Hooray fetus!        yeah... my "little xiao hei bai" is born on the 24th April 2004     thot of training myself to be more responsible. just came across a webby and adopted this little thing. it's kinda cute and it's with black and white stripes. currently thinking of a name for it. and i thot of might as well make full use of  what has been been right before me. and i named it after it's body colour  as "little black white" = xiao hei bai  looks kinda alright to me. quite innovative huh? hehex feeling alright and nice... great-grandma staying with me currently... living together harmoniously... with a new maid with us...  things has been going smoothly these days.
1	YYEYY!!  I'm so excited! Our CD comes out today!!  I hope it will do really well, and that everyone likes it.  *SQUEES*  I don't even know what else to say cuz I'm just so excited!!!  WWWWWOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	Today was a hard day.. Sophia, my old head teacher, left today. There were a lot of tears.. and lot of presents. From me, it was aletter. I've never seen her cry so much.. I've never had to fight so hard not to cry at work in my life. Its just so weird...thinking about working there without her. Sophia made the place fun.. she made me enjoy my job while I was with her. yeah, she aggrivated me a lot sometimes, but.. ya know.. she was the only real friend I made there besides Lindsey.. and Lindsey and I are quitting on the same day.   Not only that.. but Bryce dropped too.. I loved him. He was my favorite in the 3s class. I wanted to go around and get a picture of everyone before I left.. and I won't have one of Sophia or Bryce.. *sighs* just a sad day. I'll be okay, just sucks. I really.. really hate goodbyes. I don't even want to think about my last day.. it'll be so bittersweet..
0	Well, I am back online using a laptop computer that I am borrowing.   I don't like my job. It's just too stressful. I just don't have any idea what else I could do. There isn't much more that I could do with a degree in psychology I think. Other jobs in the field pay even less unless I go to get a more advanced degree. And on that note, I think I really do need to get more education, because it feels like I wasted my time in college right now. I am just not sure what to study. I never have been. All throughout elementary school, middle school, high school, college, and until now I have never been sure of what I wanted to do. I don't seem to be particularly good at doing anything useful.
1	I'm this too!! ^_^     You Are Cinderella!        Dignified and hard working. With a gentle and soft-spoken manner you have something many people don't. Patience. Even through the moments of heartbreak you're still able to hold onto all of your hopes and dreams. Bide your time; you're dream will come true.     Which Disney Princess Are You?  
1	go me. Words rock.           You scored as  Verbal/Linguistic . You have highly developed auditory skills, enjoy reading and writing and telling stories, and are good at getting your point across. You learn best by saying and hearing words. People like you include poets, authors, speakers, attorneys, politicians, lecturers and teachers.       Verbal/Linguistic             96%       Musical/Rhythmic             79%       Intrapersonal             57%       Visual/Spatial             54%       Bodily/Kinesthetic             54%       Interpersonal             43%       Logical/Mathematical             43%        The Rogers Indicator of Multiple Intelligences   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	Hunter S. Thompson is dead. Johnny Cash is dead. Bill Hicks is dead. Joe Strummer is dead. Stanley Kubrick is dead. John Lennon is dead. Kurt Cobain. Ray Charles. Billy Wilder. Nick Drake. Orson Welles.  Tonight is a sad night.  That top one I just found out about, and it made the realizations of all the others flood in.  I wonder if I'll get to meet any of my heroes before they die.
1	yesterday was the last of my baking class Yah!!!! it was getting to be such a bore cuz the ingredients we used are the same and the method is the same too &gt;_&lt;  so we finished and i did really study anyway da nya~ and my friends from there are so~ nice and they wanna go out soon too da nya~  finished d/l Prince of tennis til 115 liao hahahaha i'm evil and a piracy supporter anyway if i had the $$ i rather get the originals but now i have good ole fiona to burn from i lend you my stuff too :)  i'm too cute to be true ( hahahaha , sorry my ego just burst onto screen)  shiv , are you still sick? wanna go jogging soon ya  friday gg to queensway and playing tennis too :) if i can i think i'd be happy to play tennis 7 days a week da nya~  i'm just so happy with my status quo now da nya~  can someone teach me to post pics up here haha html nut here
1	As much as I dislike war, politics, etc.. I can't help but still read things about it all, since it's a part of all of our lives, regardless..  Sometimes you read bad news.. Sometimes things change.. Sometimes though, you can find even goodness in times of conflict..  Meet  "Lava" , a part German Shepherd, part Husky puppy, found on the streets of Fallujah and adopted by a Hawaiian Marine (and since, brought back to his new owners home in Southern California).     And then an after piccie..     Quite cute photos.. And a cute pup as well. It's good to read some good things from time to time..
0	The Village was a huge letdown.  I am going to bed.  Bah.
1	wow, i am feeling a lot better, that is in terms of energy, im still REALLy congested, but thats ok cuz, i'll still be able to do the CAZ diner tomorrow! i am sooo glad i didnt go to school today! going to school was just delaying my recovery   AND i learned to do 'inverse functions' All By Myself!!!!!!! (and Hotmath.com)...arent you  proud  of me???? i am.  and i got dresden dolls tix. AND ive been to the Great American Music Hall before!! i went there with Wen! isnt that exciting?? that is a helksa tight preformance space! i am soo Jazzed!
1	Haven't updated in...months eh? NOT MUCH HAS CHANGED, Y'KNOW, SCHOOL, ALL OF THAT. But, IMPORTANTLY, i'm with Jasmine again and it rocks the house...yo~! Sup.
1	Reasons I am happy  1. I made up with one of my closest friends after having my feelings hurt  2. I am having my scar lasered, a three course therapy for free by my kick ass dermatology friends  3. I only will owe $16,000 for my nine years of higher education and four letters after my name
0	every bloddy day i just sit in my room, realise ive got a life to take care of and the attend a stupid interview and get depressed. its a daily routine now. i beat all odds today as i was the only one among 7 to not make it through. the reason : i have no clue about anything even remotely connected to mechanical engineering. i dont feel sorry for myself instead i get disgusted by the very fact that i am a part of the best techincal institute in the country when i should be doing something else. i guess not many people will know how chronic depression can get to u. after a couple of whiskey quarts i begin to reflect on my 4 years that i have spent at iit and i end up with a null set. what have i achieved or learnt- nothing. i deserve nothing. i should have believed my dad when he mentioned that tuff times were ahead of me as i m now in the influence of saturn. it gets u for 7 years supposedly  i cant write anymore.
1	Happy Birthday to me!  Happy Birthday to me! hehe  Its good to have guests home some times a year,  then I get to clean my house..... LOL
0	 Salt pond effort suffers setback   FOULED WATER RELEASED INTO BAY  Government efforts to restore salt ponds around San Francisco Bay to healthy wetlands earned an embarrassing black eye Tuesday, with the disclosure that state and federal officials released millions of gallons of contaminated water into the bay last summer in violation of their environmental permits.  Starting in July, and continuing for nearly two months, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service released water from former Cargill salt evaporation ponds near Mountain View, Sunnyvale and Alviso into the bay with levels of dissolved oxygen up to 20 times lower than a state permit required.   (blah, blah blah) 
0	yeah so last night sucked cuz i got in a huge fight with my dad becuase i said something mean to my mom and he got really mad and yeah, it just sucked and then tommy called and he was REALLY upset cuz that kd who died at durant was a freind of his so i talked to him for a while and we were bothreally upset but whatever. so we talked until midnight-ish and i ddin't got to school today cuz i have a really ba migrane. i used to get them all the time in 6h grade but not in 7th or 8th but now they're back and it hurts like a mother.   neways...1st colorguard practice was yesterday. very fun. hilary gave us all lollipops! lol...  i'll go now. bye.  *z0e*
0	Well my dreams are comming to an end.  If I can't find a job by the end of this month I have to move back in with my mom and step-dad.  I know I won't be able to for some unknown reason.  So I might as well start packing now.  Signing off,  One depressed wolf-phoenix
1	Whee... finally saw PoA tonight. It was wicked cool. They changed some stuff, but that was okay. The only thing that bugged me was that they never explained who made the map. I had to explain that to my mom in the car... she was all like "What? I don't get it." Then after she got it I had to re-explain it to my dad because he wasn't listening and wanted to know what we were talking about. XD  I caved and installed The Sims on my computer. -_- It kind of sucks, because we have five expansions... but Superstar is horribly scratched and won't work, Hot Date messes up the computer and the skins, and I don't like Vacation. So... I installed two. Making Magic and Unleashed. But you know what's cool? my sister bought them all. So I'm not really out anything if two of the discs don't work. :D I intended to play today, but... spent the entire afternoon downloading skins. -_- It takes a while to find good ones. But I found a site with really good Final Fantasy VIII skins, so that was cool.
0	How did anything let this happen? Since when did the spiral widen and swallow me whole?  I feel so wrong.  -l
1	 http://www.megagames.com/news/html/pc/k azaasuesriaa.shtml 
1	There's a new Ben Lee and a new Fiona Apple CD coming out!  Yippi!    I did confocal microscopy training yesterday.  That microscope is incredible.  I mean incredible.  I saved a 3D movie of a section I made with two labels but it's too giant to post here.  The scope is on a pneumatic table--all the objectives are controlled by the computer, as are the lasers (good thing...heeh), even the bright field.  It has a 40X and 63X water objective.  It's really amazing.
1	Guess who got accepted into the National Honors Society?? ME! Hoo ha.  Is there no school tomorrow??  Why don't people tell me these things??!  I've felt really asexual lately.. Like I never need to date again. Is that wiggy or what? Or maybe all single people say that.. ^-^''
1	I dyed my hair with jo today. wishi had a camera so i could take a pic.  i dunno where that went to  i like it. :-)
0	President?  What President?  I've officaly declared that America has no president.
1	cologne university accepted me, honorable mention from the general, $100 sports-authority gift-certificate, sold my car and majda took me to e-street cinema to see "born in brothels".
1	Okay.. who was honestly shocked when Ethan got shot?  I literally jumped and gasped... but on one hand, wasn't surprised that Charlie did it.  I guess I expected him too.... I just didn't think it'd be right then in front of everyone else.  It was great to see the group get the upper hand.. guns drawn! :D  Anyone think Sawyer will really hurt Jack next week?
1	        we went to wyoming last night...                               thats what we got...                                              i booked my ticket for oklahoma... april 9th is the day                                xxxoxoxxx   emily 
1	Encore Dance Competition this weekend! I'm dancing at 4:20 on Saturday and 11:50 on Sunday. At the BTI Center. Stop by and show some love if you can! Wish us luck! We're so gonna kick ass. I hope. Platinum all the way baby!
1	It's warm enough to go to a water park today!  Spring is here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	what a presence. i've never been in the company of someone who, by speaking one word, can surround an entire room--audience--with the gentle, powerful waves of his voice. until now, that is.   i did my british-accent monologue from  teeth n' smiles ...it went fairly well, though i could have mimed the cigarette and been a bit more natural. but the lines went terrifically. moreover,  he complimented me on my accent! he mentioned that if i were to do it in the UK, that they'd assume i was a native who'd spent some time in the states. it's a start.   i don't want to be someone else other than me.  but i love britain. is that such a crime?   brilliance, today. id'in it?
1	OMG....today was awesome James came shopping with me!!!We had a great time!! I hadnt seen him in like a week so it was really great to see him!!You know me and James so we are totally crazy the entire day lol it was great!!So as you can see James survied the family and shopping with me and he did great he was so patient aww....hes so great and i love him soo much!!! I was so glad we went today bc i got to see James and it gave ne something to do so i wasnt bored all day!!!The best part is though my parents love James so its all good!! Well thats about it so ill update tomorrow c-ya!!   Love ya, ~*!*Sarah*!*~
0	The single I missed before "Killing Me", "Jiyuu he no Shoutai", isn't nearly as bad, but it's still more or less an imitation of themselves. Tetsu at least has some good bass lines in it, and the chorus isn't quite as gimmicky as the rest of the song (and MUCH more tolerable then "Killing Me") But it's still fairly plastic, and quite a sham.   I think I'll just skip thier album this year. Or at least download it before I buy it. :/
1	Every girl wants a man that she can go to in her sweats,  hair a mess, makeup running down her face, eyes red from crying  and the first thing he says to her is               "baby, your beautiful"                       and means it.   *stole that from Jo's profile. :)*   peace.
0	*sigh * yeah as a Christian, I don't think I have ever had to defend my faith this much in such a short time period.  Just all weekend, I've been pounded away at over and over.  I know its because satan wants me not to share the light and fill my mind with doubt... I cried on the way home pondering all of that, just saddened for the lost... *sigh*
1	have you ever just felt so good, had one of those days when you never want it to end, you just want to sit in the sand and rocks all day and rummage through em with jack... well at least thats what i want to do...
1	"Ah, it feels good to be home."  That's what I said when I walked back into my residence hall, which just goes to show you how fast you can adjust to living at school.  That's not to say I didn't enjoy visiting my family back in good ol' Westford (just don't tell them the only reason I wanted to go back was to see Alex :-P). Also, I picked up a tiny, cheap digital camera known as a "pencam," so I can document my life on LiveJournal.  As you can see, me and the girlie had a grand time:     Aside from that, I had a little fun myself with my spy camera:     She was not amused:     I'll keep everyone posted via my new pencam!
0	I can't believe it's already August!  I've been so busy with my life that the summer flew by.  I didn't go online for 10 days.  I had over 100 e-mails waiting for me. argh!  Well, How are all of my LJ friends?  I'm doing well.  I was dating someone for a few months, but we broke it off last Wednesday.  I'll probably be online a lot more now since I won't have a life.  :(  I'm looking forward to chatting with you all again.    Love, Jane
1	Rawr! Updating tim.Fun stuff.So,lots has happened ..im back in school.It's going rather well.I just got a jorb :P. Oh, and my bud mike came back from cali to visit.It was awesome i got hella trashed.Then , I met a cool chic n am going to her costume partay.Woo! Tons a parties are around the corner..next sat ..and the 30th ..so if anyone wants to come along ..gimmie a rang.Yeah, and who is everyone voting for.I..am not voting at all.I missed registration.Bummer! If i had to vote tho..Kerry for sure.And don't try and debate me.It's pointless.But, yeah..nothing else to say but if you were not at the fob show..i feel bad for you.because it wasawesome..(wink wink ..marysol..)
0	so yesterday was blah...  went to the Mall...that was fun :) though I do hate Bra shopping with a passion....didn't find a thing in my size...stupid breasts....they are tooo freaken big....  then went to Italian fest....too tired to really have much fun...  then took a nap...  got up and wanted to see that movie, "Sky Captian and the World of TOmorrow", but Joel wanted to go and check out this party.....yeah that sucked...left after 10 minutes....never got to see the movie....prolly wont be able to today either....*sigh* maybe next weekend....  oh well...off to go and check random boreds and stuff...
1	its kinda weird for the first time i feel is pretty good.joe slept over last night and is tonight with me at my brothers house.I got to see megan.It made me happy. now me and joe are watching family guy.so yea life is kool.
0	 I  want  to be   pretty.      I'm crying   so   hard, looking at thinspiration.    I   just   want to be pretty,    and   thin  .     Thinner  then  thin .    And I want Sean   back  .    But  only   pretty ,  thin  girls will   get      him.    
1	Well, nothing much has been happening for the past few days. I finally got my mom to go running with me and pretty much every night, we've been running around the neighborhood. Exercise makes me feel better about myself. We've also been doing sit-ups afterwards. Needless to say, I've been really sore for the past week. Today though, my whole family participated in one of the things that I love: shopping! We went to Kohl's and loaded up with all kinds of goodies. However, one of the best things happenned in the afternoon. Paula called and said that she and her family were going to the 10:30 mass at Signal Mtn. b/c of Father Peter which means that afterwards they're coming over to my house! YAY! You know, b/c I haven't seen Paula in a week. hehe....  Anyhoo, I'm outie!
1	today was good! i was really busy, and that was good! im almost done with my panhellenic app! im ciked, i really want the position now! my psych class was cancelled today! yayyy  hehe i vandalised meaghan and katies door :)  im having a good day!!!! woot woot!   me nad cara had an awesome time at sonic! we had some perverted fun!! wooohoooo hehe elck and wp ;)  yup, hw time!
1	yay! this is the big night folks! lol my grande party is coming closer and closer...and theres gunna be alot of ppl there nad alot of liquor there...is kinda like heaven! even jammmmieeeeeeeeeeeeeee(my boyfriend by the way!!!!!!!:D) is gunan be there too..i hope...BUT van isnt getting his jeep...so i dont know what the hell that is gunna cause tomorrow morning...anyways...im gunna go now! see ya later!(L)
0	Pete is going to come to the dealership with me and help me clean out my little car.  $500 of trade-in money, and that's it.  The car is dead.  It was a good little car.  Small, purple, and highly maneuverable - so I christened it the White Star.  It drove me to countless homes, parties, and gatherings of all sorts.  It drove me to graduate school and to two different jobs.  It drove me around after I'd had knee surgery and shouldn't have been driving.  And it drove me from Waltham to Springfield and back, 4 days a week for 3 months, 180 miles a day.  For me, a car is not just a means of transportation; it is a living symbol of my independence.  It represents my ability to do anything for myself, and to do it handily and with pleasure.  This particular car enabled me to bring myself out of Egypt, metaphorically speaking.  I shall miss it.
1	I was wondering, is there anyway I could get Escape from Mars?  I read on a website that Michael Shanks is in it.  I live in England so I'm not sure how to get hold of it.   XXXXXXX (to anyone who can solve my Problem)
0	been sad, and for thoes of you lucky enuft not to read my crazy rant #3 last night  [that i then locked after comeing to realty and thought it best not to threaten people on the net]  and see how depressed i am  earlyer i keeped eating and eating untill i puked [which isn't good] and just now i puked up my dinner because i dranked to much milk just now [like 4 cups of it]  and -no- i'm not doing it on perpised, i'm realy not, i just get hungry when sad......  burned the tip of my ring finger realy bad today also.....don't ask how, i just did  going to the movies tomorow with some firends, i hope that helps me...  god i'm so alone  -NeKo
1	How I love being on leave.  Yesterday I bought copies of *The Lone Gunmen* and *Jeremiah* and I found a copy of Boswell's journals.  In the afternoon I went to UWA and photocopied an article on racial conceptions of Irishness and another on the local battles of the 1460s in Yorkshire.  I think I'll save those for when I'm back at work next week.  If only I could be on leave all the time....
1	I played the sims game today and I was so happy because my sims wanted another kid so I adopted one. It is a little black boy and his name is Berje and he looks cute for a little boy. I am so happy and I am going to play it later on today or maybe tomorrow.
1	 CONGRATS LIV   Liv has a baby boy!! YaY I was so excited about the whole 'Liv is getting a baby' thought and now she has a son!  I'm happy for her :D I bet it's a lovely boy.  My internet still sucks, sometimes it doesn't work at all, very annoying! Mi is fine btw, just very very tired had a long day today. Hope all you guys are okay :D  Bubi me girlies Love xxxxx
1	:) i love you! school can suck my ass. today is a beautiful day, too beautiful to be confined. instead of snow days, they should have awesome weather days. :) like today. so we can run around and be free and not lose what little is left of our childhood before life takes it over and we become slaves to the work force.   live! today!
1	Yay!! camp is finally over! i had a really fun time and met a lot of new friends and cant wait till next summer. tomorrow im leaving for san fransisco for the weekend. im gunna miss all my friends, especially ashley, im gunna miss her a lot and call her every day like she did when she went to san diego.  well, im gunna go, ill c ya all on tuesday!!  i love ashley!!
1	So I havn't posted in awhile... so here's a quiz!  I thought I was a bit more emo than that but eh whatever, who cares we are all going to die anyways...       I AM 66% EMO!      Well.. I've made the cut!  Now I'll go buy some promise rings and knit myself a sweater.   Take the EMO test at Fuali.com     
1	Man has it been awhile the week was pretty sweet xrax played and were very good I saw richie's new band practice and they are going to be amazing seriously.  hung out with richie last night and just chilled we watched the girl next door and it was actually pretty good.  today is Phil and Jaci day it should be pretty fun considering i havent hung out with her in like over a week.  so not really much happening kinda bummed that kevin might be moving. I love that kid he is one of those people who can put a smile on my face no matter what if he does move he will be greatly missed.
0	Is anyone else having issues with being able to stay logged onto AIM lately? More than the usual merry-go-round, I mean? The past few nights it's been kicking me off almost as soon as I log on... *sigh*
1	If there is at least one person in your life whom you consider a close friend, and whom you would not have met without the Internet, post this sentence in your journal.  (Hugs to Dan Betts, yo. ^_^)  The last few... I'm giving up on you guys: 1. "Had to find that go-to guy. Shoulda started with a go-to girl, Jack!" - DB Sweeney in  The Cutting Edge  9. "If you break her heart... I will kill you with my bare hands... or vicious, vicious rhetoric."  - Topher Grace in  Win a Date With Tad Hamilton  19. "On drums... Spazzy McGee." - Jack Black in  School of Rock  20. "LOUD NOISES!" - Steve Carell in  Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy   16 out of 20 ain't bad.
1	I am very happy hooray.  I like long good talks that end in smiles and giggles and kisses hooray for them.  That is all I have to say  I AM HAPPY.
0	Hey, I was just onstage with The Unicorns.  It was pretty cool.  Why is it, that when I finally find someone who likes me back, I always have to fuck it up?  Why can't I just find someone who feels the same way I do about them?????  Everyone else seems to be able to do this, even if it usually ends up in breakup.  I just... don't... get it.  I actually wasn't sure for a little while that I made the right choice by breaking up with Kim but then I read "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" again at least the part about Mary Elizabeth and it helped me feel a little more justified.  Seriously though, everytime I find someone where I'm like, "hey, we have a lot in common, I like talking to her, and PLUS I am really super-attracted to her" it always turns out that she doesn't like me back?  At least I am used to the disappointment now so it doesn't hurt as much as it used to.  arprgmgmiprgmarg
0	It's confirmed that Dimebag Darrell was shot and killed on stage in Columbus, OH.  His personal security guard was killed, a bouncer was killed and the gunman was killed.  Darrell was shot point blank 5 times and bled to death.  The tour manager and Bobzilla were both shot but are both alive.    And to add to the creepiness, Darrell was shot on the anniversary of John Lennon being assassinated.    Sad to say the least.  I was a huge Pantera fan, and had always held out hope for a possible reunion.    I can't even imagine how Vinnie Paul feels.  Seeing his own brother get shot and killed right in front of him onstage, that has to be about as devastating as it gets.  RIP Dimebag
0	Hello everybody I know that I haven't updated in a while so I am going to do that tonight. I finally got to go back to work at the Taft College Children's Center *does a little dance*. Everthing has been going pretty good until today I foung out this morning that my grandpa has to have triple bypass heart surgery tomorrow afternoon but I know that everthing is going to be ok. Well that is just about all so I am going to go to bed. Talk to everybody soon.
1	This ball is going to be great. No one's going to know who I am.
1	that's right kiddies, i have semagic and a computer from this century again, stand by for the belly button lint catalogue and other exciting adventures
1	so today was great, i got out of school at 10:20 and came home to meet shane here...then we went and got some lunch. we came back to my house for awile so i could get stuff done then went and got cd's. i got rascal flatts...exciting. :-) anyways, i hope tonight is good. :-D tty all later, have a good night.
0	crying and freezing and lonely and dying and wondering and dreaming and hoping and praying and falling and hating and loving again.l
1	If anyone is in the UK, check out this gig I'm hoping to go to by the Ukulele Orchestra of Great Britain at the HalfMoon Putney, in London.    Go here to book tickets:   http://www.ticketweb.co.uk/user/?re gion=uk&query=detail&event=113935&interface=halfmoon   or here to look at the UOGB:   http://www.ukuleleorchestra.com/   They look pretty awesome!
1	I swear I'm not dead. Though half of you wouldn't know it.  News: I may be getting a cell phone soon. It'll be a cheapie, but a nice cheapie that'll let me talk all throughout Norcal and the bay area with unlimited minutes. Plus call waiting, caller i.d., and voice mail. :) I'll hand out numbers when I get it, k?  News: Got an iPod. Her name is Podlette. She's cute and shiny and holds up to 20 GB of songs. I love her like I love bisquick. And that's a lot.  News: I'm HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY that life is great. And I'm so glad that I happily surprised Caddye and Max last night. :D  News: No news! Now, Happy!
1	SNOW! SNOW! It's all white outside! *jumps up and down*  OK, I know I need a life. But I'm snowed in out here. Snow! *runs out to make snow angels*
1	AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  My new computer will be built by Friday night! WHEEE! Mr. Beagle is so nice to surprise me with a new pc. I splurged and spent some money on new speakers and a new wireless optical mouse and keyboard set (my old one was a roller ball mouse and one of the first wirelss sets from logitech) Those came in today and I had  to hook them up and play with them even if it is on the old pc, lol. Now UPS just needs to bring me my DAMN RAM! grr...  Yes, I am a nerd. A nerd who loves her very sweet husband. Also a nerd who is going to go work on said husbands website for him. He has just sat down by me so now it is time to work....ya'll have a good night!
0	i would have called you, but they never left, sorry.  CALL ME CALL ME  Words By: Tim Jensen  Vocal: Steve Conte   I close my eyes and I keep seeing things Rainbow waterfalls sunny liquid dream Confusion creeps inside me raining doubt Gotta get to you But I don't know how Call me, Call me Let me know it's alright Call me, call me Don't you think it's 'bout time Please won't you call and * Ease my mind Reasons for me to find you Peace of mind What can I do to get me to you I had your number quite some time ago Back when we were one But I had to grow Ten thousand years I've searched it seems and now Gotta get to you Won't you tell me how Call me, Call me Let me know you are there Call me, call me I wanna know you still care Come on now won't you * Repeat Ease my mind Reasons for me to find you Peace of mind Reasons for living my life Ease my mind Reasons for me to know you Peace of mind what can I do to get me to you
1	Naomi called me this afternoon to say that we have the tickets to see the Lion King at the 1'O clock matinee session this coming Wednesday *does a little dance* I so cannot wait. We're going to book the bus and train tickets this Saturday. We've got pretty good seats as well. Naomi and I are in row L and the seat numbers are 14 and 13.   I loved the Lion King when I saw it last, so I know it is going to be good this coming round.
0	why is it that everytime i see a picture of guys kissing, i get depressed? its like... nowhere near the ....feeling... i should get seeing guys kissing, but i get depressed thinking "god, i want a boyfriend" it sucks.....
1	I have some good news tonight - I know when I'm going to see Jason again! We've arranged some time at the end of May/beginning of June - he's going to come here because once I have the paperwork filed I can't visit the US until I get the visa, and I certainly plan to have that paperwork done before June!  He hasn't booked his flight ticket yet, but we booked tickets to go to an Elton John concert in Coventry on the 11th June, so he's definitely coming over. (and we did check the flight prices - they're affordable.) We also have plans to go to Liverpool, London, and a bunch of other places - we'll finalise all this later on.  Right now I'm just happy to know when I'll be seeing the love of my life again. :)
0	        Well, two of them anyway.         &nbsp;    Dark Tranquilitys - Damage Done. Mmmmmm...I love this Cd.    &nbsp;         &nbsp;    and Tiamat - Prey    &nbsp;    I won't be able to stop listening to Tiamat for a very long time now. 
1	I'm now the proud owner of my own home! Well, my bank is anyway. Put in a final offer today, against another bidder who offered the same, and mine won. At least, I assume there was really another bidder... and it wasn't just some story to make me pay more :) Still have to sign all the documents and sort out the legal stuff and loan, but I should be moving in sometime in January. Then it's time to worry about furniture, bills and cooking...  Sort of following the US election. Tonight's best Fox News slip of the tongue - "I trust those results, it's not like something on the television... telephone." Ah well... at least Australia won't be the only screwed-up country for the next few years :)
1	I'm at Missy Massey's right now. Tami is doing some crazy dancing behind me. Freak. bahhh do dee da. Spring Break has been really fun so far. partay. We moved. It's taking foreverrrr to get everything put away. But, everything else has been really good. We're leaving for Panama tomorrow at 5 am. i'm exhausted. Me, Elizabeth, Erin, and TamTam. Ash is already down there. It's gonna be sooo much fun. I cannot wait!! Everyone's down there. We get back Saturday. Hope all of yall have an awesome spring break!!!
0	What can you do for a 3 month old with a terrible cold besides suffer?  Phoebe has her first cold and she's miserable:*(
1	woo fall out boy &lt;3 (      let_it_burn   )  also - i have an interview in the tinderbox tomorrow morning. i love that place.
1	ba bada DA na na na NAH NAH na na na NAH na na na na naaaaaa.....  whatever.  anyway  I'm leaving the freezing temperatures of NH and heading for the less freezing temperatures of CT. Homeward bound 342: a love story. ummmmmmmmmm....so i'm excited cuz i get to see mark and ivy and my mommy and matthew and my other my mommy and samantha and i'm sad cuz kevin isn't going to cook yummy food for me but its okay because being home is good enough for me. but i'm also happy that i get to stay at matt's house that is unless of course he makes me mad and i have to go home to my empty house. i love him and today is his birthday so Happy Birthday Matt. (He is 21. I'm so excited. I don't think he is tho)  yay...one more class and a 3 hour drive and i am home...
1	So this afternoon I went looking for apartments. I took Kelly Clute with me, since she pretty much knew what she was doing; she already went through this. We drove all over Mount Pleasant until she suggested we go check Jamestown and see what they have available. She had heard there was single person places available. We went and checked it out. I was pretty much amazed at what I saw when I walked inside. The living area was pretty decent, the kitchen was a good size, and the bedroom is about what I have back in G-Rap. Hopefully it'll still be available when I can sign the lease. Maybe I'll get lucky and can take care of that on Monday.  Well, party tonight. Late.
1	for a monday, it's starting out pretty good!  i feel great, the birds are singing and the sky is clear.  can you really ask for more than that???
1	Last night at Space's house warming was decent.   Though i'm getting a cold and was sneezing, coughing most of the night and had a blood nose this morning. YAY (note sarcasm)!  He is being very cool at the moment, and although i barely slept because of skin contact crap-ness i was happy.  Got paid today, actually yesterday, but i really am going to work more weekends if i get this kind of cash. I'm working Labour Day and Good Friday, i basically get double time and a half, oh yeah.  Plus my leave was approved for my birthday weekend (Thursday, Friday 13th(!) :) and Monday of May). If i wasn't so tired this would have been a fantastic day.  I have no time for anything but love how much i live of my life. Maybe one day it'll catch up on me. But when i look back will i regret it? I doubt it, actually, no fucking way! Besides individuals being fuck-o's everything is very cruisy.  Wow that was happy, semi-trance state responsible, please excuse me till i next start moaning.
0	do you even realize how much your hurting me right now?  i guess not...
1	So, i am about to finish my h/w... and just got done practicing my walk in my dress! I have decided to go with the purple one. I had to practice my walk for thursday! hehe! Too excited!  Today at rehearsal... i totally rocked it baby! :)! EVERYONE laughed! Even people who had already seen it before! I was ecstatic! :)!   Bonfire after Pageant... thank you boys for throwing it for me! You know how much fun we are gonna have?... i don't think that you do. &lt;3!   Life is so wonderful! AH! I'm loving every second of it!
1	Bob=THE SHIT   I'M IN WATER STREET WITH BOOMIE.   get ready for some insane-ness Spring '05.
1	She is smiling like heaven is down on earth Sun is shining so bright on her And all her wishes have finally come true And her heart is weeping.  This happiness is killing her.
0	Today was just depressing.  The rain.  The news.  Those two kids.  Some holiday.  Depressing.  That is all.
1	Me:  Health Care Administration.  This is Trista. Caller:  I have tinnitis. Me:  Tinnitis? Caller:  Yes, you know, ringing in the ear.  Oh, here it goes again.  *Blue Oyster Cult*  Me:  Oh. My. God.  I need more cowbell!  Really explore the space!   * * *   That one's paraphrased.  It was actually even funnier, but I am still in hysterics over the cowbell and didn't get the whole thing down.  Also, yay for new slippers!   * * *   You people do realize that I am now forced to take every single loonball caller seriously, don't you?  Because the one time that I don't will be the one time it isn't actually one of the FriendBots.
1	Hey guys!  I'm saddened to see that this board is dying, though I haven't helped much -_- but I just got Atti's card in the mail today!  I'll write my note and ship it off as soon as I can, but do we have a link to the sending list w/ addreses?
0	*sigh* Did my taxes late last night at 12:30am.  Found out that I owe the government money due to my contract work last year.  This will put me deeper in debt. A few minutes ago, I was informed that I will not get the project manager position.  Now my hand hurts from punching the men's room wall.   The cold is not going away either. I just feel like I'm going nowhere
1	christmas day will either be very funny, very embarrassing, or incredibly awesome all because of a fantastic pact i made with someone.
1	Holy crap holy crap holy crap! On orisinal.com I got THIRD highest score for the game Cats!!! AWESOME!
1	Ahh...welcome summer.  Today was awesome...what's even more awesome is that i look outside and it's still daylight...and it's 7!!  This is good.   My day...church...yardwork...tending to a fire for hrs on end, i'm quite a fine artisan if i do say so myself...steak, potatoes, and grn bean dinner...banana pie...it's a summer sunday!!!   the rest of my evening is going to be smooth as well...prolly watching big fish w/ erin while i study for my anatomy test.  then i'll fill out housing crap for u of i.  where am i gonna live?!?! i'm thinking iar...hmm...anyways i'm off to jump on the trampoline w/ mi hermana.  ahh...sunday  oh and i almost forgot...leaf blowers will do wonders to a fire...hee hee
1	Boring day at work, it was to quiet and very long. I saw someone today who I haven't seen for a few days, well not since we did what we did. I had the strangest feeling. It was like...... being at the top of a rollercoaster ride and about to go hurteling down the ramp. My whole body lurched and it felt like I had butterflies in my stomach. I tried to keep my cool and reakon I did alright. After he had gone I felt numb though. What the hell is happening to me??? In any other situation similar to this, I would of normaly forgotten the whole thing. Either that or I would not of seen the other person/wanted to see the other person. This is crazy. Can anyone help me?
1	It was fun giving them my ID at midnight. Guy even said, "Happy new year... Pat" at the ball drop..
1	I love playing with Honey's paws...so she's good for something...her paws make me happy!  :-)  They are so squishy and firm....
0	I just got an e-mauil from Meschantes, saying my Corset had been returned to them.  I forgot to put my apartment number ;_:  So, hopefully they will just re-send it, and I can pay extra shipping, or whatever.  I waaaaant!  I wondered where it was :p
1	wells, 4 days seemed like more den enough time to study a few chapters of bio (i thought). so after slacking wed night and almost the whole of thurs away, i only finished one set of notes--hardly encouraging was the fact that that particular set was on enzymes. erps.  anyways, i couldnt shake off the holiday mood so agreed to go with peijia and qiuting for a dim sum buffet on Good Friday's. they were going to treat me as my belated birthday present. its at Orient Palace Restaurant at Miranmar Hotel. woohoo soo shiok~~ the fried prawn balls are simply the best!! comes with those crispy crumps thingy which is really really super delicious~~    me, peijia and qiuting     erps. think this was our 4th round of food. by this time we were all bloated and fat    yummy mango puddings!!oh no i only ate 2 cos i was too full  i was so full that i suffered from indigestion the whole night. man.
1	Well, b4 i start, jets r 5 and 0 (hell yea)  ok, so the weekend was kinda a bust, did a lot of work, watched the jets and yanks win and cut down a tree  ...yea, i kno, most of u think watching sports is a waste of time and so forth, but i enjoy it so i guess thats what matters, right?  i avoided my doctor --&gt; im a pro at that, especially when it involves needles, lol  so happy right now :)  i had a wonderfully booring gospel reading today from father abraham lincoln, and father old, i dont kno their real names, well i do kinda, lol  w/e, girls send mixed signals, wats new? girls should come with instructions, or the rosetta stone, but that'd b to heavy  and some crazy greek chick left a ransom note for a Barrons SAT book... please help find my book  l8r
1	I fucking love the NCAA Tournament.  One of my 12-5 seed upsets just happened (Wisc-Milwakee over Alabama), and I forgot how gratifying it can be to pick an upset.  My other 12-5 pick is New Mexico over Nova.  I can't wait to (hopefully) see Illinois kick some ass.  Dee Brown better have gotten his game back over the past few days...otherwise I wouldn't be surprise if we don't make the Final Four.  That'd be so great if we won the tournament...  I finished a 3.5 hour long Starcraft game last night that I had been playing all week.  For those of you that care, I got over 2.3 million points in the end...kicked ass in every category.  I killed 4004 guys.  Best game of Starcraft that I've ever played.  One more day...one more day...and only 4 more Statics lectures!
0	Too much crap on my mind.  Why does bad shi* always have to happen to my family.  Too much to handle...too much stress.  Don't know what to do...  Why does nothing seem to be going right for me?  It's like bad news hitting me right in the face one after the other.  There's just so much I think I can take...one more thing and I might just break.  Why are people so money hungry?  I don't understand it.
1	but this one's especially for daniel and advil:  We don't care if you're black or white We're all friends in the pit tonight I'll pick you up if you fall on me We'll mosh in the pit of equality  Straight edge brothers in the pit together Singing straight edge anthems together We're all friends if you're not high, And no one will go home with a black eye  In the pit we're all the same Because hardcore's just a big football game Ten Yard Fight is here to stay And we won't tolerate any foul play
0	Finally have caught up on all episodes.  Just finished watching  "Do No Harm"  with twin...   and cried like a little girl  ... I'm just so overly emotional sometimes *weep* *sniffle*
1	I enjoy filing bug reports against GMail way too much.  It actually shouldn't be enjoyable at all.
0	This literally made my jaw drop:   http://www.themovieinsider.com/news/n id/1640/George_Lucas_to_Remaster_ 'Star_ Wars'_Trilogy_in_3-D  The sad part is? I can believe GL is doing this. I think he wants to milk the franchise for every dime he can get.
0	guess i'm a bit depressed today, it snowed like crazy here, all the schools caceled and the roads were crap so i sat around and did nothing today! while that sounds like fun, it actually was quite boring and depressing being locked inside my house all day. oh well, it supposed  to snow some more tonight but maybe by morning they'll have all the roads plowed.
1	It was said that the only thing that is constant is change. This has never been more true of my life. It has been a long time since I've written and it would be impossible to try to detail everything which has taken place and is in the process of taking place.   In preparing for room and class sign ups as this semester draws to a close, the many things which have changed seem so apparent to me. But change is not always bad and it is necessary. I truly feel that all of the things that have happened in the past few weeks are for the best. I am happy, and as one of my managers kindly reminded me, "nothing is more important than happiness...."
1	Hey! I'm in a pretty good mood. ^_^ I got a B on my science test. Which is okay. Hehe.   Lets see, we found out that do to licencing issues Anime on demand (for Time Warner) will no longer be able to show PeaceMaker!!! *sob*  Oh well, at least theres more CROMARTIE HIGH on Thursday! ^---^!! *happy happy* Ehee... ^.^  I also have Friday to look forward too. Hehehe. I shall make my friends watch Saiyuki! Bwahahaha! (Okay...well one episode to see if they like it) I shall show them the one where their in the drinking contest. Hahaha! I LOVE that episode!! ^____^!!   Yeah...so that was a bit of random happy thoughts. Hehe.  Tata for now.  ~OrO~
1	Oh, and btw, did I mention?  On April 6th?  I'm going to see WICKED!! Yay!!!  Hee. :) I couldn't really think of anything I really wanted for my birthday, so I told my mom I just wanted to go see Wicked again. We got the restricted view seats again since we didn't really miss anything from them the last time. Idina's gone now, but the girl we saw as Glinda is still there (and George Hearn too I think!) so that's cool.  (I still really want the OBC bootleg that my neighbor has, but I'm way too shy to ask to borrow it when I hardly ever speak to her normally. Really would like to see Kristen Chenowith though, but yay! Still seeing Wicked!)
1	I picked three litres of black gooseberries yesterday, and about 800 g. of raspberries today. Result: OW MY ARM IT'S ALL SCRATCHED UP. Okay, it doesn't actually hurt anymore because I've taken a shower and am not sweating. It just sort of stings.  I'll be picking raspberries every day till school starts, by the look of it - they grow all over the place. Wild ones, obviously, which means they're WAY more tasty than garden ones. Cultivated, or whatever they're called. Plus, you don't have to look after them or anything.  Does anyone know something creative (and tasty, duh) to do with loads of raspberries? I've only got red ones now, but the black ones will be ripe in maybe one, two weeks.  On a completely different note, I'm going to see Les Mis on Sunday, whee!
1	          adopt your own virtual pet!       i made it after my favoritest kittie Zim (he's one of my orange and white tabby's for those of you who dont know) i love him to death. i almost lost him a couple of days ago but ill talk about that some other time.
1	TURNABOUT IS IN ONE WEEK!!!!i am so excited for all the drama!!!....and we'll see whos gonna join the sc!!!!    hmm maybe me..........lol
1	No, not on a jet plane.  Hehe!  Not a great movie, but Ben Affleck isn't that bad looking.  Yeah, I"m going to Irvine for the weekend.  Time to reunite with some people I met at Denver.  This should be fun.  Some guys are cute, but of course, I'll just have fun.  I can't believe someone told me that "I have issues."  I"m not perfect, and well, it's not like I"m a freak.  I've done some of my homework for the Marriage and Sex class.  It's funny, cuz I never knew how they studied sex or got their stats about stds and such.  I'm quite normal on the Is this sex quiz.  Yeah, our teacher gave us the quiz last class time.    I'll miss posting.  I guess I won't get to read about you guys 'til I get back.  In the mean time, have fun too.  I wanted to poll you dear people who read my posts.  Do you think I'm a player?  I just watched Alfie, and I sorta feel like he does.  Yet I don't sleep with all the people.  Maybe I really do have commitment issues...
0	I just found out I won't being seeing Renee tomorrow...
0	So I took my baby sis for her laser eye surgery consult at our eye doctor. And my husband will be glad to know that while she's an excellent candidate for the lasik (her eyes haven't changed in the last year plus) our doc wants her to wait till she's around my age because she's going to college and studying might make her eyes change. So she won't be doing the lasik right now. She's upset cause she wants it. I told her we can still go to the laser place and see what they say, but she doesn't want to. *sigh* Oh wells.
1	So I have been swamped and unable to post for a while, but its been the good kind of swamped. I love my job....well all three days of it so far. I actually feel like i'm being treated like an adult and it feels like i'm moving up in the world.The scary thing of being treated like an adult is adult like consequences,which means, if i don't sell enough ads, i 'll probably be fired. So this is really stressful. The job has pretty much taken up my time this past week so not much new stuff.    I hiked the Windcaves in Logan on sunday and it was an awesome hike, it totally kicked my butt, but it was completely worth it. I'm glad its already wednesday, and two more days to make it to the weekend. Easter should be fun this year, we (J & I ) are going to spend it with his family, which is going to be way better than spending it at a deserted denny's which is what we did last year.   Yaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!! adulthood!!!!!!!.........wait....i'm not so sure about it. Never mind.
1	woo fall out boy &lt;3 (      let_it_burn   )  also - i have an interview in the tinderbox tomorrow morning. i love that place.
1	I read your mind Like you read my journal Meaningless thoughts of love and happiness "Tell me about your day" you ask me but you already know  Take away this pen and paper I've got it all inside my head Now when you try to read You'll see I wrote nothing  Incomplete thoughts in incomplete sentences Missing pages in an unwritten book Chapter One- For my eyes only Cliff note: I've caught on to you  Look under the mattress theres nothing to be found search through the closet come up short again  Take away this pen and paper no more need to write i found the perfect hiding place i'll keep my thoughts inside my mind
0	so today kinda sucked, woke up late again, around 1. cleaned my room then found out that we couldn't have a group hang :`-(. abby came over tho, which cheered me up alot. we made a cheese and bean dip, jello(which abby we forgot about, but i'll save you some) and we watched step mom and miss congeniality. yah didn't do much else today, thought about some stuff, mostly guys...but then what else do girls my age think about right!? heh. anyway, i have decided that i really don't understand any of them at all. but maybe im not posta, i dunno, k im done see ya'll lata
0	I am fed up looking for a house... it's too disppointing.  There is nothing on the market I want to buy (and can afford) except one property.  The closing date for it has been set for 10th Feb and there are 3 people interested so far - it'll probably sell for more than we can afford.  *WEEP*
1	Its sunny! Its hot! I pigged out yesterday and gained no weight! Im going to a rave next weekend! LIfe is gooooood hehe.  Things are changing so much in such a short time... ive got this whole new social life and stuff, i mean, going to the pub on a satrurday night was getting pretty boring. Now im clubbing and raving and beach partying and generally living it up in the way a 16 year old should!  One thing is pissing me off though.... the downstairs of my house is tidy and chilled and covered in UV lights and candles, but the upstairs is messy and hectic and covered in clothes! Im burying my head in the sand about it though lol, just for now!  Hope all you guys are happy and chilled and enjoying your lives! I miss being able to post on here whenever i like, but hopefully ill be able to get the internet again soon, obviously money depending.  TAke care all, i love you xxxx
0	the yanks lost the world series. its ok though bc they'll win it next year. it was a great series though, one of the best i've ever seen. i must admit arizona is a pretty good team, they beat the best. so no more watching my man until april, no more seeing the closeups of his sexy eyes and his really really cute butt when he runs the bases :( poor derek, he must be so sad. i was so nervous when the guy slid into him on 2nd and jeter couldnt get up for a few seconds. ok well im off to school now. what am i gonna watch on t.v. for the next 5 months?
1	Yay!! Momma said she had to go to New York, and I can get to go with her this time!! Mom-mom too! That is so cool! I've never been anywhere, except for the doctors office for check ups *makes yucky face*  I heard Momma talk about New York a lot. I think she likes going there. She says it's big and very pretty. I can't wait to go. I don't know all the details about the trip, only that I'm going with her. I think we leave Friday, but I don't know. I guess we leave whenever Momma says we leave.   Can we go now Momma? Please? Lets go now, I can't wait.
0	May the soul of the Pope rest in peace.   Very strangely, I feel sad even though neither he nor anything related to him has had any bearing on my life.
1	   Yes,   The Judas Project   is at last finally mine!  Jealous much? It does contain "The Most Compelling Crucifixion Scene Ever Filmed!"
0	well, i don't normally post stuff like this (okay, i never post stuff like this), but since i play diablo 2, i figured what the hell...    this is the best match for me...       Take the  Diablo II Character Test.          ...though this one is also close (especially the covert part       Take the  Diablo II Character Test.   
1	I had fun at a ren faire all weekend.  I did not get enough sleep either, too much fun.  Got to wear my pretty yellow dress and now I know that I need to take it in some and fix some of my boning.
0	  tomorrow is my 22nd birthday. i'll be all alone.  i'm so scared that i will never find anyone to share my birthday with or to share their birthday. so confused and mentally unsound. i want to leave this place and find who i am and not just who i am supposed to be.' happy birthday me. 
0	Final ruling on the business case. I get half of my mark. So I've ended up with 46.5% on my beautiful case. I'm not sure whether I'll be appealing, but I'm keeping my options open.  In far worse news,  the body of Cecilia Zhang was identified yesterday . My thoughts and prayers are with her family. This kinda thing shows just how petty my problems are.
0	I wish I was having a better night.............   goodbye - guess I'll make some phone calls and see if anyone will adopt me this evening and chear me up?  call my cell if it's you?
0	I sit down here to try and write something about what I'm thankful for.  Instead, all I can think about is how I miss my folks. With the passing of my mom, most of the family I've known and loved is gone. My step-father (who raised me as his own), my mom, my grandparents, all gone. I miss them terribly. My dad's quiet ways. My mom's joy in her family. Grandma and her cooking. Even my grumpy old grandpa, that fuck (he was the root of a lot of unhappiness), I miss him.   All gone. And so, I feel alone.   So much for feeling thankful.
1	 //firewalled against anything moving, crawling, floating or dead in the Hyperion    Geez Louise, she's HERE!   Oh boy oh boy oh boy.  I'm leaving her some flowers at her door.  I don't have the guts to go and introduce myself, so I've just been talking with her (she actually talked to me!  Well...replied back to me, anyway.) anonymously.  ...If I had a brain, it would have imploded by now, sure as sugar.    I really gotta thank Angel for making her stay here.  That was definitely a heckuva great call on my good buddy's part.   //end firewall   Angel?  Want me to detail your cars for you?  I'll be real careful this time, honest to Pete.
1	i love tuesdays. i love hams. i love mixes with diego on the front (minus the facial hair). now I don't know that much about you, but I like you because you’re true blue.
1	well i just got back from church and  wow this week end was so much fun i loved hanging around jenna she is so cool even tho i didnt  know how to act around her ... but i think i  got a lil more comfortable after a  lil wile heh i hope ya didnt  get mad when i jumped on you  this morning :-D if ya did sorry  any way ill see  all of 2 people that might see this later and thank you for calling  bye bye
1	so two important things...   1) Haley's Birthday is tomorrow  2) My last day at Jewel is Sunday!   I am so fucking awesome.. Haley we need to take a trip on the bike path this Saturday sound good? or maybe even next week seeing that I wont be a jewel motherfuckers!   Oh yeah I'm so cool!
0	the get up kids are breaking up! i was in love, for serious.       can you sleep as the sound hits your ears one at a time? an unspokenbalance here,  unabridged for so many years that i should stare at receivers to receive her isn't fair don't worry i'll catch you  don't ever worry your arms in mine, anytime i wouldn't trade anything you're still my everything to my surprise, before my eyes, you arrive don't worry I'll catch you don't ever worry i'm still breaking old habits, habits when you pulled the wool over me i can see everything, everything remembering "jinx removing" don't worry i'll catch you [x2] don't ever worry no need for reminding... you're still all that matters to me     ...i hope they will still play at my wedding.    final chicago show on june 9th and/or 10th i kind of want to go to kansas city, mo to see their last last final show, hmmmmm
1	i'm home again this weekend (last weekend i was here for spring break) because i needed to go violin bow shopping.  and i did that today.  it went quite well, and i now have 8 bows to decide between.   i wanted to post but i don't really have anything exciting to write about.  it is rather nice to be home.  sometimes when i'm in peoria i get really wrapped up in the tinyness of the campus and lose perspective, despite efforts not to.  but it's good.  school is an all right place to be too.
1	Sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet.  Vincent (Nifty magician friend) Is coming round for diner tonight. Excellent i shall be entertained by card tricks and conversation.
1	for new years some of us are going to the loop to find food and drinks!  would you like to come?  i think perhaps you would.  there is even a backup plan - if there are no food or drinks readily available in the loop we have reservations at helen fitzgerald's in south county.  we're meeting at 7:15 at theresa's if you'd like to come.  call me or email if you want directions, or if you're out later in the night and want to find us, call my cell.  the number is  yeah like i'd put my number on the internet for everyone  or you can email me. hope to see you tomorrow night!  and if i don't, have a very happy new years.
0	How sad it is, a homeboy of mine, and not just a friend, my homie my roaddawg my brother, someone who always had your back, is changed in a bad way. Lately he is been doing his thing and when money is involved, its sad to see people change just because of money. But what sadder is that u never expected it from someone who is next to you.  Oh well, right now we are living in a time of change (just look at our own planet earth and all the wars and nostradamus'prophecies) but anyways maybe this is for the best, for now I know I can gently move away from him, because all I see is dark energies surounding him and dark aura's Its too bad we have to end our friendship like this.   Farewell AK
1	Meme, nicked from       marzipan1642    post a memory of me. it can be anything you want, just so long as it happened.  then post this to your journal. see what people remember about you.
1	he he im so lazy, i dont post stuff on lj to much eh... whatever.  sunday got back from a sweet 3 day in NY, went to suikocon. a suikoden con that a friend whipped up. it was sooo sweet we all dressed up for 3 days, went out to eat, ran around everywhere and made funny videos. playes tons of live music to.  the pics rock i so want to do this again and soon &lt;3 &lt;3  everyone was friggin awesome X&gt;  now i continue on making the rest of the costumes for ball, halloween and the future stuff.  so happy so happy ^^
1	Ladies and Gentlemen...I give you my new babyfur pic...courtesy of Lorilyn (neoscottie)     I think I look cute...what do you think?  *foxie hugs* -Kameron
0	I've been rather bummed lately laying around trying to apply and wait for jobs, especially yesterday as I felt really depressed. It is hard to get motivated to ride my bike or go to Curves. I have reached my two week limit as I like to call it, meaning after two weeks of resting from school I start to get ancy and I want to do something! I just wish I had a job so I could have some kind of schedule like need to be here at 8am and you get done at 5pm, that would really help me. I have joined some choirs again just so I have something to do at night to keep me sane. It was suggested I go out and just go to libraries around my area, but I could do that in a weeks time. I guess it is good to do for now.
1	Woo woo woooo. First Brock paycheck today. Nothing too exciting to the normal folk, but to a poor gal with some debts to pay... yaaaaay... the new budget has been calculated.
0	i just want to say that i expected better out of both of you.  Didnt Gandhi teach you anything?  this isnt going to work if we only see each other at work, especially since i probably wont be working there much longer.  I mean, weve havent gone out since the first week of the relationship, and im confused as to why that is. let me say this:  i really like her, and, it appears that she is just as smitten, but when i try to call three days in a row and you arent there, and dont return my calls, its almost like were not even together... but when you call me in the middle of writing this, like you just did, it makes me feel good.  Lets just talk more.  Kendall Gerdes made the paper today, what an epic picture.  radiohead blows my mind, once again.  im sorry that you, robert, got dragged into that whole mess   Much love
1	I LOVE CHER!!!!!!.....  she just knowssssss...you know?!?!?!
0	good thing i'm not wearing makeup because it would be all over my face by now. i just can't stop crying.
0	hey everyone i just had a big ass entry adn then i clicked a button adn it erased well any way heres what it said:  i have found something very helpfull i have found out that i dont belong in this family my dad is an asshole and my mom would be cool if she didnt agree with everything he said especially when he is wrong adn she knows it.my older sister is cool but she is mostly always a bitch to me. my brother is an asshole he just likes treating my bad like im nothing to him but he can be cool especially when he is driving we always race. my younger sister is the most spoiled person on this planet.i have something that i need to get off my chest but i dotn want my friends to hate me becasue i know one of my friends is not going to believe me so im kind of scared i cant wait until Drowning Autumn's next show its going to be so much fun.well kids im going to go listen to music that i would of never gotten into without scott thanks scott lol later
1	Well i have been working on something that i found on the net.. One of them things that sounds to good to be true, Well i have made £150 in 5 days.. Not allot but well worth a look if your intrested.  http://electronicmoneytree.com/?ref=121 198  If you want some proof i would be willing to take a screenshot of my paypal account. Anyways, Life is pretty cool ATM. Put my car in for it's MOT and came out allot better than i thought. around £150 so soon i will be back on the road and am damn looking forward to it.   Good night all. Pluto
0	The last Yuki died tonight, sometime between 8 pm and 12 am. So if SOMETHING is true about this whole christianity-thing, they all should be together again now.  I hope, this is the last farewell in a long time!
0	       So, me and MJ split up. After like 3 days. I mentioned an ex, which i actually have no feelings for and stated i didnt care about him because i   LOVE   MJ.   Now, i know its not Mj's fault. But i thought i was beginning to make him happy, when he gets all depressive and thinks about his ex again. Not his fault, but it hurts.   I thought we were going somewhere.     
0	R.I.P. Pope John Paul II.  You will be missed.  -- Eric.
1	Sunday night was the Courtney Love show. Here is a brief review of the San Diego show.   It was so nice to have Courtney grace us with her front women presents. She played lovely and amazing. The band was glowing and inspiring and LOUD. Even though Courtney forgot some lyrics she still can say fuck you louder than any other front women. The highlight of the night was when Lilia got on stage after Courtney helped her on. The fans were going wild and singing along. She sang LTT songs,She also did a cover of the housing of a rising sun and it was so good, she was drinking diet coke and smoking cigs with glitter on her eyes and her leg on her amp with no guitar but she sang her heart out and it was a great show. Then after the show. Fans went outside in the back by the limo toget stuff signed. She came out and signed and talked with fans. We got cd covers signed. There's nothing like a Courtney Love show. Good Times xoxo
1	....$13/hour during the week.. ...14.50/hour on the weekends... ...I set my own schedual...and decide how much i want to work or how little.. ...no home care.. ...all facility expierence (hospitals, nursing homes, psych wards etc) ...paid weekly ... ... ... THEY HIRED ME!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got my own little ID card and everything!!! OH! and i getta wear scrubs baby!!! time to alter some of mine and make em smaller lol they're tooo big hehe.  now i hope oregon processes my CNA endorsment thingy so i can start working a lot hehe. he said they ahve some washington jobs though so i can work here some, till it comes through. =)  k time to sew...dang im tired. need some Dew. WOOOOT!
0	     What is your Moulin Rouge lifestyle? by Lifechoseme      Your name           Favorite bohemian ideal    Beauty      Soul Mate    The Green Fairy      Quote that you live by:    I was made for lovin' you, baby, you were made for lovin' me!      Your song    Diamond Dogs      Place to chill    In the stars!      Occupation    Whore, just a plain old whore             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 2.0  !        This is not what i expected. Sad. My favorite movie...
0	Today I lost my best pair of shoes. The sole just tore loose. I lost my favorite jacket. The idiots at the plasma place didn't bandage me right and I bled all over it. I lost a new pair of pants. See above. I may have lost my job. I missed a shift at Hot Topic yesterday and that's two unexcused absences within two months. I lost $20. They cut my shift at Hot Topic tomorrow to save hours. Basically, what the fuck else can go wrong today?
0	Why can't the ghosts from the past stay in the past?
1	      The picture was taken the day after I got the conch pierced (CBR is a 12g), but the 10g CBR in the first hole of my lobe had been in there for a few months, at least.  Oh, and I stretched my first holes to 8g this morning with those tapers, so this pic is slightly out of date, but it'll do until I take a newer pic.
0	I feel absolutely dreadful. I'm loveless, lifeless, and loserly. I am and will forever will be stuck without love for the following reasons  1) I either bfriend guys completely are don't talk to them at all. In other words I don't really flirt. 2) I have extreme personalities, I'm either, shy, too energetic, or too buddy buddy 3) I would never go sit next to a guy I liked or consider starting the conversation let alone asking them out  I am a disaster, a disaster and I really need some love in my life. Dammit I've gone long enough alone. I don't wanna do it anymore. I don't even really have a best friend let alone a boyfriend. I think I need to have around. I want to find one of my missing peices so that won't feel like such aan incomplete person anymore.
1	NARULTIMATE HERO IS COMING TO THE US!!!!   Allen, now you will need to buy a ps2. :OOOO
0	Bad luck today… I’m going to go against the strongest player in chess tournament next round.  And I will be disqualified for anything if he beats me…  Let me calculate the possibility of my bad luck today..  4/5 X 1/4= 1/5 ..  Nice, I just had to take that 20% chance… Damn it, if I hit that another 80%, I might have a chance getting $25 for wining the third place… Gahhhh… going against a 1800 rating guy with my 1200 rating skill.. I’m going to get slaughtered.
1	I am completely terribly in love with lestat!! He is the most beautiful, incorrigable, charasmatic vampire ever!!  Lestat, is real i have to believe!! My theory is he made a deal with anne rice and said if he wrote three stories, she would publish them in her name, thus earning her fame and fortune. Whereas the world would hear his tale........  Lestat is perfection, his purring voice, his gorgeous sensual manner, I have fallen for him completely.  I leave you with this.....  Lestat if you are there, come to me. I willingly lend you my throat.....
1	My best friend from high school is coming into town tomorrow. I'm so excited. She is staying with our friend Randy so I should see her a lot. I hope so. I miss her so much. I have so much to catch her up on. Like everything that has happend the last two years. I love her. She'll help me through anything. She is truly one of my best friends. I cant wait to tell her the news about me and Jeff! She'll be excited about it. She'll probably want to plan the whole thing.  Life is good.  Judith is coming, Judith is coming...la la laaaa!
1	If you're like me, then you enjoy perfect slices of lo-fi, scuzzed up indie pop/rock. Therefore, download my favourite song of the moment:  "Addition And Subtraction"  - The Crossed Out Heirs  Different band, same singer. Her voice is awesome. This is a really nice, mellow song:  "Horseshoe Cloud"  - The Woodlanders  Although I recommended this song a while ago, nothing's changed: It still kicks just as much arse and is still just as funny. Download it or miss out:  "Hobbit Love"  - The Gazillions  I'm not usually a big fan of covers, but this version of a Velvet Underground classic is mindblowing:  "Venus In Furs" (live)  - DeVotchKa  Have fun.  -Sam
1	I wasn't eaten! In fact, I was only very, very slightly bruised from a friendly coyote. Of course, I was only in the same cage as her and one of the smaller felines. I fed some of the BIIIIIG kitties, but from outside the cage. My friend Sean got right in there with the big cats! Whereas I, by contrast, waited until a big cat was in his little holding cell and then cleaned out his cathouse. :)  Here are pictures of me and Wiley, the friendly coyote chick:   http://www.linkdeath.com/~bill/ 
1	I'm suffering from Foreign Language Student Syndrome. I keep having thoughts wherein the words are all in English, but the structure is hybrid Japanese. Yesterday as I was talking to Magdana, I went so far as to say one of those sentences aloud. I had to interrupt our conversation to bang my head into the wall.  Occasionally, individual words will get stuck in my head. For example, this afternoon I was getting ready to go to the doctor's when I suddenly thought, "tonkatsu". I pondered it for a moment, idly wondering what it meant. Then I remembered that it meant "pork cutlet," making it an entirely random and fairly bizarre word to appear in my head without warning.  Speaking of Japanese, I have a test tomorrow. First test of the quarter. There's rumored to be a reading comprehension-type section. I've always kind of liked those. Must... study..!
0	If there is one person you can't stop thinking about, post this same exact sentence in your journal.
0	I wish I could see the Mars this month. But there is no observatorium in this town    :( Only for closed societies. Well, searching goes on....      "Mars is an interesting place to be.  Many people make it a race to travel and see."
1	OMG OMG THIRD PLACE   ME AND KRITI AND SHYAM AND ARI AND MAX AND CHRIS PLACED THIRD AT THE UMCP TOURNAMENT! AND BEAT ERA! AND GOT AUTOMATIC ENTRY INTO PACE! YESYESYES YES WE DID! 
1	does anybody know someone who wants to buy a car? i'm selling my white 96 chrysler sebring convertible. it's got 119K miles on it and in good condition. i'm asking for $4800 obo. if anyone knows someone who would like it, give me a call and we'll talk out the details.
0	The little red hen said, who will help me? So the first little bear says; "I can't" and the second little bear says; "I won't" and the third little bear says; "I would if I could" and then cinderella went to sleep in the thorn covered castle for 100 years. the end(?)
1	        Thane is a character, well the other main character, in Sidewalk Dreamers. Here is a picture of him looking pretty sexy with coffee. I personal prefer the un-coloured one, but I wanted people to know his colourings.     Drawn and coloured in photoshop with a tablet.     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   
0	*sigh*  Well, I worked hard at fixing       digitaldevils    computer when it croaked...took me a very loooonnnngggg week of headaches and backaches but I did it.    Well, yesterday, my computer...my beloved pet...my first computer, the first one I EVER built...my baby...she died...motherboard went up in a puff of smoke with a little spark...*sniffle*  At least she went out like a trooper.  She and I had been through a lot together...traveled many states together and at times this computer was my ONLY companion and trusted friend...She put up with me tinkering inside her so much that she looked like a war victim...She was a good computer...  I guess it is time to say goodbye...and it just makes me more and more sure that there is absolutely nothing you can rely on in this world...not even machines...  Happy Valentines Day.
1	I got the TV! It has a DVD/CD player. It's awesome. I'm so happy. Today's my day. Nothing could make it worse!
0	On a night like tonight, you learn who your real friends are. You learn who they are and what they're all about. You learn what you mean to them and what value they place upon other individuals. Tonight, I have learned that one of my friends is not the person I thought they were. They are less, but most importantly, I have learned that I have two great, incredible friends who will stand by me no matter what. And that's what I'm trying to remember in this disappointing situation.
0	I can't believe it... THEY RUINED SUIKODEN!!!! *cries*  I heard from Ang's LJ that there was a Suikoden 3... which I've been looking forward to since I played Suikoden 2... so I did some research, & I can't believe they ruined it!  I HATE those stupid graphics!  I'm so upset I could just cry... I swear there's never going to be another game that I'm going to want to play, just because of all the crappy 3-D graphics   I'm going to go work on my runes... Rob cut me a bunch of wood pieces, & I'm filing them down by hand  :D  It's a long, tedious job, but at least they're gonna be personalized... I can't believe how disappointed I am about the game... *sighs*
1	ok so today was pretty good.  same old same old.  went to school and then i went to the dentist.  i dunno maybe this is werid.  but i like to go to the dentist....is that werid.  like now my teeth feel all clean and nice ::ahhhhh nice feeling:: and i talked to the dentist abotu being a dentist and he seemed like he was really interested in me being one.  haha...still not sure what to do ....dunno what i really want to be.  i think a dentist?!?!  but i never know.  but he told me i could come in a like shadow him and all.  that would be awesome.  i could watch and oral surgury.  ohhh cool...so my my mom told me to call him soon...so i think i will next week ::yay:: that should be cool.  ok so i guess thats about it.  i think we are going out to eat soon i dunno?  but i think that is it for now.  im glad tomorow is friday and then saturday is UNF Day!!!!! haha ok well im buying a sweatshirt and i think christie is buyin  a shirt.  who all is going?
1	today was...i don't know, i feel randomly happy. i guess it is the spring weather or something......:) wow my mood changes from one extreme to another, not exactly quickly, it is just interesting to look at the differences, like form last night to now.xoxoxoxo
0	      You scored as  Pisces . You get along best with the sign of Pisces. Although Pisceans can be very withdrawn, or hard to understand, they are extremely conscious individuals, and are very deep as well. Pisceans often have a very dry sense of humor. They are very mature (after all, they are the 'ELDERS of the Zodiac'), and are freakishly good at percieving the world around them, practically to the point of being 'psychic.' Few can understand the depths of these people, but the few who can remain close friends with Pisceans for a long time.         Pisces             85%       Gemini             75%       Aries             75%       Libra             75%       Leo             70%       Scorpio             65%       Cancer             55%       Aquarius             50%       Taurus             50%       Sagittarius             45%       Virgo             40%       Capricorn             30%        What sign of the Zodiac are you meant for?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	I'm going to Boston. If I'm not around Monday morning, feel free to panic.
1	Yeah.  I gotta go clean that out.  She's lucky she's so damn cute or I would of had to kill her.      In other news, we got new hamsters.  The pet store had two left that looked like the ones we bought the first time.... I think they may be a male and female though!  EEP!!  We had to get them though, we couldn't let the kids find out that the other two escaped/got eaten.     They are in a different cage now.  The same kind that the hamster that DIDN'T get stolen/eaten is in.  All is well.  :)
1	YAY!!  I won at euchre tonight.  That makes it the first time in about 2 years...    I think that's literally about all I wanted to put in here.  Except that I bought the 6th Princess Diaries book today...  Yes, I know...  ::puts head in hands::  I have either caused you to laugh, shake your head in disgust at me, or disown me...  =)
1	:):)...Now its not goin to be a second lone valentine in a row..:)!!!!!!
1	  OMG I have gotten the best news ever! That cant be told here. I am sooooo excited right now. I cant wait for this summer if it works out! I am praying that it will. &nbsp;I got to talk to alot of my sisters on the phone tonight and online. I got paid today and went of a shoppin spree. I love family!!!!!!!!!! I miss all my sistas from camp       
1	I can wear scrunchies again!! My hair is long enough!!!  *digs out her BOX of scrunchies and places it as part of her getting-ready-for-the-day routine*
1	yay went shopping with steph yesterday [cousin] shes going away to europe in 3 weeks so needed summer clothes we went to blue notes and they had a buy 1 get 2 free sale...and i had babysitting money on me :P  so i got 2 "poison" sweatshirts...really comfy, lined with fleece and everything...just for camping or what not...originally 60 bucks and a reallie cute tank top that says punks rule lol...originally 20 bucks  walked out of there spending $11.48...each of them were marked down to $9.98 and buy 1 get 2 free...then our super retarded tax system lol  but yay clothes ^_^  LET IT BE KNOWN I LEFT THE MALL WITH MONEY IN MY WALLET!!!!  man i just realised how long its been since ive had jones soda *hrm* now im craving jones lol... what an amazing creation =P    i wanna do something today!!!!! michaels busy today so we cant do nuthin :(  bummerage  i mite go after 3 if he isnt doing anything then so *hopeful*
1	Only 1 more bloody day and 13 more hours till.... the xmas holidays!!
0	Paris.. he died.. today... *sighs* another one died. I got him October 2004-March 2005.
1	Just got a SMS from WestNet saying my ADSL connection is ready! About to drive all the way to Malvern to pick up a modem!
1	   Ravyn made it for me!  Ravyn's Fantasy Realm   http://ravynsrealm.topcities.com/ 
0	Music sweet music, I wish I could caress and kiss. Manic depression is a frustrating mess.
0	Another Sorceress has died...  I guess that things in Esthar are finished and that everyone will be returning...
0	An excellent article about the possible repercussions of the Terri Schiavo fiasco:    To Err on the Side of Life?   on AlterNet.org
1	  this week       wendsay...      small group...we all got in trouble by tony, lol    &nbsp;      thursday...      realized new things about people    and got things discused      today... frisay...      get packing    movies with the guys and girls    sleep      saterday...      pay day    shop     pack some more    sleep      sunday...     to florida     with all of the people i love     its gonna be a blast with the new ppl like jane and katie ect...    &nbsp;     im sooo excited im getting sick in the stomach      iv been getting flash backs from last year       like its soo weard, things that werent even soo big      like ill remember when i waited for breakfast out side and remember seeing don and the guys being there first      &nbsp;just little things lik that      &nbsp;im sooo excited      i wanna sit next to every one on the bus!!! lol       &nbsp;    &nbsp;      &nbsp; 
0	so i guess just ignore everything i said in my last post.
0	The timing in my life sucks so much...it has my whole life...i wonder when things will start working out the way i want them too...sometimes i feel cursed in this life...i am just thankful that i have the best friends in the world...
1	friday- soccer practice (which was cool b/ i had to run w/ the defense and frenchy took us running..lol) then, went to kyle's w/ liss, steve, adam, chi, lauren, and val (there I said all ur guys name). and Liss and i played volleyball w/ them and then went to play laser tag...(some fun shit) after we went back to kyle's and played spoons and watched part of the incredibles! and that was my friday night   sat- sat. morning we had study session at the school for soccer from 8am-9:30 sharpe made pancakes for us then I spent the whole afternoon w/ family. I went to my great aunt's 80th b-day party and it was fun. Then, we went back to her house for a mini party and emily, cory(my cousins) and my uncles, we all played football!  it was so much fun! i had a blast. i havent had a good time since my g-ma died, 2 weeks ago w/ the them all :(   sun- cory slept over last night and who knows what else i am going to do!
1	Security detail for the Constantine panel.  Keanu Reeves is a fucking douche idiot, but he's nice.  Just... really, really stupid.  And Neil Gaiman and Dave McKean are two of the nicest and most intelligent sons of bitches on the face of this beautiful earth.  Mirrormask (which I got to see a partial screening of) is going to rock your asses in Q1 2005.  I'm going to try and catch Will Eisner tonight after the awards.  See if I can get something signed for Chuck.  No promises, but I haven't seen the poor sod in a few months, and I figure it'd be a nice way to say hi.    I'm going to try and get a camera tomorrow or Sunday so I can horrify anyone who wishes to see with the true scope and awesome might of the Exhibit Hall of Doom.  Although they don't actually have Doom there.  Since it went gold and all.  And yeah.    Yee!
0	Oh no, it's about to happen. Levi, my 18 year old dearest friend in the world has stopped eating. It has only been twenty four hours and he is still taking water but that's it. I am so afraid! So afraid that when I get home tonight, he will be gone. I cried the entire way into work. Needless to say, I don't look so pretty all puffy eyed and teary!  Please, please, please Levi hang in there for my sake. I am not ready to say goodbye yet. I am calling the vet and he is going tonight...
1	Happy birthday, Sue!  Sorry I didn't call you this weekend!  Will call you soon! :)  Love, your li'l brother :)
1	   it's funny, cuz batman doesn't have the capacity to love :(
0	sometimes people do stupid things.  I am a person.  Therefore, sometimes I do stupid things.     WHY WHY WHY WHY!?!?!?!  
0	this sucks, i cant help from feeling lonely and depressed, i dont like this feeling, and i dont know what the hell to do about it :(
1	happy birthday to my big sister       llamaface3dd   ! 23 today!  this is too damn cute.  and now i have the song stuck in my head.
1	Phase 1: Acquisition of Tanzplag Lair: Complete.  Phase 2: Acquisition of Tanzplag-Mobile : In Execution.  And in other news:     HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANABOOOOOOOOO!    
1	1. Dyed my hair black today--not permanent. I look all Goth-y with my new hair and my nose ring.  Maybe I will move into McGill (the weirdo dorm, for the uninitiated). 2. Found out that this girl who was a good friend of mine in elementary school is getting MARRIED in July.  But I think it is because she moved to south Louisiana, and that is how they do things down there.   3. Am never getting married, most likely.  4. Toilet in hall bathroom shoots up water when flushed. Combination lavatory/bidet is definitely not appealing.
1	well, i have got some good news. i just got a call from the modeling agency and Emily told me that my classes start October 5th and they will last from 6 to 9. that means that every tuesday i have to drive myself to Vestavia Hills and then back home at night, alone! i think the first few times might be a bit sketchy(lol) but i think i can manage. i just hope that in the end all this is worth it.  also i have decided to leave the "stache" for two reasons. reason 1: after today in Lew's class i decided to dress up as johnny depp off of Pirates of the Caribbean for character day. i think it will be cool. reason 2: i am my own man and im not letting what people say get to me anymore. i do what i want to. screw all those asses at school(not my friends) that think they are so cool b/c they are on the football team or whatever, they dont matter so let em talk.
0	  This makes me sad.&nbsp; Very sad.            "I bought a doughnut and they gave me a receipt for the doughnut... I don't need a receipt for the doughnut. I give you money and you give me the doughnut, end of transaction. We don't need to bring ink and paper into this. I can't imagine a scenario that I would have to prove that I bought a doughnut.&nbsp; To some skeptical friend, don't even act like I didn't buy a doughnut, I've got the documentation right here... It's in my file at home. ...Under "D"."      Rest in peace, dude.&nbsp; You made me laugh.&nbsp; Alot. 
1	Aaaaaand I'm off!  Don't break the fandom or LJ while I'm gone, guys! I would have to get home and find it in ruins...  Rome, watch out. Cille and her class of drunken freaks in on the way.
0	These past 24 hours have thrown into sharp relief my feelings for the world.  There is nothing here that I need. I mean, last night when Leah, Halli and I were relaxing in Leah's room with drinkies, I realized that I am the only person that I know who does not have a significant other. There must be something wrong with me because I've never had a significant other. I'm defective. There's a problem when you're 18 and you've never loved someone. I am probalby the only person who was sweet 16 and never kissed (Okay, the guy who's name I do not know at Freshman homecoming does NOT COUNT!!!).   I give up.  I have a bottle of Excedrin.  I'm going to finish it off.  Bye.
1	I have been someone's mother for twenty-five years.  Twenty-five years , I tell you, is a very long time to be concerned about feeding and sleeping and clothing and caring and worrying. It's a long time to plan for schoolbooks and schedules and trunks and trains and owls and rats. It's a long time to be preoccupied with first romances and tender hearts and broken friendships. It's a long time to celebrate honours and victories and mourn defeats and losses. It's a long time to worry about helping your loved ones find their places and find their jobs and find their homes and find their partners and find themselves. And it's a very,  very  long time to wait to plan another wedding and spoil your first grandchild.  Happy birthday, Bill. I'm proud of the man you've grown to be.   Congratulations, Arthur - we've made it this far. Please come home early for supper to celebrate with me.
0	Really been down during the past week during days. Swimming in molasses. Upped Remeron to 45mg last Thursday.
1	I'm going to warped tour today to watch Allotic play at 12:00 and then I plan to stay to for a couple of other bands but I should be back by 2 or 3 at the latest. I think I am gonna be hanging out with those kerrrrrrrraaaazzzzzy St. Louis kids after the concert and if the weather doesn’t suck we might go to Coronado beach and then tonight........Who knows?  Wanna join? Call the cell.  Matt
1	 ~*  I'm getting bettah  *~&nbsp; ... Monty Python ... cmon ppl.    &nbsp;    &nbsp;     I'm wicked happy. =)     &nbsp;    &lt;3 gina. 
0	NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO~!!!!! MY DOWNLOADS!  I....I.....my turn came to leech the missing chappies, and the person tried to send me both at once.....and...and.... my compie doesn't like downloading two things at once....so... the conection failed ...... so my queues were taken out, I lost my spot, AND I DIDN'T GET MY CHAPPIES!!!!!!! Whaaaaaa..... I've learned my lesson, never queue more then one file, or else my compie shall fail. ;_;
1	01: Take a screenshot of your desktop. To cap a desktop: 1) Press "Print Screen" (prt scr) button on a PC or cmd-shift-3 on a Mac 2) Open your graphics program-of-choice 3) Press CTRL + V or go to "edit &gt; paste" 4) Save image as a JPEG  02: Upload the screenshot to your image server (like Photobucket, etc).  03: Reply to this entry with AN LJ-CUT TO your screenshot. Along with any explanations you feel are necessary.  04: Post your screenshot in YOUR LJ along with these instructions      
1	i am kind of an insecure person, but i realized today that i have improved a lot over the last few years. i don't dislike myself as much as i used to, which is great. i mean, yeah i have flaws, i'm not perfect at all. but i'm learning to accept the negative parts of my personality. i've realized that there are a lot of things i like about myself. i wouldn't describe myself as confident, but i'm getting there, and i like that.  i love going to bed with a smile. i love being happy. who doesn't? you know what i mean =)
0	well there is not much to update.  over the past few days i've been having dreams about amanda again.  not good times.  i love her so much.  and she doesn't "like me like that".  and i don't know why.  i've never known why.  she used to love me.  she doesn't anymore.  and it sucks so fucking bad.  it's horrible.  i need her to love me again.  bass skills went up last night.  my speed is getting a hell of a lot better, as is my coordination.  im on the way.  megan keeps telling me to call her.  so i finally did last night because i had nothing else to do.  she's grounded.  oh well.  tried calling amanda today.  can't get her to answer her phone.  either she's gone and left her cellphone at home, or is ignoring me.  again, i will say, because it keeps going through my head every single moment of my life.  i love amanda, and she doesn't love me.
1	yes i finally got a new journal! i seriously love these things lol. i know the colors are kinda ugly but it was the only thing that like blended with my lips over there, lol arent they cute? smooches!! anyways ive had a pretty good day so far, and later i am going shopping for new clothes with my dad and my brother and i think my mommys gonna come now too!! =D ill tell yall how it went later!  anyways last night i saw J*LO's new movie, it was pretty good. not as good as i thought though =/ if ur sane go see it lol if ur psycho dont, cuz it gives a lot of bad non realistic ideas ya know? anyways im off i have a lot 2 do before i leave!
1	CONGRATULATIONS JOHN HUNT on your promotion to SALON COORDINATOR!!!!!!!  Toni & Guy will have never looked so organized!  You the shit, boiiiii. Your girls are proud.
1	A day at the mall .................so i with with my guy and ken and chris ......it was cool i saw alot of cute stuff and we ate chineese my favorite................................ ..who the hell eats apound of candy....................10.00 what we paid for candy..................anyways    oh yeah got this cool dragon from this earthy store  kicks ass
1	the leo convention was fun. ken s. won an orgiami turkey-thing with detachable body parts. garbo won a dvd player. steph won a model car and her dad won the promise of playoff tickets when the nhl comes back. edmond chew (grade 11) broke his wine glass ; gary, donald and i made musical instruments of our wine glasses; we found out steph's mom's got a very dirty mind that she's willing to share; i saw a former grade 7 classmate working there (Italian Cultural Centre); and the food was great.   nighters.
1	     Your Suicide.. by   Konstantine        Your Name/Username           Favorite Number?           Favorite Color?           Gender?      Female Male Undecided Both       How will you commit suicide?    You will jump off of the nearest, highest building      How many tries will it take?    4      When will you commit suicide?    October 27, 2019      What will your suicide note say?    The munchkins made me do it!               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	So, I'm in a better mood now.  Slept all day and had a yummy pizza for dinner.  Better.  No word from Daddy, so my day's been great.
1	 It's Spring Break!!! Im going to be in MEXICO for the whole week and I am so excited. I hope everyone else has an awesome spring break too. bye guys! 
1	I met a girl last night. She's quite young but way too fun.  Not to mention fucking beautiful.   It's too soon to be thinking about it this much.
0	I forgot to mention how totally shitty Arkansas was. I got nowhere fast on that whole thing. Played some ms PacMAn with Lisa and Jon. Otherwise it was all shitty and i am never going back there so help me God.  Silas beter get over here soon or these beers will be gone!
1	I got a new top and I think it's really pretty. Chris took these pictures and I wanted to post the rest because I think they are the best pictures I've ever taken.                 
1	I'm almost back in the living today,  Though they did try and get me to stay up to make sure some code worked, and I guess fix it if it didn't, but I'm not up for staying up til 3 today.  Some other day, no problem, but not tonight.  I said I'd go into work tomorrow instead - I'd planned to take the day off.  Never mind, I'll try to get thurs off so I can sort things out for the weekend - I'm going to visit       flyinghaggis   !  I had a bit of a weak moment today:  Johnny Depp Pirate Poster .  I just  love  the boots and the pose.  And of course, the Depp.  What's not to love about the Depp?!  Andy is too lovely :) He told me to buy it!   P.S.  I need to make myself an icon that represents "Yippee!".  'Cos that's what I'd use now :)
0	I just realized it is 3:30 in the a.m.  *dies to sleep*
0	I hate you, yes you reading this, you are a piece of shit. After you are done, go look in the mirror, and asked yourself. "Is this the life that I want to lead? Why do I dress up in dreams? Am I happy?" Then come back and see me. Do you think you are important? Maybe your just another dumb human. Just human debris, laid to waste. One of the 6 billion people on this planet. You know what though. I Won't ramble on and on. Your life could be worse, you could be dead. It is always exciting to look forward to another mishap that lays as a speed bump in your life. Like that time you stoped going to class right after the last day you could drop for a full refund. Yea... you know what I am talking about. You idiot, why did you do that? Well keep making those payments, say hi to your mom for me and don't forget that you aren't important. Just like everyone else.
1	WOW yet agian its been a while, I've just been rather busy i got a new step sis and a step mom who are both awesome. I got friends now too real ones. Jeff, and his bro, Tony, Matt, Tommy, James, Brian... I got kicked out of school agian tho, which kinda sucks Gotta new guy too. He's a sweetie though... even though he happens to be 6 yrs older then me but he's awesome thats basically everything thats been going on. and thats actually more stuff than i've done in like about a yr.
0	Everything and everyone here sucks.  I wish they left me at Skidmore... 8Q(
1	Some of you might remember a show that was on Fox a coupla years ago called Titus.  For me, it was hands down one of the funniest shows I've ever seen.  The main character looks like an angry version of my best friend Mr. Madigan and that just made it a billion times funnier.  It's about a gear head with an abusive father and a really dumb/funny adopted brother.  Ken Titus, the main character's dad calls people "wussy" at the most opportune times to incur maximum hilarity.  Download an episode or two, you shall not be disappointed.
1	Reply with your name and I'll tell you something I adore about you.  Then put this in your journal.  (Also, my mom roped Kristin into visiting me this weekend. 
1	Well, as anyone who knows me already is well aware...my plans change often. very often. but here are the christmas plans thus far...  im going to florida to spend a couple of weeks with my dad/grandma. YES! finally.  mike is meeting me there. weeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. he probably wont be there long...but...to see mike again....yippeeee. yeah. i'm excited, needless to say.   did i mention my dad is attempting to have a large pile of shrooms for us when I get down there?  oh yeah, baby.
1	  when the giraffes are bored they lie down   i'm in sam's basement right now. and you'll never guess what we're doing. :)  much love, lili 
1	For those of you who receive the magazine "Flagler Magazine" in the mail,look at today's edition.The table of contents has a picture of Mike Jones,RD,Spencer,and someone else at a football game.There's also an article about the bands in Flagler on page 38.For those of you who don't receive it,go to the library or anywhere else that passes out newspapers and see if you can find the magazine.It also has a schedule of the big upcoming events (FBA,concerts,ect.)Check it out!  It's New Year's Eve.Everyone knows what that means! It's time to make resolutions.I don't have any big ones this year,so I'll just keep with these...  ~Keep up the grades ~Keep doing a great job at work ~No procrastinating! ~Be helpful whenever I can ...Little things like that.Maybe get a friend to talk to me again? I know that's more of a wish,but who knows.  Hope everyone has a great New Year's Eve! I will more than likely be sleeping :D
1	well orlando was awesome...magic kingdom=happiest place on earth. duh! who didn't know that? I ran around the magic kingdom like a little four year old because i was sooo excited. i felt like such a kid and i even got pictures with all the characters. I can't wait to take my own children there. last night was the most fucking awesome night i have had all summer! it was great to see everybody and i even got to talk to libby about how to get my ib diploma. it was great! meg comes home today and im sooo excited!well thats about it!
1	 I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  This year is going to be the BEST ever!! On Christmas Eve I'm having a Christmas party and TONS of people are going. So far I think the list is: Katheryn, Kristen, Amy, Michelle, Rachel, Samantha, Sally, Jen, Amy, Tim, Brayden, Eric, Ken, Marshall, Rob, Alex, Mark, and Harrison. YAY!! That's manymanymany people!! I hope they all show up because my parties are always RaDtAcUlAr!! Oh!! And also Christmas Day me and the fam are going to Myrtle Beach and I get to bring 2 friends. Hmmmmmmmmmm......I haven't decided yet! I have several people in mind =D   ~Cory  
1	When I was throwing the grab out I look in the dumpster to find on top of all the garbage I found a computer with fans and a motherboard. Still all good! ITs an awesome back case with a see through side. I couldn't believe the luck. I also found a drive that allows you to put in your camera memory cards. (plus it still had a memory card in the drive)  So its awesome! Its worth 80 bucks and I am not complaining!! heheh
1	I could really do with getting paid by my clients...  Oh well, no point worrying about it.  Time for a drink, some food and an evening of work!
1	Yahoo! I got off grounding tomorrow!  ROCK ON!   Last week was boring, but I got a shitload done. Being grounded isn't too bad. Plus, I got to think a lot.  Life is good.   VERY good. :)
0	After about two weeks of illness Eiri-kun (one of our pet rats) died today around 10:00 am. Yesterday evening he was too weak to eat and was even too exhausted to drink - but all the vets already had closed. I brought him there to euthanize him this morning but he died in my hands while I was sitting in the waiting-room.  May he be in a better place now. We won't forget you, Yuki!
0	cell phone computer door knob fridge notebook no period fat ugly yesterday today "mads" "jazz" stupid don't understand anything ms stezano MAKE THIS WEEK END RIGHT NOW
1	Tonight was nice.  I was able to meet one of the new people, Wanda.  She's nice, though she'll probably kill me for saying that.  We had a nice chat, hopefully I convinced her to stick around for a bit.    I hadn't been in the study much lately.  I've been keeping to my room.  I'd forgotten how much I missed it.
1	   This was apparently taken before the bridge structure was complete, but you can still get a pretty good idea of what it looks like.  They're just completing the roadway now, it should be open in three or four months.  The two existing bridges can barely be seen next to it.   Edit:  If your browser is having problems loading the image, go  here . 
1	Hey       madam_pegasus   ! I got you a  gift ! Hope ya like it! I thought a long time about it but couldn't think of anything, so       elfshadow    helped me out.
0	I hurt myself today to see if I still feel I focus on the pain the only thing that's real the needle tears a hole the old familiar sting try to kill it all away but I remember everything  what have I become? my sweetest friend everyone I know goes away in the end you could have it all my empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt  I wear this crown of shit  upon my liar's chair full of broken thoughts I cannot repair beneath the stains of time the feeling disappear you are someone else I am still right here  what have I become? my sweetest friend everyone I know goes away in the end  you could have it all my empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt if I could start again a million miles away I would keep myself I would find a way
0	Two AI contestants have been rumored to be gay.  So why does this even make news?  I understand that this depletes some teeny boppidy female fan's chances to fantasy-score with the contestants, but honestly what chance did they really have to begin with when they idolized them as straight.  That has got to be the only reason that anyone even cares, otherwise what is the big deal about making this public?  Perhaps it's some "eww" factor, a religious fallback, or shock value making them feel important ... because I assure you it has absolutely no impact on the purity of their singing talent.  This is really no different than a preference for redheads or being a vegetarian, duh.  Humanity is so behind.
1	Hey everyone!  I am about to leave school right now in the pouring rain and the cold.  I am really excited about this weekend b/c I get to see the performance on Friday and hopefully go to the party on Saturday.  I haven't written in a long time and I haven't seen any of you either since last semester.  So I am happy.  Good luck to everyone who will be performing.  I know you will do great.  Everyone of you are so talented.  I am finally getting a new cell phone this week.  YAY for me!!  It's a Nextel so I can talk on the walkie talkie to Aaron.  I can say things that 18 wheelers say to one another.  HEHE!  Anyways I am going to go peeps.  See ya'll soon.  Bye bye!!
0	i need to get out... its starting to get to me... =*( help...
0	 http://www.thelouisvillechannel.com/ent ertainment/4335246/detail.html   I really, really hope it's an April Fool's joke. It's something he would do. If it is true... I wish I got to see him live like I was supposed to.  It's so sad.
1	  Hi everyone.  I always wanted an interactive forum on my website, so thanks to Kami Andrews from KamiLand.com, I finally have one!  Have fun!  xoxo  Mason
1	hey how is everyone? Im new here and just wanted to say hi to everyone. I love the get backers. My favorite character is Ban and Shido because its funny that they're always mad with one another.
1	I'm wanting to get into nano-computing with my degree.  Unfortunately, this isn't exactly nano-computing, but it's another example of how much we're going to be able to control our lives and health with very tiny allies.   http://www.wired.com/news/medtech/0,128 6,63441,00.html?tw=wn_tophead_1 
1	i'm so excited about tonight.  it's thursady and you all know what that means...DANCE NIGHT!!!! we're going to panama hatti's tonight instead of the white lion..."saints and sinners party"...ten points to whoever can guess what i'm going as lol...anywho...still stressed as all hell....lots of shit to do for school.  i missed my group meeting last night...i was so busy working on my protfolio for composition that i completely forgot to go to the library so i feel terrible that i let my group down.  hopefully they won't hate me...anywho...it's gonna be a boring weekend b/c i will be doing homework the entire time.  kk, bye for now!!!
1	A cop actually came to my door.  He was waving around handcuffs, flashing a badge so quick I could barely see it, and backed me into my room while unbuttoning his shirt.  I can't believe how giddy he was when he saw that pole. That man can  dance . And he knows how to use that police baton. Rawr.  I'd like to thank my dear son, for the most fun I've had this week. ^_________^
1	     Behold my mighty hair, it grows longer. Dr. Doom is also quite awesome.  
0	...And NEVER come back!  Stupid me, I left both my nylon shell AND my umbrella in Dad's car this weekend, so of course it's absolutely  pouring  on my way to class this morning.  It's only drizzling now, but it doesn't look like it's gonna be stopping anytime soon.  I hate rainy weather.  It gets me down.  Fortunately I have fuzzy cotton pajamas to help me cope.  And HunterXHunter, of course.  The thrilling adventures of Gan/Sue, Kea, Neoleo and Culerpica never fail to cheer me up, although I think I prefer the manga a bit more.
0	So yeah...I have no internet at my apartments...so I will not be able to write in here for a while. So this is Rose saying so long from Iowa City and good-bye for the summer. Peace out dudes
1	Jus finish packing most of the stuffs required for the trip. Seems like im 2 excited abt the trip to go to bed (** wide awake**). Purposely go online to check the WWE show time. So tot of joining since Mr Quek seems to spend a lot of time surfing this site.
1	On my way to see Dane right now...  I drove 6 hours from Milwaukee to Iowa State University to see him with my boyfriend...  I'm SUPER EXCITED!!!  An hour and a half until his performance!!!  I have waited to see him live for years now...and I got so impatient that I decided that I must go see him.  I'm sure that the six hour drive, $85 hotel room, $60 worth of tickets, and countless dollars on gas will be well-worth it!!!!!  Off I go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  *excitement!*
1	I went to a cheese and wine evening at the local music shop on Friday evening where they were promoting things like saxophones and flutes.  There were a few teachers there, and the head of the local music centre too.  She remembered me from when I used to go (about 10 years ago!) and also remembered that I played the 'cello.  Whilst talking to the conductor of one of the orchestras she found out that they were lacking anything lower than a viola so happily announced "Claire plays 'cello... she'll be happy to come along."  What??  WHO?  As it happens I will happily come along, but talk about being plunged headlong!!  I used to play the 'cello in my teenage years.  It's an all adult orchestra and apparently great fun. It's call Note-a-Riot-y, with the emphasis on Riot!! I now need to retrieve my 'cello from Coventry and mend it as it's all in pieces.  But I'm looking forward to starting!
0	I was going to post something - but it's a Dark thing, you wouldn't understand. - b.k. x
1	So       tlahuelpuchi    posted that Joss Whedon (Buffy, Firefly) has signed to write and direct Wonder Woman.  He poses the question of who will play her...      
0	AHHHH!!!!!!  Dave Blood, bassist of The Dead Milkmen just committed suicide :(.
0	greg is gone. i be sad.  i don't really know what else to write.  we all hung out on Saturday night, us with all his friends. I'm going to miss them, they're all so great. hopefully Mike and i will stay in touch... i love that guy. he's so great, so sweet, he says he'll come visit nat and i, hopefully he does... he gave me a little "pep-talk" before leaving. It meant a lot... and i needed it.  Today was a lot harder than i thought it would be. i guess everything was surpressed. i tend to do that... bad, bad, bad. i exploded and i feel a bit better. Felt a little silly, exploding in front to nat's mother... especially with  that  whole situation.   Erich moved in today.   I guess that's all the news for now. i must sleep, i've been getting 3-4 hrs sleep a night for well over a week now.  tomorrow is a brand new day. tomorrow i have an interview.    tomorrow the sun will rise. and i will feel better.
0	From this point on I will do everything in my power to be 100%  oppsoite of my father...Its sad when old pathetic men die alone and unnoticed. Not me though thats not my life to be.
1	sorry, i was having sex so i turned the screen off. then at some point the pooter decided to restart and so it automatically signed into msn.  anyway, kate said something about the set list at birmingham,     Optimistic Dancin In the Wind Thinking of You Get Up and Go Look At You The Walk (Z) Hand In Hand (I) Ain't No Sunshine Underneath Believe Penny & Me Hey MMMBop Crazy Beautiful Where's The Love Gimme Some Lovin Lost Without Each Other  Encore - This Time Around
1	Ok, so yesterday was really hot and humid, but I tanned some more.  ASU campus is really really pretty but because it's a little hot, I got a little tired trying to walk around it while Drew was in class.  After his classes we went over to Dave's condo.  He's Liz's bf who is a girl that went to highschool with both me and Drew.  She's really nice and I had a really fun time with them.  Man, that's what I'm going to miss... double dating, I mean it's really fun to do it and in Seattle... I don't have anyone to do it with.  Oh well.  But, we had Oahmaha steaks... YUMMY!!!!!!, and potatoes and bread with brie.  And I actually cooked.  Then we watched Girl, Interrupted.  That's a good movie, but it's really really long, but I enjoyed watching it.  We are going swimming today after Drew's classes at 2:30.... I'm going to enjoy being in the water!  YES!!  Haven't been swimming since August, it's about time to do it.  Well, gotta go and tan, see you!
0	 I am SO disappointed right now.&nbsp; I was supposed to be going to see  The Phantom of the Opera  tonight, but I just found out it's not playing at the local theatre.&nbsp; Even worse, it might not be coming at all.&nbsp; WTF???&nbsp;&nbsp;I guess I won't be seeing it until the DVD release.&nbsp; I can't even find a crappy downloaded copy to hold me over.&nbsp; Why me??&nbsp; It's not fair.&nbsp; :o(    My only consolation is that  Troy  comes out on DVD tomorrow, and I'll spend hours drooling over all the H/A scenes. 
1	we're down to knick-knack level at horizone i think, little glass/wood/plastic things to pretty the place up :) also need to get pictures since the walls all look a bit bare... tho im no expert on art, so ill probably just get lots of surreal fish :)  Ikea somehow think that 2:30pm is between 10am and 1pm, so our furniture is late. Poor daniel is waiting at home waiting for them while im at work... wait a sec, daniel is being lazy at home while im hard at work ;)  Major stage should be finished by tonight, just some touching up here and there to go and then we can put up the xmas tree! :)
0	augh. Inactivity. That sums up this week. Very wasteful, 'specially for my mind. Again I feel that edge slippin', no drugs or any of the such things taken to cause such an effect, I'm jus' slippin' away. I'vw felt very... forlorn? yea, somethin' like that.    ...yea. I don't really feel like catchin' up on my friend's list right now...
1	tomorrow night will be fun. i really like coheed & cambria; from autumn to ashes is good, and the juliana theory, ehhh theyre ok. not bad, but not a favorite of mine.   colby is driving, adda boy. and wes is coming too. ali most likely as well. that should be rather fun. the four of us.... plus others who will be attending the event.  taking back sunday only a week away. shiiiit im stoked. word
1	  The half day at school went by really fast! then I came home and sat around for a while (because I'm grounded and couldnt go anywhere while my mom was home) but when she left around 4:30 so I went to go see Kyle at mikes. Alexandra and Dillon were there too. It was really fun we watched Old School! I love that movie... I'm going to go eat dinner now... &lt;3333       Love Always, Cassie        &nbsp; 
0	Finally...I have finished dl'ing the last ep of Saint Beast.  Great series, gorgeous boys....disappointing ending.  Gah, they just leave you hanging.  *sniffles, mumbles and goes to dl Sukisho!! ep 1*
0	Dan Scarpa you are a fucking asshole you know that?
1	I haven't actually watched the first episode yet (I'm waiting for the sub) but I have seen the opening and so I thought I would be super nice and rip the mp3 for anyone who wants it. I have a feeling I'm really going to like this series since I'm not really a manga purist and, besides, we get to see FAI ANIMATED! *dies* I can't wait for the Kurogane/Fai dynamic. *winks* I love the manga and I can already see the anime becoming a favorite. ;D    Tsubasa: Resevoir Chronicle OP  -  Blaze (TV Version)  by Kinya  Enjoy, and if I need to reupload it just let me know.
1	&lt;3 i bought the MR dvd today!! yaaaaay!! now i can watch it to my little heart's content &hearts;
0	i have a girlfriend and my mommy and daddy don't like her.  well, i have many girlfriends, actually.  my parents call them "blankets."  sometimes i want to get a little more intimate with them and my parents don't like it.  they get all yelly and tell me to "go, get!"  well, shoot me if i just want to have a little fun sometimes.  i just want to cuddle!  hrm hrm.
1	today was my first monday off. i finally have a weekend now, which is amazing.  it started off with a facial.  then susannah and i went to the art museum to see the degas exhibit. it was amazing.  we danced like ballerinas:     then we did a puppet show:     then we went and got ice cream:      then susannah made her kickass spaghetti stuff, and we watched hours of tv which included extreme makeover home edition: how'd they do that?, the bachelor, super nanny and extreme surgery operation stuff, where they removed almost 2 pounds of a tumor from this kids face. it was intense.   i hope every monday is like this.
1	Oh yeah, I rock. I made a C on my math test. That should get me off probation for a while. I hate word problems! I wish they'd word it in a way that made sense. Who cares about stupid trains going 52 fucking miles an hour? I hope they crash and DIE! If it was about getting your cock sucked how much money you could make in a week, I would so ace that class.
0	Although I am disappointed that Bush won, I honestly would not have been very happy with Kerry as President either.  The only good thing about Kerry being President would be that he isn't Bush.  But I don't like either of the two main parties, and I'm still hoping people will get fed up with the idea that they have to choose between two unsavory options.  Get rid of the electoral college. Get rid of the two party system.  More disappointing to me than Bush winning was the fact that so many people voted to ban same sex marriage... although I imagine a lot of those same people voted for Bush also.  And I'm sure a lot of those same people 40 yars ago would have happily amended their state Constitutions to make interracial marriages illegal.  Ahhhhh.
0	For breakfast I ate a bowl of Trader Joe's O's w/ milk.  I drank a cup of orange juice. For lunch I ate a Cold Cut Combo sandwich from Subway on Italian herb & cheese bread, with black olives, lettuce, tomato, and honey mustard sauce.  I drank a Mountain Dew.  I also ate some regular flavor Ruffles potato chips. For dinner I ate two hot dogs w/ ketchup and mustard.  I had some macaroni salad on the side.  I then ate copius amounts of Tostitos chips and Trade Joe's spinach dip.  I drank a cup of iced water.  Today I wore blue Gap workpants, my Sauconys, boxer shorts, a grey short-sleeved Gap shirt, a black sweatshirt, and the black bubble jacket Lui got me.  Thanks.
1	Lauren just ran into the fusball table... it could actually be the funniest thing i've ever seen her do... very funny.  I must say I agree with Laura about the guy running at MBHS- it was shocking how fast he was.  He was like a deer... only faster.  I went to work tonight- I love work!  I worked with this guy named Judson- who is awesome.  We baked a cake, and then cut it, and then put it into these little plastic boxes.  TRAGEDY- we didn't have any milk, so I went to bruno's to get some. And then we ate some chocolate cake.  Judson informed me that if i were diabetic the cake would kill me.  I told him that i was stuffed and i couldnt eat anymore.  He asked me if i could feel my arteries clogging up.  I actually think i could...  And this is my exciting life. Zoe's is awesome-  -Sarah
1	I had a good day.  Today ran smoothly.... I'm so glad I did this last year, because I was well-prepared with everything!  It was a bit easier than a normal monday because they had orientation stuff for the kids the first period, and last period they didn't go to so they could make sure all the kids got to their busses/vans/car drivers ok.    I think the funniest thing that happened today was:  Me: "Does anyone have any questions?"  Cute little boy: "How many earrings do you have?"    Hehe, kids are SO cute!  The little girl I drive is absolutely adorable... she talked the whole way to camp... I just gave a nod and said "really" and "neat!" a lot and she was happy.    It was cool and breezy today, so that helped make the day a bit nicer!  Tomorrow we actually get 2 periods off for lunch (mondays we go straight through).    I think it's time to unwind with some Harvest Moon!!  It's almost chapter two...  I'll be married soon!
1	 2 days til PoA.&nbsp;     2 days til we finally get a fence in our yard.    2 days til&nbsp;thanksgiving break.     I'm so excited    Joined a&nbsp;couple&nbsp;clubs, if there are any others i should join let me know  
0	Danielle got on and said "no one likes you & I think your stupid" then got off..I feel like crap...I wish I was never freakin born...I hate myself..I'm stupid, and every other insult in the book..Danielle was right no one likes me...at school anyways...if I killed myself who would care? what like 4 ppl?
1	Tomatoes, that is what I'm growing. Three of the little boogers are already coming up out of their little growing pods. I saw the first sign of green this morning when I figured the bathroom window sill would be better, better for moisture when I use the shower. I got a book at Borders lastnight that is teaching me soo much about growing plants. Case I think I have an idea for your dying plant....need fertilizers....organic material...compost.
0	I've moved back to kaete's house  I'll be living here for now on.  I'll prolly move down to the cabin and stuffs  have job interview todaaay  and I am registering for classes on the 16th.   Richie is still going to live down at school   suck suck suck.    I'll post more later
0	Ah, a Wed-nez-day. What a fine (hellhole) day.  Did well on my 12 week history test. Isn't that odd?  But the weird thing that happened today that I was in Speech, minding my own business when i get recruited for a scholastic bowl.  so in less than 15 minutes i was signed up, quizzed, and exported to st. charles north (horrible school in my opinion) and answered trivia questions for about an hour. It was very peculiar, but fun, like Jeopardy!   "What is helium?" "You dont have to answer in the form of a question." "I kinda like it that way."  I also learned that I have to get to school at 5:45 in the AM for speech team, and not only that but my (ONLY) extemp. partner (Gina, yeah! you!) will be M.I.A.  Now I must resort to talking to my box o' files for entertainment and witty remarks.
1	Rehearsal yesterday was soooo much fun. Just what I have been itching for. Dave gave me the bit in scene 3, so now my character is a Ratcatching, Fighting, Pregnant Teen. Jokes abound.  Somewhere in there, Rich and I started talking about using the "baby" and ambilical cord as the actual weapon. It allll went down hill from there.  I get to play with a Quarter Staff. RAWK!
0	i want to be somebody.  i thought you wanted to, too.
0	I see it everywhere and it makes me so depressed I want to scream and cry or something. It shouldn't be such a big deal to me, but it is and always has been and always will be. I just don't understand how things completely work out for some people and completely not for others.
0	Just been to see King Arthur. What a pile of poo. Not helped before it starts by claiming to have historical backing for this codswallop. All in all, I was disappointed. It suffers from poor editing in places too.
1	Hi my name is jeyx and this is my first post on live journal. Lemme tell u about a bit about my self, I enjoy playing the guitar, Collecting anime and hentai pics, vids, and games and I enjoy playin Yu-gi-oh and MTG (Magic the gathering) well, this is my first post, time to share my hentai to this community cya &gt;
1	 What a fuckin week. I feel HAPPY.         I LOVE YOU &lt;3 
1	I baby sit the cutest, smartest and funniest little 2 year old girl in the world..I swear.  Little girls are just pretty in pink.  They are so clever too. She's so freaking adorable and also a handful as baby's usually are :D  She's sort of like a niece to me almost. She has such cute ways...I'm so attached to her now hee. I've kept her since she was a newborn too. She is so gosh darn smart...counting to 12 clearly, she knows chorus to a lot of songs,she says every part of the face (eyes,nose,ears,teeth,mouth, and even hair), she says her grace before eating, and she loves to copy everything she sees and hears.  She calls me by my name...too.  She's just something else...I tell ya.
0	Drunk enough to be depressed and not drink enough not to notice it.
1	Hello, all the foreign fans of SMAP! How do you do??  I wonder, should I get hair cut? It is very long now. Kimura-kun say it look like 爆発頭... how to say that in English... Explosive head?   But maybe if it grow, it will keep ears warm on cold mountain top. Hair keep ears warm, and       tsuyoshi_smap    keep whole body warm! Thank you Tsuyoshi-san!!!1
0	You can got to China town to see this stuff. Asin people have such preety clothes.  picture of asian girl  http://img26.exs.cx/my.php?loc=img2 6&image=asiangirl1fw.png                     
1	finals this week.  blegh.  and aahhhh.  also, i keep losing earrings.  Or one earring of a set.  it sucks.  but good things:  bought christmas gifts for frisbee party and christmas lights on thursday.  watched Miracle on 34th Street friday.  Went to frisbee christmas party where much fun was had, laughter happened until we were red in the face, and cookies were decorated.  with christmassy decorations!  and then came back and watched Elf.  Also, christmas carols all day yesterday while studying.  (:  oh, and on friday we looked at christmas lights.  (:   I LOVE CHRISTMAS!!!!!!  and i'm going home in 4 days!  Where i will decorate the entire house all christmassy!  and we'll buy a tree! and decorate it while listening to the christmas carol tape and drinking hot chocolate and eating candy canes!!!!!  (CAN YOU SENSE MY EXCITEMENT!!!!!?!?!!)  YAY!
1	i have nothing to say, i just want to add another journal entry.  sorry.
0	    We're Gonna Make It After All  I am laying in bed, with Relient K blaring. Awesome. Relient K is the best for random songs, and the new cd is so awesome and Deep at the same time, Way Cool.  What am I going to do with myself these next few days?   Well, I do have: 284 Pages to Read Like 5 Essays To Write A Room To Clean And about 20 Cd's to listen to Well, guess I do have Something to do.  Yeah, I guess there is not much else to say.  &lt;3 Always-Erica
0	      The Badgers played tough.  But... just wasn't enough.  That long-three play they tried late in the game was horrible, though.  Should have driven that one in, or at least SET themselves before throwing it up there (because, really, that's all he did... may as well have shot it from half-court).  To be honest, I wasn't expecting a win today, but they played better than I was thinking they would, and the game was much tighter than I was anticipating.    I'm wearing my Badgers stuff to school Tuesday with pride.  We definitely didn't embarass ourselves today.  :(  
1	Yippy!  I just convinced       sweet_pickles    to let me fill in and interview people for the shower meme which seems to have moved from lj to the world of blogs.  [You know, I am still not clear of the difference, but whatever.]  I'll have to come up with some really good questions.  Oh, yes, and my apologies to my dear fans who have been kind enough to add me to your friends list.  Of course, I have added all of you back. Mwuh!  --pm  xoxo
1	 So... I turned my note in to the Dean's office and got the cds &amp; controller from Kyle.     Hopefully, Sean had a better morning than yesterday. I can't wait until this afternoon.. it's gonna be fun. 
1	Hey, it's       lifeinwords   ' birthday, and I am so glad she's around. And hopefully someday she'll let me send good wishes in person.  In the meantime, ::waves madly, and hugs::
1	Okay, so this is the new Quote dumping grounds.  Put a quote, many quotes, or whatever you want, as comments.  Maybe this'll be a community someday, but for now it's an entry.  One quote per comment, please.  I want to be able to see how many quotes exist at a given moment without having to read them all.    Have fun!!!!11
1	O miean greatest weekend ever! Hung with the greatest person in the world&gt;&gt; Nicole &lt;33 Friday we watched some sout park. Saturday went to Gilford hills to play some b-ball and rackete ball or however u spell it. So damn fun! Then went to wally world. haha found a cool snow boardin/ skiiing place. Im so gonna sleep over next snow storm WOOPWOOP!Then met up w/ brandon john ryan chris and glen @ fun spot. It was a great half hour we hung out lol.. then bowled it up candle pin style. Now im home and i have nuthign to do so later days...
0	  Kip Dynamite (Please rate my quiz)      Which Napoleon Dynamite character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla    And now for something funny...  "Pringles original intention was to sell tennis balls but on the day the rubber was supposed to come a truck full of potatoes arrived but you know Pringles is a laid-back company so they just said 'Fuck it, cut em' up!'" -Mitch Hedberg
0	Really down, stress is getting to me.  Sorry people.
0	crappy day of school...i should've said something/spoke up...teacher looked pissed that we left an hour early before everyone else...and to make things worse:  me - "...i'm depressed..." response - "i gotta go....sorry"
0	So, this is not a self pity journal, hence the title..... I just have no one else to talk to, so why not talk to live journal!  So, its been a while since a real update, and this isn't a real either,but whatever! So nothing major going on, i think chris is mad at me for some reason, didnt get to talk to him yesterday, barely talked to him the day before, havent talked to him at all today and for some reason I just feel like he's mad at me, or is just avoiding me again, or maybe he hates me or just doesnt have time for me? Maybe i'm just paranoid? Who knows??? Geez today sucks...... I might as well just crawl into my bed and cease to exist until monday..... I'm not coming out of my room for the rest of the weekend! Love you all! XoXAmberXoX
0	Happy Halloween!!! Ima loser & i stayed home all night :) did some history vocab....yeah!! hope everyone else is out partying!!
1	YAAAYY!!! I'M ON A SHIP!!!!  A few contacts I had recommended that I tap captains of the few ships up and running and see if they could grant me passage. Hammann let me send a transmission out to the Logos... and lo and behold, Captain Niobe sent a return transmission, allowing me passage on board! Might be a tight fit since they have a full crew, but that happened to me on board the Gilgamesh before it got shot down.  I'm shipping out in 10 hours, so I got that much time to pack my kit, clean my room one more time and set a few things in order before I leave. Oh, and practise responding to the name "Berlin Maguire" again.  Dances off to pack...
1	Hey chickies, am currently waiting for my silly Director of Studies to finish hoing around and meet me (I arranged to meet at 4.00 and when i went there he was talking to someone else joker!) Haven't realy been doing anything of interest, went and saw Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and I would REALLY recommend it! I have even made the bold statement of "I'll get that on DVD when it comes out!" (which with my megre collection of DVD's is quite a commitment!) Also saw Swimming Pool, which apart from the compulsory porn content of any film shown on Thursdays at BUFS, was really good too (I made a promise that I would watch more BUFS films and am doing pretty well! (Am also watching SWAT on Sun! Finally!)). Opps better go back to see Keith!   
0	I was going to update  Got atacked by the mopeys.  Maybe tomorrow.  =^..^=
0	After 2 overtimes, the state of Kentucky is going to need about 4 million prescriptions to Prozac.  .... including me. :(
0	so everyone was at t's tonite so im totally homesick.  but i talked to brenden for a while and jen lilz eric danny and andrew on the phone and i just miss home.  and idk how i got so attached to everyone but i guess i really did.  today....  shopped. bloomingdales nordstrom lucky jeans and ae. spent lotsa money.  successful. dont worry, im going again later this week  and everything else i did just doesnt matter.  im not coming home for like 987324987324 days and i miss it  so call, 4143315132, cheer me up
1	I just order both Viva La Women and Stereo Type A by Cibo Matto, I can't wait till they arrive. :)  Love Kev x
0	Mitch Hedberg is almost definitely dead.     He used to come to Sacramento all the time.  I wish I had seen him when I had the chance.  "An escalator can never break: it can only become stairs. You would never see an 'escalator temporarily out of order' sign, just 'escalator temporarily stairs, sorry for the convenience.'"  Drugs are bad, kids.
1	yes thats right folks casey and i now have a ferret, its tres exciting! her name is addie and she is six weeks old, she fits right in your hand she is so tiny! right now im in forest loving the fall fair, hoooray for turkey burgers, caramel apples, cotton candy, and all other things that make me gain ten pounds in one weekend :) going home today to see casey and addie, cant wait i miss them both
0	Scotland lost to England (and Wales, Ireland, and France :( ). Not overly surprising really, but annoying none the less. Morgan's probably going to give me crap about it at work on Monday too. Oh well, England's only one up in the standings and Scotland at least beat Italy so didn't take the wooden spoon.  Now if I could just download more of the matches. I haven't been able to see a single Scotland one and only two of the four I've managed to download have really been worth watching (Wales vs. France, and England vs. Ireland). Stupid living in a country with no taste in sports.
0	yeah.   competition was okay. well, we won first anyways.  we also got sweatshirts.  cool.  austin and dani got first too.  and so did dance.  yeah for everyone.  but there was some sad stuff going on too.  this would be the last year we would have dani, megan, austin, and marty.  you guys are the greatest.  i love you so much dani.  you make my cheer time the best.  i love you too megan.  you always make me laugh.  i love you austin. you just are always there for me.  and marty...i love you too.  you just always know how to make a fun time out of a serious situation. now im gonna start crying so id better stop typing.  i will miss you guys so much.  i love all of you.
0	I just downloaded and finished reading Death Note chapters 57 and 58.  ....  ;___;
1	today president Bush was inagurated!!! it was awesome! i watched it for like 3 hours since i had exams this morning and the rest of the day off. We're leaving tomorrow at 6 in the morning so that'll be fun.. at least i'll have the whole day in DC... and then i wont be bored all day waiting to leave. yea. well yesterday we had a snow day so we had our exams all screwed up and now theyre on monday so i have to reschedule after i get back... grrrrr! well i'll write more after i get back!   I Love My President!!!
1	Gotta get up, I gotta get goin' I'm gonna see a friend of mine He's round and he's fuzzy I love him because He's just Pooh Bear, Winnie the Pooh Bear  Lookin' for fun, chasin' some hunny bees Pooh Bear I know he's out there Rumblee tumblee, climin' a hunny tree Fun never ends for us, we're so adventurous Least every now and again  And when we're alone and there's nobody home It's nice to be able to count on a friend Like Pooh Bear, Winnie the Pooh Bear Wherever you go, oh won't you take me please Pooh Bear, I gotta be there  It's me and it's you Silly old Winnie the Pooh . . .
1	Yesterday I got the Lonely Planet guide to Bejing, just because I like having something hardbound to read and get excited about.  I've totally been surfing the web and theres tons of great stuff out there - but theres just something about having an actual book.    Anyhow - here are the things the law school has planned for us already:      The Forbidden City      Tiananmen Square      The Great Wall      The Summer Palace     The Llama Temple (couldn't find a good link on this one)      Anyhow - so thats all the major stuff already planned for us.  Now - I need to do research on what I need to do on my own.  :)  Damnit - I should be studying.  Damnit damnit and more damnit.
0	Okay, so now the week truely has sucked.  My ex MIL does have cancer,and it is inoperable.  THey opened her up, looked, and closed her and told the family there is nothing they can do.    My neice came home on time, although she was on a TON of medicine, appeared to be doing fine.  This morning she has had 9 REALLY bad diapers,a nd my sister took her to the ER.  She was literally pooping her insides out.  They are running tests, and at this time have given her a 60-40 percent chance of survival.  Problem is that the 60 percent is against her.  Life sucks....  I am going to take a nap.
0	This weekend was pretty fun.  Friday night I hung out with nathan.  After work we went to Mustangs...got in free, and then after that we rode around for a while then went back to zach mcdonalds and chilled there.  I got a total of 2 hours of sleep all weekend.  Saturday night there was a VIP birthday party at Mustangs and my friend Gary who i work with, who is also a bouncer at Mustangs got me and nathan in again and got us free drinks.  AFter the club we went to garys and chilled with Michael, jace, and Michael's gf.  It was pretty fun.  Didnt go to school today cause i was too tired to wake up.  well thats about it so i guess ima go lay down and listen to some music til i fall asleep.  Peace...leave a comment if you want to.
0	**apologies to trudie for stealing this quote, but its just so perfect! and i will email you soon!!   the quote above, its so right when a friend cuts you out of their life, even though they know its killing you, just because its too hard or they're sick of arguments, were they really a true friend in the first place should i really wait 12 - 16 - 24 months for you to figure out that i was a true friend to you, and now is the time i need you to be a true friend to me...  no i shouldnt  but you know the sad thing?  i will
0	 trying to stay strong and not think about it but its just to hard to do &lt;/3 
0	So, I finaly decided that I have to cut back on some rps. And I rarely use Yuuta, so I'm going to have to give him up. Its not fair to him nor to anyone who wants to play him. :( I'm going to keep Sanada, though. :D So you havent seen the last of me.  Email me (cherprudence@gmail.com) or Aim me (BirdyBabe2) for the password or what not if this journal is going to be used again. 
1	I CAN'T WAIT!  ... for Sin City.    Sin City Early review   MAILEA, READ THAT. IT TALKS ABOUT ELIJAH.   Man, Sin City is going to rock. Trust me on this people.
1	I was not quite so preoccupied with Christmas preparations seven years ago. Seven years ago we had a baby boy! Now he stands up to my shoulder, has started calling me "MOM" in the last couple of days (rather than mommy) and informs me at every turn that he is seven and can do this or that. :)  HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEAN!!!!
1	this is for a reason... it is about to be an episode of passions up in here..     what goes aroud come around....what goes up MUST come down
1	wtf? don't ask...  that was just what i needed a 2 hr break to go to walmart and get shampoo and 2lbs of animal crackers then went and was at the lake for like an hour with brandon and we talked and i threw my crackers at the ducks and screamed "BITCH" when they wouldn't eat them. i rolled around on the table too...but thats another story...  "i have to go home and feed my cat"  "wrong answer brandon"  peace katt
0	Wow, a saturday night, and for once I'm not at work. Been doing lots of stuff. I'm rediscovering how to live life again. Went and saw "Romeo & Juliet" thursday up at Galena. Got to see Mr. Hearn and Mr. Rohrer, which was really neat. Went out to Denny's afterwards, and hung out. Friday I took Lindsey out to Belle's Tea Cottage, and that was fun. And then there's been work. and living off ice cream. And mostly just thinking, and writing it down, and thinking some more. And yeah, that's been about it. I'm just feeling really tired. You'd think I'd know that if I closed last night, and had to help open today, I'd sleep more. Nope, didn't happen. Oh well, more sleep tonight.
0	Thank you both very much for your information regarding my earlier post.
1	I am so glad it's friday. This week seemed to take forever.  But I just can't wipe the smile off of my face today.  I have formal dance that I'm going to tonight, and I am actually excited about it.  I have this great dress and, I'm glad I don't have a date because I have a great group of friends to rock out with.  And there's a band playing "Teenage Wasteland" outside my window.  I love that song.    I've been feeling super good lately.  My friends have all noticed how much healthier and happier I am since I broke things off with my old roommate.  My love life, although non-existent here at school, seems to be on the right track as well.  I'll be home March 10th-April 18th, it seems like i'll be consumed by class during the day, but night time is my time.  It doesn't look like the work load will be unbearable either.    I think that's about it, I'm off to some sporting event or something.  :)
1	Finally hit on a good character design for Caty. Or one that I like better, anyway. She never really looked right with long hair. Drawing my characters out helps me visualize them better when I'm writing, plus it's fun to just sit down and draw for a while.   How come I always get these bursts of creativity at night? I have to get up early tomorrow- i.e., before ten- so I have to get to sleep soon, but all I want to do it write and draw. I half-finished a novel-sized work in April, scrapped it in May because I didn't like how it was going, and now have a good idea for it that would make it a lot better than it was. I'm absolutely itching to write it, but I just don't have time right now. Bah. Maybe I'll write tomorrow if I have any free time in the morning. Me and Maize are going to the New England Aquarium... funfun. I like the aquarium. Especially the penguins.  I want to learn Japanese. The only thing that's stopping me is lack of drive. 
1	i have the best boyfriend in the entire world. no seriously. im happy.
0	My body has as ache that has no remedy... My curves go unnoticed & untouched... My lips feel parched from the lack of attention. I am so young, yet my lifestyle is that of an older woman.... My eyes have cried a sea full of tears, this outlet doesn't seem to be helping any... I am tired of smiling on the outside when all I want to do is curl under the blankets & never wake up... I loath my life & what I have created of it. My past mistakes keep waking from the dead, here only to torture my now restless soul. How do I better ME when I have done so much wrong?! How do I build a life with her when I am so limited to what I can provide??  "As boundless as the sea.."
0	 Don't reach out... Don't reach out...   I miss the warmth and life of the past.
1	Only finals to go now. I really am kinda sad actually, because these classes have kicked so much ass. I remember in October/November I was starting to get burnt out but now it's gonna kinda suck.  Today we had a farewell party of sorts, blowing up pretty much everything that could catch fire.  And it seemed kind of weird that first period won't be with Mrs. Anderson and everyone in the back anymore. In a way it's kind of fitting that that's the last final, because that was probably the best class, then chemistry, then english. Oh, spanish is definitely at the bottom. It's not even in the top four, just because I said so.  So now I go sleep, and later gonna head over to Tara's to study for the chem cuz last time it helped. I think I have to get an insanely high score to keep my A, so I really need to study. And in Spanish too, I'm kinda worried. Basically, this is the first time I've ever worried about not having all As.  So here's to you, 1st term of 04-05.
0	This may only be of interest to me and       zippytheborg   .  However:  Former Miami Dolphin punter Reggie Roby died today of unknown causes.  He was 43.  The story can be found here:   http://www.sun-sentinel.com/sports/s fl-roby022205,0,545893.story?coll=sfla-s ports-front 
1	I invite you  to see my livejournal!!!,  www.livejournal.com/users/andrea_chan Have fun!, but it is in spanish, so I recomend you to learn first spanish, and then see my livejournal.  -andrea_chan
0	I'm sad.  But I don't want to talk about, nor should I anyway.  I just felt like writing that I am sad.
0	Waaah, I just finished watching  Doll Master , and that was SO SAD. I cried so hard for Mina at the end. ;_; The plot got ridiculous and unscary (luckily... I'm far too easily frightened), but still. Gaah. It's all about the faithful Ai in the red dress. *sniffle* Now I almost (not really) want a Saint Mina, just to make it up to the poor thing. But I really don't like her facesculpt, and her Saint dress is kinda frumpy. But looking at the happy Saint Mina sculpt makes me feel better. Eheheh.  Sigh. Must keep knitting so I can save up for my Yennnn!  HAPPY BIRTHDAY NIKI! *glomptacklehugrape*  Happy Faraplush day, PQ! :D  Homework now... Aaah. So happy that all the tests ('cept English) were moved to Friday!
1	Going to a gay a bar with ffion and then to metro's tonight, yey! Gonna be fun!
0	"I want to believe in myself once again..." - Flogging Molly.  I wish i knew what the FUCK was wrong with me.
1	   I JUST FINISHED MY ENGLISH PAPER.  I TOTALLY KICKED IT'S ASS.     This just proves I can -STILL- pull bullshit right out of my ass and make it sound  GOOD  .   Tom is pleased.  I am pleased.  Now, off to have dinner.  I SHALL BE ON LATER TONIGHT.  WHUUUUUT!! 
1	okay people, lets not rest on our laurels, lets do something else with the place!  but what ? what ? what ? any suggestions ? Come on....
1	What a cool dream I just had...  People that know me know that I, besides acting and singing, I like writing.  I have about 20 projects in the works right now as far as writing goes, none of them finished, or even close.  However, I just dreamed that I went to the bookstore and picked up a copy of my book- number 4 out of 7 in the series.  I read through it...I have plot ideas now that I didn't have, I know better where the story is going. New characters, new places...heck, I thought there was only one book, but now I can see the plot elements I was ignoring, that could stand a little fleshing out.  This is neat...  Then, of course, I dreamed about work.  Not nearly as cool.  At all.  But I held the book in my hands...*squeal*
0	Hold my breath as i wish for death oh please if there is a god wake me
0	What a sad St. Patty's day it is.  Here I am stuck at work because I did the "responsible" thing and not take off today and tomorrow.  Am I crazy??  Or maybe the days of my youth are ending.  What a sad thought, makes me want to cry.................
1	I've been listening to Crowded House pretty much the entire day.  I've always known their s/t album was good, but in the last two days, it's become just fucking brilliant.  Especially "World Where You Live," "Don't Dream It's Over," and "Love You 'Til The Day I Die."  Brilliant, everything.  Sheer pop goodness (with a light 80s touch).   EDIT:  "Now We're Getting Somewhere," too.  This track's music is excellent.
1	*flails* Liiive, little community! LIIVE!  HI! I'm new to the QE fandom, but my first fic (and first love! Sigh) was Thai, so here I am! I'll be writing some more... eventually... so, yeah. Fics from me!   Crowd: WHOO!  ... Yeah.
1	I wonder what Deepak got me for my birthday.... He says he all ready got it, but I have no idea what it is.  Luisa and Emily are getting me something "funny" tonight. No clue what that will be either.  I was totally dreading my birthday because my parents won't be here, but now I'm super excited for it. Deepak, Aditi, Luisa, me, Amanda, and Emily are all going to dinner tomorrow night. I'm going to ask Kendra to go too, but I think she has a test Wednesday. And then this weekend Alicia and Sarah will be here on Friday and Saturday... and everyone will be going out all weekend... and I'm just excited. I wish my family could be here more than anything, but my friends are the next best thing. Plus most of them are like family anyway.  I'm going to be doing homework like crazy tonight and Wednesday night. Like CRAZY.  Deepak and Big Ken are soulmates.  ~On the flip
1	...how amazing it is to see a room full of women doing butterfly turns with coloured chiffon veils fluttering around them and thinking, " I taught them that... "
1	we are going to make sushi today ;) bless Jen and Hazel for sharing their knowledge of sush with J-funk and I. They are fabulous ladies. yesterday we all had Shabbat dinner at Hillel. It was pretty cool.. and the food was delish.  i've been wanting to make sush for quite some time now. I hope it turns out well. tonight we will party it up for Ben-bo! i won't get drunk because i did that last week and I hate throwing up.. I always underestimate how much alcohol will affect me now that I don't drink every weekend. I'm no longer the girl i was my senior year of highschool.. i remember it used to take 8 beers for me to get a buzz.. i'm happy that no longer happens. i don't even like beer anymore.  adieu &lt;3  milla  i slept ten hours last night.. i have no idea when the last time i slept that much was.
1	I've got another must-have song recommendation with the lives of pets at stake.   Donkey Kong Country 2 "Thrash the Plank" OC ReMix   DOWNLOAD IIIT  So yeah, rented Metroid Prime:  Echoes.  It's Metroid Primey.  Which is good.  Got the first suit upgrade, looks bitchin'; no more simple texture changes for this bounty hunter.  And that's about all there is to say.  Goodnight.  At 2:44PM.
0	Well thinks have been looking down for me. I cried last night like I never cried before. I play off I'm alright, I know I'm not. I miss it all, every little part of it. I've decided I will go on just like always, just ping ponging around wondering when things will come together for me. I'm going back to school next year, I have a awesome job, but wouldn't you know it I knew something had to give. Everything can't be prefect for anyone you know somethings has to go wrong. I tried to watch tv last night to take my mind off of things. Yea, every romantic movie in the world was on. I had to watch Van Helsing just so I could make it throught the night with out doing something harmful to myself. Maybe something will happen that will change things for me. I don't know, but I'm not puting my faith in it. I sure things will be like this for about four to six months. Just enough time for me to get used to it. Well I need to get off here and go back to work.
1	kate's eye is all swollen and pink. it's cute and funy at the same time. i smile when i look at her and she knows it's cause im staring at her puffy eye. hahahahhahaha.   i should have more simpathy but i don't. she made fun of my crappy, chocolate chip cookies and now i can laugh at her eye. payback time. never mess with cookie karma-     it'll get ya!
1	OMG I LOVED FRIDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ok... for lunch .. i went to jareds house, and i skipped 4th period also (god damnit, shaun had to be there), and we were watching family guy... and sitting on the couch 2gether, it was nice.. :) i hate 4th period... i wish i didnt have it! ARG!!! but..we'll see... i get a detention, and jared has like 4, so im gonna go to detention sometime soon... haha...
0	I may well be suffering from insomnia. I can't remember the last time I've had a decent night's sleep after from the odd day, I slept for 10hrs but then again I was still tired after that. Yeah a chat with my sister has helped to put me a few things in perspective, like too many things are obviously running through in my strange mind of mine. Summary of problems: Degree dissertation, future career, finances, the house, the future wife, the wedding, the so-called family and friends. Plus I know people are running all over and taking advantage of me and I am too vulnerable to fight them off at the moment. Can you blame me that my assertiveness has blunted?  However, when i get pass my degree then I will probably sleep better at night!
0	i am a horrible person. i really think i am.  i dont even want to think of the circumstances that made me this way.  it doesnt matter, really. the end result is the same. i am a bad person.
0	I am feeling rather glum and unhappy with life right now guys!  I know I have no reason to but...Why is that I have no reason too again?  yes, I am listing things in my head that make me happy but somehow my smile keeps coming up missing-in-action.  sigh...i'll get over it.
1	HEY! *WOOF* HEY HEY HEY! LOOK WHAT       genesis_w    MADE FOR ME! IT'S ME! YAY! IT'S ME! I'M EATING A MOUSE! YAY! THAT'S WHAT YOU GET, MOUSE! YAY!       I RIP AND I TEAR AND I BARK AND I GO "Hey, that's a nice hat!" NO, I DON'T DO THAT! AWW SHUCKS, YEAH I DO! YAY! NICE HAT YOU GOT! YAY TO HATS! I LOVE HATS! I LOVE MY       target_dog    HAT! YAAAY!  -TARGET DOG!!!
0	Well I was happy in my new job for a week.  Today I had to go back to primary for some annual training and was informed that I would be comeing back there permanently to my old shift because I my boss' opinion my talents and knowledge was wasted at my day job.  So now instead of my nice cooshy day job working 6 to 3, I get to go back to the hell that is shiftwork.  sigh................
1	AHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!! *freaking out* i can win kittys busted drumhead, ties from lynz and steve and..best of all...   LIL JIMMY URINES UNDIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   meep!            good thing i entered that damn contest...
1	well this is just basically my weekly update to let you know im still alive... i really dont have much to say this weekend was boring but im sooooo very very happy that this semester is over   one more semester till i graduate! omg that is so hard to imagine... the countdown is almost over. in 5 months im going to be gone and it will be time to start a new life in a place where i can start over as myself  to me i dont know but high school just seems like a 4 year passing time during which i meet several aquaintances who i see at school we talk and thats it and ill never talk to them again in 5 months. i can count my actual friends on one hand and those are the only ones who really know my personality. the rest of you have no idea who i am so hahahaha to you  its so weird though... im out of here in 5 months i dont think ive realized that yet but i am definately looking forward to leaving this place but hey one more semester take care all  -james
1	"There are 10 types of people in this world.  Those that understand binary and those that don't".
1	Nevermind that last one. Tonight was wonderful. I'm suddenly gaining some comfort from the realization that I have no real control over what happens in my life. Things are going to happen however they will happen, and no amount of planning will make it perfect. Even though there were disappointments and misinterpretations all through the day, I feel no sorrow towards them. (It seems so clear right now.) Do you think we can all learn this from eachother? I do.
0	Okay, Valentine's Day sucks.  I couldn't agree with Emily more.  Hallmark made up Valentine's Day just to make single people feel bad.  I wish I had a boyfriend.  But, then again, I don't because guys suck.  Oh well. I'll have to write later when I have more time.   Later, Leah
1	on the loose to climb a mountain on the loose to be free on the loose to live my life the way i think my life should be for i only have a moment  and the whole wide world to see....  that's as much as i can remember from the song, its the last song that we sang at walker creek. oh man, it was soo much fun. I loved every single thing about it, the food, the kids, the weather, eveything was just awesome. I totally wanna go back in the summer to be a councelor, it would be so sweet. anywayz more WC stories to come, i must go and take my first proper shower in 5 days.
0	so bush won. that's all i have to say. i don't feel like getting angry right now. so on to happier subjects. i've finally done some more adult things. every day i feel older and it's sad and cool at the same time. this past friday brandon, courtney, kelsey, and i went to a strip club. too much money spent, but still fun. let me know if you're interested in going next time we (we being whoever wants to go) go. probably won't be for a little while though.  having little of a curfew is definately fun. my parents aren't as near as strict as they used to be.  i voted. of course it didn't matter because ga is full of idiots. yay for ignorant bigots.  yeah. i'm done with this post. bye.
1	It is always nice to rekindle friendships.    Ah, today was good and I went to a job fair at the Mystic Marriot.  Hopefully I will get a job that I really want.  I just want to get a phone call back from some where!! I need to work in my field considering I have no experience.  Well, Wish me luck! lol.. I love being home!
0	My dad's dead...  He's gone... It's so weird...  My uncle Jim called me about an hour ago... My Uncle Jim who I haven't talked to in about, what 10 years...  He commited sucide...  The first thing that popped into my head is he finally tried to kill himself and it worked... He finally completed something... And it feels weird that that's the first thing...  It was nice hearing from my uncle again...  My Dad is dead...  I don't know what to feel...  He left everything to me and my sis... I know he doesn't have much, but he left it to us... His sucide letter said at the end, " I love my girls.  Bob"    It's so stupid...  He loved us so much, but he was never there, never...  No matter how many times we tried to get him to be...  I don't really know what to think or feel....
0	 Made a Keira Knightely wallpaper for a friend,thought I'd post it here too-I'm kinda proud of this one:    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;        Weird,she's on almost every girl I know "to do" list,but not all that popular among guys...they all&nbsp;still want Pamela Anderson,lol.    p.s.:the most annoying thing is to wait all day long for a phone call that never comes!We hates that! 
1	rehursal was really good yesterday. thx 2 hannah & sam who helped me w/ my singing.  HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY!!!...a day late... i like having the day off of skool. i got 2 sleep in for like the first time in a month. b-day weekend is comming up...i wish i could go 2 the dance 2night...but i can't T_T i have rehusal @ 4.  **HANNAH**- shes so sweet 2 every1. shes so talented. shes a wonderful singer. shes hot.  KISS
1	love, its the wave i ride, that won't ever reach the shore. overwhelmed by the tide and wanting nothing more, tonight. than to take this time and make it all mine. its coming around again. every now and again sometimes, i get lost on the wind of a dream. the air gets clean and the seas get wide. and i can do anything. the pain it won't even cross my mind. it's wanting and everything. the rope gets loose and the chains unbind. and i can do anything.
1	The Soul Hole @ the Foundation DJs Flavor Dav + Spring Break With Yr Ship's Bartender, Don Nelson 2718 N Bremen Street, MKE, WI 53212 Monday, 18 April 2005, 2200 hrs - close
0	  i need a boyfriend so bad but i dont kno who to go out with...so if u kno someone i should go out with then tell me cuz i need a boyfriend for valentines day i mean if i could stay with them that long lol...       &nbsp;      &nbsp;     &lt;3333 BrIaNnA HoPe SpArBeL   
1	So children what did we learn today...  ~Someone told me i have street cred ~Don't wear rainbow brand flip flops when it's raining ~I don't suck that bad in math ~Trevor stinks at sharing an umbrella  ~Ms. Walkers number game is like guessing area codes ~It's okay to play hangman in March LoL ~The 'stache remains ~________'s brother is really cute  ~It helps when the test booklet is all colorful ~As funny as it sounds, I masticate gum hahaha
0	 All good things must come to an end.  Unfortunately, I have to leave Mexico and leave for Arizona tomorrow and then head back home after a week. =(  I'll miss Mexico and all the people, my cousins, my new friends...the food, the weather...I'll miss everything!!!
1	  Well I went out again with Marcelo, Louise and Karolina. I was weird, really. I was laughing all the time. I don't even know why. And they were looking at me like I was crazy, I guess I was a little bit haha :)      We went around in the park and just talked. Then Amanda called and we went to see her on the way. I ran to her, I missed her a lot. I haven't seen her in a whole week. She is all tanned, I hate her haha :P We ran to each other and huged, and she told me everything about sälen and how it was there and stuff. Sounds like she had a great time!  Right now I am talking with people on MSN messenger. Its fun. And I was checking my e-mails. I still have all the mails from rae. God, it feels like such a long time ago. Now when I was reading some it just remineded me of how I everyday used to run to the computer and see if I got a mail from her. And all the cute thing she has written, it made me smile to read them.  Well I don't have much to say. See ya!  
1	It's coming fast, didn't get much time to prepare but I think I'm ready n.n;; Been running around the compound(after deciding Nevar's VR really needs to get in shape I ran him into the ground!~laughs~ But he did good)  getting excited about it, already got my 'uniform' in with my teams logo thing. I'm still trying to convince myself that I'm not going to make an idiot of myself in my first race.(well first in a LONG time c.c;; (least me running around :3)  ~checks that everything she 'needs' is ready for tomm-..~  So yeah have to check the date, either um..tommorow or the day after &gt;.&gt; I JUST got the email um two hours ago c.c;; So now, I must probably hide from Nevar(or anyone else who would want to know the date since I did know it 2 hours c.c) incase of tickles so yeah off to have a quick jog on the treadmill then something who knows n.n
1	Everything went well.  Here's my little angel!      http://www.ofoto.com/PhotoView.jsp?UV=6 95907701836_11293515605&collid=20124515605&photoid=97154515605 
1	Going to my next concert in April with a friend of mine.... Greenday and My Chemical Romance....  Dude.... seriously... I may be seeing MCR three times this year.... crazy shit.  And... I got three new cds, two new games, and a flat PS2...  Family sold a house... money!  HOORAY!!
1	 So... Sean's surgery was done today. He seems to be doing ok and I can't tell you how happy I am about that. Yep... hopefully, the next week will be ok and everything will go back to the general greatness.     My mom seems to be searching my room for something while I'm not here. I'm not exactly sure why or what she's looking for but oh well, she isn't going to find much. I wish she would leave me alone...    Anyway... rough morning, long day, even longer bus ride home, then good news. Things don't suck.  
1	Okay so a long time ago, Ryan finally asked me to marry him!  On thursday, Dec 23 at approx. 11:20 pm, I became officially engaged!  It is gorgeous, 0.4 carat diamond surronded by 33 diamonds on the band...it is absolutely wonderful.  I have to go back to school on monday, which is  a drag, but I am happy to see Ali, Michelle, and Miren again!  Enough for now...HAPPY NEW YEAR!
0	Malik-kun...we need to talk. Now. Ryuuji-nii-san is with Marik-yami-san. But he needs you.... This isn't going to work. Please, respond to me. I'll take care of Rishid-san. If you don't trust me, if I'm not good enough, will hire the best nurses around. We'll do whatever it takes. Please, please...please.
1	I spent the weekend at  Intercon E , playing LARPs and talking with old and new friends.  I got to play some very interesting roles, from an  Old Salmon  to  the United States Navy .    However, by and large, it was a weekend of playing mooks.  I spent most of my hours in situ playing random seamen, loyal security guards, and pack mules for commando teams.  I went dancing until 0430 on Saturday night, only to realize I had to be up, prepped, and ready to go for another session at 0900.  I got home last night around 0900, and promptly collapsed into bed and slept for the next 12 hours.  Thank god for late shift.  Oh, and if you haven't seen it yet, I recommend   TmsT's Zero Wing Rhapsody .  It's not dead yet!
1	This is my first post to this journal.  Let me thank       pramod    for giving me his account code, and also       rajith    for helping to get the same.
1	       snowinandblowin   &nbsp; secret santa presents!!! I just wanted to say thanks so much for my present. I tried for about 40 minutes to leave a message on the webpage about it, butI seem to be having a bad day when it comes to computers :S As for who it is? Well I know there are a lot of people on my flist who can make great layouts, or can at least get someone else to make them one, so that's not much help. In fact the only 2 people I recall mentioning that they can do layouts were       quinn222   &nbsp; and       halogirl8    . Now I'm pretty sure it's not       quinn222   &nbsp; since I think she mentioned writing a fic, so it could be       halogirl8    , or it could be someone else completely. I have no clue whatsoever.    I'll go and put the new layout up soon, but since I've blown the internet at home, it might not right away.&nbsp; 
1	       Defiance, Ohio  - Introspective, fun, sweet folk punk played with stand-up bass, violin, cello (amongst guitar and drums). AND they do a Gorilla Biscuits cover!    Hi Ho, Six Shooter!  - Some real&nbsp;heartfelt&nbsp;country/folk. Songs about being a cowboy and life on the range, really good stuff.   Stop This Fall  - Political melodic hardcore punk played the way it should be: fast, loud, and with passion.   Run Away, Hemingway  - Stripped down acoustic folk/punk rock.&nbsp;A bass, a guitar, and a harmonica (well, a voice too).  Jenny Cash - Selene from Lead Skillz playing an acoustic guitar and singing.   No drinking, No drugs please, it's my parent's house, and i like being able to have shows here. Come, rock out, and have fun!
0	Well so far this weekend was really great and really bad.  Last night i hung out with Pat (that was the great part incase you were wondering)  and today i did absolutely nothing.  Nothing nothing nothing.  Psh Tomorrow i'll probably do the same.   For some sad, pathetic reason i was actually looking forward to this weekend.  Now it just sucks.  I was actually looking forward to pat coming home, and now i'll barely talk to him.
1	Had my second interview today and I am pleased to say that I was offered and accepted a job at MatTek in Ashland doing cell culture, PCR and ELISAs.  This is a 20 minute commute from my house and about 30-40 mintutes from Worcester. After all the crap I went through this week, this is indeed my shining moment.  A company is excited about having me join the team and they have a few projects that they want me on specifically b/c of my background.  It's nice to feel wanted. And the pay increase doesn't hurt either. ;)
1	And another.. me=inspired!  DI I: The Window - February 6, 2004  she looks at you with those eyes that have all the meaning in the world wrapped up in them and you can't help but stare until she asks you what's wrong and of course nothing's wrong in fact everything is perfect and so all you do is kiss her on the nose to tell her everything is alright and she holds you even the more tightly and you both go back to "watching" the movie until it happens all over again.
1	 my costume, a cowboy:              and the moment all have wanted to see......Space Man:     &nbsp; special thanks to Oscar for the pic. 
0	Why does love have to hurt? Why does love have to leave emotional scars? Why does love have to torment and judge and hate and bring pain? Why does love have to be so far away from me? I hurt. I wish he was here. He's so far away. I want to go back home.
1	I just heard a new Radiohead song.  Goodness.  Excited!  They are wonderful.  It's very exciting.  hooray!  edit: FeC got me it technically. It is appreciated it a great deal, and meant I didn't have to wait another half an hour to hear it. He is nice. This means he doesn't have to refer to them as "Gaydiohead" because of his being unappreciated and all. Or something. hehe. :P
0	My cat got hit by a car.. we had to put her down.... :-\
1	haha, doin' a lot of entries.  I found this on Jordan's journal.  Comment and fill it out hehe!   1. Who are you? 2. Are we friends? 3. When and how did we meet?  4. Describe me in one word:  5. What was your first impression?  6. Do you still think that way about me now? 7. What reminds you of me? 8. If you could give me anything what would it be? 9. How well do you know me?  10. When's the last time you saw me? 11. Ever wanted to tell me something but couldn't?  12. Are you going to put this on your LiveJournal and see what I say about you?
1	my car is non functional, i am going to pay sarahfina $100+ to learn stick and use hers til we get mine figured out, its really super of her, and i am grateful.  school is nearing its close, only 5 class days left for me and then finals and graduation. hopefully with a big party following the ceremony.  we find out about our address at the end of this month, we registered at Walmart under their housewarming gift section.  terry didnt get the week off for the canoe trip but hes going to try and get Ian, (pronounced Eye-an) My bakery's fedex guy, to switch with him. we have to wait and see.  working on homework, then theres some karaoke tonight  -ciao
1	Today was awesome... Went to Lindsay seen my mother and brother uncle and grandpa. Mom, uncle Buck and I went to see grandpa. He is doing so much better then he was last time we went to visit. I was so happy!!! He was so talkative and seemed really positive this time. I hope he can come home soon. He says he will be coming home soon (:   Tomorrow tells all basically, the  big meeting.  * Crossing fingers* I always give myself a present ever year. This year, the only thing I wanted was to visit grandpa, The best present I've ever had was to see him happy today. I want to wish a special thanks to Shannon , a great person and a great friend. Thanks for the cake (: put a smile on my face! The  only thing I wish for more then what I already have is so far away it makes me sad to think I will never reach there again. It seems like a dream now...Why can't it be? So far and few in between..Round and round in the circle game.
0	I've been out shopping with my mom and sister since 11am. We're just now getting back. I got my ear's pierced...again. Maybe this time I won't have to let the holes close up. Anyway... I am sooooo bored. I need to not be around my family right now. But it's lookin like this will be another fun-filled, family weekend. Sweet. And I'm kinda mad at myself, this was gonna be the weekend where I wrote all my college essays. That did not happen. I lose. I'm not gonna get into any colleges and I will work at the gas station.
1	i just found out that when my mom goes out of town this weekend, she's leaving her car here.... so basically, i get full use of it thursday, friday, saturday, and part of sunday.  YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	If it's wrong to slash Danny and Martin from  Without a trace  then I don't want to be right...that is all.  Ahem...
0	Lonely. Lonely. Lonely. Lonely. Lonely. Bored. Lonely. Bored. Lonely. Bored.  It seems like forever since I've had a chance to really sit down with anyone and just -- communicate. I just want a little personal contact. Maybe a pat on the back to let me know I'm on the right course.  People shouldn't pay you attention and then just lose touch, you know?
1	Hey guys...I hope everyone's Easter is going as good as mine!!  Happy Birthday to my cousin Katie!! =)
0	Mia was so sad that the fog had "disappeared" Canary Wharf that she cried. And cried.  And cried.  So I looked it up on google and showed her a picture.  That cheered her up and that, my friends, is one of the (only) purposes that the internet serves.  Just after I typed the above, she leapt on, scratched and bit me.  Now I just feel really sad and futile.  I hate days like today.
1	Thank you to everyone who made my going-away party so amazingly perfect! I got the two cameras developed and I’m taking the pictures with me, I love them so much. I leave tomorrow for the UK and I will miss you all so much, thanks for such a great send-off.   I have to go get everything 100% ready and go to bed. I’ll update as soon as I can from the UK. Wish me luck on my new adventure, I &lt;3 you all.
0	I must say I have the best Italian teacher in the world, I'm sure he will make for sooo many amusing posts on here.    Anyways I write mainly about Southern hospitality and how I hella love people from texas.. let me explain this man came into work over the last few weeks w/ his thick texas accent, really great guy would always joke around, had trouble saying some stuff, kinda reminded me of an older George W Bush.    Anyways the other night was the last night and I just realized I miss that guy.... I mean we talked for like 10-20 mins each time he would come in, etc... and you know he was one of my favorite customers..    The point of that is I'm a Southerner at heart in many ways i guess.  I hope he comes back to visit cali again.  Else I'll have to move to texas, look at all they've turned out in Music, the Simpson sisters and also Alan Jackson, and of course that little cutie Hillary Duff..  It's not new either, Roy Orbisnon, Willie Nelson, Buddy Holly, God bless Texas.
0	         So, I had this dream friday night that our house was infested with large gray rats.&nbsp; Our backyard was filled with them, and they were eating each other and trying to get into our house.&nbsp; There was blood everywhere and it was....not nice.&nbsp; My dad and I were standing in the driveway, trying to get into the kitchen door and they where swarming around us and clawing us.&nbsp; When we got to the door, it barely opened, and when we got inside, there were rats on the counters and on the floor.&nbsp; And for some strange reason, Danielle, Jimmy, and Dave were all there sitting on a couch, acting like there was nothing wrong.&nbsp; When I mentioned the rats, they were all like, "yeah, whats your point?" and acted like I was being irrational....      Just thought&nbsp;I'd share...&nbsp;   
1	New LJ colors and layout. Sybbie made it for my birthday. She rules. It's The Libertines. With Boys In The Band lyrics. I told her AGES ago that I wanted something like that. She really, really rocks. The colors are kinmda wonky, but whatever. It's black. And it kicks ass.  Um. Nothing happening in my life. Went to the movies with Carol and Deby to watch The Grudge on my birthday. It was creepy. And the horrible thing that appeared first was so not the one that showed up later, it was fuglier.   School begins soon. Yay!/Blah! I'm tired of doing absolutely nothing all the time, but I  love  sleeping and I won't do much of that when school starts. In about two weeks. They're so stupid. We're getting a week off for Carnival a week after it begins. Dumbasses. Just start it AFTER Carnival. And I'm having one extra class every Monday and Thursday. Gah. 9 hours and 5 minutes is too much time to be at school. At least it's not a whole day more.
1	I got a visit from shreyo allison chris and peter.. that was very nice and it made my day! thanks guys! Oh yeah. my ankle is broken
1	wishin' everyone a happy valentine's this year!!   to my friends who are in relationships: have a great day today and rejoice in the love that brought u two together! the love u sustain is the kind of love i envy and the kind i hope to one day be able to share with someone special. i am so happy that u have found somebody worthy enough of ur love. and don't forget, if they happen to know quality single men, u know where to give 'em directions to! hahaha =p  to my fellow "single" friends: it's been a helluva time w/ u guys!! don't know why any one of u are single since y'all so damn fabulous and beautiful in so many ways! wish i knew quality men because i'd set any one of u up in a heartbeat. until the day when some very lucky man crosses ur path, we'll be havin' some great stories to share. maybe some embarassing ones but life's all about entertainment. so girls, go out and entertain me. hee hee!!! =)
1	An Arabic breakthough has just occurred.  I rolled my r!  And I have to document it, because it will probably never happen again. *L*
1	im feeling a bazillion times better  you wanna know why  its because im getting laid this weekend  from more than 2 guys  holla at that
0	Why do things sound so good get planned and then they all of a sudden fucken fall all apart!!!
1	I'm goooooiiiinnnnggg!!!! GONE!   Tonight I'll be on a plane to a warm island. Bwaha!!! This vacation is done stressing me out. I was missing my discman, that gave me heart attacks. I lost my cell phone, that almost killed me. Then I could'nt find my cheque from my birthday for some extra money ( I actually found that!). Then I could'nt find my sun glasses from Mexico, a pair that I'm fairly sure that I broke so I threw them away. So this morning I went to go buy some new ones from the drug store. They are pretty, because they are pink with green sides. Hehe! So now I am veeerrryyy excited. But I have to do alot today. Like pack, make a list of what to pack, make sure my legs arn't completly groddy before I go swimming (they are all dry... ewww).   I feeeeeellll HHHAPPPYY!! WEEE! YES! Now I am  all messed up. Less then I was last night, but very close I suppose.   So this is my last post for a week or so.     I won't be coming to school until Wednesday.       ...Good bye.
1	I got my Fruits Basket DVDs back! I'm so happy...and Laura got me the coolest, prettiest birthday present today! Wow...It's a large decorative hair comb with green jeweled flowers, and I learned how to do different hair styles with it. I can't get over how pretty it looks...So many thanks and hugs to Laura! You are such a wonderful friend! And not just because you bought me a shiny thing lol You're an awesome person and a great listener!    Tomorrow is my birthday, but until earlier I wasn't really in the birthday mood. This is an awkward year...19. I feel younger than I did last year, if that makes any sense. I can't wait until my 20th. I vow to have a real party then! Tomorrow I'm going to dinner with Val and Laura, then we're going to see House of Flying Daggers...which looks absolutely stunning (not to mention the Japanese Orlando Bloom!), and has gotten great reviews. I'm excited! I love hanging out with Val and Laura.    Sparkly!   
0	Well the holidays are now over and we can all get back into our normal routine of work...blah!...I must say this holiday this year was alot better than last year.X-mas at the folks was nice and glad Wuff came along and New years was quiet but i'm not complaining because i got the spend it with a cute doggie *patpat goodboy*.  On a sour note my ebay auction which i won the right to buy an offical Survivor prop seems to have fallen through on the sellers end.It was an offical auction for charity which they do every season but i cannot make contact to ask how much for shipping to canada.I've sent 6 emails now and the last was a warning saying that this is the last one i will send and will but negative feedback.I'm giving them 2 days now..i'm not holding my breath.
0	My inner European is French, go figure. I'm tired of trying.  I'm at it again, and this time it's a tough one. Don't worry, girl, I got your back and none of your problems are without solution.  I very badly want to move to France. Just to live and be happy for a while. I want those days in which I was truly happy to come flooding back. A few people saw me at my most happy.
0	  MWAHAHAHAHA!! you are KYO-CHA...uh..sama!!! ^_^ you like sleep, scaring people, and uh.....fluffy bunnies??? very interesting indeed...      Which Dir en Grey member are you most like?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	Yay, my first ever entry. I'm Annie. My sister Toni and my mom are on the floor playing Uno, and my dog is stepping on the deck, causing my mom to curse all sorts of bloody hell on him. Today, I went to Toni's soccer game, which they won. Toni just won Uno. We had enchiladas for dinner tonight, much yummyness. I got up at noon, and really haven't done much since, so I'm off to do more of nothing.
1	yay! i can see now..i have been able to see for a week!! its so much fun i dont have to squint my eyes anymore..and even better my left wrist is getting better i started writing with it today and tomorrow im gonna be able to practice for colorguard!
1	Oh wow I can't belive it!!! They voted me in!!! I guess I'm an official member of the mallrats now. This is great. Mouse and I are going to pick out a room for me. And tomorrow I'm going to the market to get some more food. This is going to be so much fun! I should go now, I don't want to keep Mouse waiting. I'll write more tomorrow Journal! Love Always *~*~*~Gel~*~*~*
0	I'm caught up in this dilemma of music. I've been researching a lot of good bands lately, and stuff. The Interpol show was fucking awesome, one word: indescribable. Great band. Blonde Redhead opened for them who performed great as well. So after a lot of research and effort, I am stil unable to find Bloc Party tickets. Apparently they are getting really popular in the U.S. with tickets going for $91 on ebay. A little over my budget. Also, HFSTIVAL is having SWEET bands this year, such as Coldplay, Interpol, Garbage, Foo Fighters, Jimmie's Chicken Shack, and others. UNfortunately, I cannot attend that either because my cousin's wedding falls on the same date. Go figure. All these fucking awesome bands coming around just as I'm caught up in the hype, and I can't be there. I am truely stressed. :-/
1	 &nbsp;     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;      Final Four baby  !!!!!         &nbsp;     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yea! GO STATE!!! WOO HOO!!!       &nbsp;     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  This has been an awesome birthday ! :o)       &nbsp;    &nbsp;  
1	hey everybody. im doin just fine and dandy. me and kristin even have a hot date tonight so im excited.  lol its kinda a pretend date but we're gonna watch a movie and cuddle and shes dressing up and shes gonna look so pretty. i cant wait.   finals coming up. meh. scary paper i have to right tho.  college is fine. i do need to remember to sign up for that other class i need to. dammit i have another 18 hours next semester again! actually 19 first half 17 second. it sucks but oh well. friday still almost free which is cool. l8tr everyone
0	So we thought we were second semester seniors Ah! Deluded indeed for nay This fact has been thus far irrelevant for the teacher as they gleefully pile on the tests and the projects and the busy work and more tests and projects and busy work I will go and drown my sorrows with a beer. So much for second semester senior year.
1	I have decided to go on a diet. I realize I am too heavy, and decided to lose 20pounds and develop muscle in my stomach. Im drinking only 1 soda a day instead of my usual 5-6 a day, the rest of the day its all water. Im also eating very little, and running a mile a day with 60 crunches after the mile. In 2 months I expect to see dramatic change   P.S- Im going to Skinny Puupy with my friends K-la(the predawhore) and Raquel this Friday. Its gonna be great, I fucking love skinny puppy, there new CD creped the fuck out of me
1	Yesterday David arrived home from England. After such an exhausting journey you might think he'd have a week of rest before even thinking about doing anything else. But after little more than 24 hours he is off again but this time to Vanuatu and this time not alone. Vivh, Ringbark, Mespot, and I are going as well.  So in a few hours I'll be off, so I guess I'll spend my remaining time playing assorted games on the Computer or browsing the internet.   That's all for now and probably all for two weeks.  Matthew
1	To my Hols...  HAPPY 21st!  I hope you had an amazing birthday because you deserve it!  Thank you for being my sanity and my friend for the past 2 years.  I am blessed to have you in my life.  Much love to you, and have a drink for me!:)
1	brandi's cat got killed on the highway yesterday. it sucks. i went over a lot sooner than i had planned to and studied a lot less than i had planned to. it kind of turned into a crappy day for the both of us. we are both sick. we both had to sit surrounded by idiots and clones when we saw mitch hedberg and we both had to get up early for school after getting home late and blah blah blah. then as we were driving home though, i felt a good feeling. this is what i want. someone i can just share the shittiest day with and when it's all over, not care one bit. i feel like that with aaron as well. just less hand holding. there's some! but not as much. we are the down and outers.
0	Are they really ending  Carnivàle  with this (typically short) season? That's ridiculous!   UPDATE:   AHA!  Well, that doesn't mean the show will be renewed, but it does mean that they haven't forced the ending prematurely in anticipation of being cancelled, which would be even worse.
1	The ballots have been cast. Our resolution for this year is as follows:   Resolved: the United States federal government should establish an energy  policy requiring a substantial reduction in the total non-governmental  consumption of fossil fuels in the United States.    Let's get crackin!
1	We want to welcome Baby Brandon who joined the playhouse on December 15! (I'm a bit slow with the welcome as I was a little busy wrapping at the time) We also welcome Baby Natalie and 3 year old Tarrah to the playhouse.  They joined the playhouse on Jan 5th.   Yesterday we went to Disneyland with Andrew, big Alyssa, Daniel and little Alyssa.  We certainly enjoyed ourselves as the park was relatively empty!  Andrew and big Alyssa got to ride 7 big rides with no more than 15 minute lines!  What a great day!
1	Im leaving for maine tonight on a three week kayaking trip, goodbye everybody
1	got my phone today.....  cell #  989-882-5031  TWO WAY 131*225330*15  bout time....well hit that up well nothen today just messin around...get to go in at 10 thats cool....oh well....well...prom with sarah is goin be sweet lol rahcel don't worry...tynesha u better be there tomarrow...lol  hollar at ur boy
1	bought a new domain and a new service. cyberpixels is my hero. the domain name is vitalized.net. it's not up yet, but it will be in the next week. i'm startin school on wednesday so i plan to get some of it done before then. i'm taking down digitaltearz.com. i've grown out of it and i'm just tired of it. starting anew.   conor's brother is moving to atlanta for the summer so i get to put my computer on his big desk in the dining room. it rocks in there. conor and i are gonna own the house this summer :) hehe. hrmm what else...  oh yeah, for anyyyyone who reads this journal, please note that as soon as i get my journal up and running on my website, i'll be using that instead of this ol thing. i'll post the URL to the site when it's finished, and then it's finito to livejournal.   i got macromedia studio mx...it is my hero. there's no if's and's or but's about it. it fucking rocks. i love it.   alright i'm outta here.
1	 Never lie, steal, cheat or drink. But if you must lie, lie in the arms of the one you love. If you must steal, steal away from bad company. If you must cheat, cheat death. And if you must drink, drink in the moments that take your breath away.  
1	Well, Darrell & I got new PDA's on Friday. He finally got the bluetooth connection working yesterday, so today I downloaded a PDA client. This is my first post from my Tungsten T5. If all works correctly it should update when I get home.
1	Not a lot of time to write anything.       misslouise    and I are off to Big Sur for a couple of nights. I rented a nice room overlooking the ocean, and have set up a few surprises for her there. I'm not telling here, of course, since then they wouldn't be surprises, but I'm sure she'll let everyone know what all I did for her.  When I get back, do you want to go surf,       donttrustme   ? I've been looking forward to teaching you how, and the custom boards I ordered should be done by the time Ruby and I return. Oh, didn't I tell you I had ordered them? Well, now you know. And don't thank me, it's nothing.  Have fun, cave members.
1	I heard there's this new indoor ice skating rink opening in the city next week and they're having this big party or something where it's half price to get in.  I'd  really  love to go, but not on my own, so, any takers?
1	If anybody cares...  Imma have a baby...  and it's a...                   girl!!
1	    You know whats  great ,  Thanksgiving .    You know what's  even better , getting ready to decorate for  C  h  r  i  s  t  m  a  s .       Heck Yes.          
0	today sucked soooo bad.  worked 7-2. certain people came in  i left work to hear screaming because i was out at 2:10 missed tanning appointment was going to be left there my phone was taken for very stupid reasons. but i got it back. larissa cant do me or ashleys hair for prom still have to get my dress...which is like 300$ my phone bill next month will be over 200 hundred :) me n ash missed our trip today that we were counting on :( i had noone to talk to today about my issues i will never have anyone to talk to because its so hard to start from the beginning of a very lengthy story... prom is fucked up just like how im gonna get i have a migraine im am confused i hate life.    there's more. i just forgot the rest    anyways, im getting ready to go to the movies with matt.      pc
0	What the hell is my problem? I have only one simple thing, just one thing I want right now that would make me happy, and I can't find it.   I also need a job but nobody will fucking hire me. I'm not that fuckin wierd looking am I? Which is the same question I ask in response to my first subject. The only reason I want a job is so I can buy musical instruments, and do what I want to do with my time, instead of just sitting around waiting for my friends to call me or get out  of work or whatever.   And George, I know you got pictures of me. I need a decent picture of me to scan into my computer to replace that monkey face picture for LJ. Bring me some next time you see me if you would, please. That's it.
0	Did anyone see Peter Jennings' message on World News Tonight?  WAH
0	What do you want from me? Would it be okay if I ran back to your arms and said I needed you? Not that I could, too much time has passed. Why can't you let things go let them rest in the place we forgot them for my sake, for your sake for Tristen's sake
1	I worked on my English paper and took a nice hot bubble bath.  It doesn't bother me too much that I don't have a Valentine. I can easily tell myself that it's the guy that's missing out. And I don't say that to sound concieted...I think it's just the way I can get through not having someone with my confidence intact! :)  I'm a romantic dork though, and I have always wanted flowers on V-Day.  Maybe next year...  :)
1	We're leaving tomorrow to go to LA and Hawaii, and I'll be back on the 15th of Jan, I think.  So I want to wish you guys a Happy New Year, and I'll speak to you later!  Oh, and my late Xmas present to myself just arrived - a miniature Quidditch broom collection from Japan! SO COOL!
0	Chris and I always make plans to go out on his day off from work; doesn't matter what we do just as long as we spend the time together. I ruined it this sunday... and I hurt the one I love. He doesn't say more than a few words to me at a time. They are short phases to tell me how he feels....They cut me long and sharp. I think he says them to make me feel bad so that way he feels better.. In way I think that I deserve this type of torture, but any smart person would know that this is wrong. Now we are gong out to a club, a place that I don't go I know he is going to want me to dance, an action that I don't do...and he knows this.. If I do what he wants it makes him feel better... If I don't, well...then it's hell   Sundays are our days...and I ruined it.
1	MWA.  I hit the /zone/. I'm so happy. Things bounce off me instead of making me mad/sad/rejected/ect. I have a bad knack for when I'm just starting out with new characters, getting -really- offended when people are nasty to 'em... but I guess I'm getting that maturity that I've always wished I had. ;P  On the flipside: how people treat others (or me on a not-known alt) is very interesting.  Plus, the twinkified PernMU forums cannot touch me. Sticks and stones, luv.  Happy? Meee?  Of course.  Plus, Ori @ SilSkies is absolutely hysterical. It just.. needed to be said.   (Blame this all on AFI. Silver and Cold has the weirdest reactions on me...  o/' light... like the flutter of wings.. feel your hollow breath rushing into me.. o/'  See?)
1	take this survey thingy cuz i have nothing better to write about lol  1. What one thing reminds you of me? 2. Take me one place where would it be? 3. Give me one thing what would it be? 4. Give me a nickname and tell me why u gave it to me? 5. What movie character or tv character reminds u of me? 6. What song reminds u of me? 7. When you first met me what did you think?  8. What do you think of me now? 9. When im older what do u think i'll be doing and where will i be? 10. Would you die for me? 11. Describe me. 12. Do you even like me? 13. Do you love me? 14. What do you think I'm good at? 15. will you put this in your journal so i can fill it out for you?
1	Now begins the great roommate countdown!  21 days left before       your_dark_angel    comes to victoria!  Things that will rule about our place:  -1200 square feet -brand new -fireplace -mountain view -french glass doors -Tracey -my partner in crime back! -Elvis posters -purple rooms -laundry  It was not going to be ready in time but it looks like we will be getting it right when we need it as hoped.  And free couches (if we pay to have them cleaned).  I'm so excited to have one of my best friends here!  Party!  Am I a consumer whore?  Any one want to buy my soul? 
1	Now I may not be a music connoisseur, but I know pretty good music when I hear it. So for all of you who enjoy songs like  Wonderwall, Champagne Supernova  and  Stop Crying Your Heart Out , among many others, oh yes.  Oasis  is back.        Go check it out, and listen to their first single Lyla. I'm excited. Not an expert about the band, but I love their sound. That's a CD I'll be buying whenever it comes out.   2 others coming up that I'm excited about are Rob Thomas' new cd and Ana Nalick. I believe both come out on the 19th of April. So...hm. April will definitely be great. Maroon 5 concert on the 21st, Cards baseball, a possible Disney internship...so awesome. :D  This isn't really relevant to anything, but I don't care. :D Definite yayness on Oasis though.  And now...Cards baseball, then work. Bah.   Jen
0	So here I am once again at home alone. My plans were ruined so here I am bored as shit with nothing to do.
1	Today I got a couple of things I've been waiting for.  I got my blue card for completing driver ed and the insurance discount slip.  Now all I have to do is schedule a road test.    I also got my TDI Enriched Air Certification card as well as my Diver's Alert Network (DAN) card today.    Going clockwise starting from the top left: PADI Open Water Certification card, TDI Enriched Air Certification card, and my DAN membership card.
0	yanina, we really miss you grandma was cry with me all day my eyes are all poofey from crying all day. mom was crying to, grandpa, dady, and jorgie were really pissed off and jorgie wanted to kill archie, amaris hates u and archie now lol but she was really sad. dady wont let me bring u clothes he said since your so "adult" you come and get it yourself.  i washed it all for you cuz i know archies washer is broken. try to still come on tuesday mabye u n melvina could drive me home. i really miss you suprizingly lol j/k. if anything ever bothers you or hurts you like ur side again please tell me! ok! dady was saiing he knows you left today because it was grandmas birthday he thinks u did it on purpose cuz u hate them (grandma and momy)i just wanted to tell u this and that i love you. call me. bye *kiss
1	Whoa, haven't posted for a few days.  TIme for a recap.  Tuesday was OK, karate was very good.  Ended up sparring with sensei.  DIdn't do too badly, and bled all over him. Haha  Can't remember Wednesday.  This is why I need a journal.  Today was good.  Lessons were Ok and I went to the park with Jen again after school.  Evil schemes brewing again but they're secret *taps nose*  Forgot to mention this.  Seems to be my week for compliments, both Ed and Jen have paid me major ones recently.  I'm very cheered by those.
0	Eric at work, the dweeb who used to do truck with me, has reminded me he still wants to take a crack at beating Space Empires III.  I can't wait to see his frustration when he does the most difficult mode.  Work today was a complete bust.
0	  The beginning of the film...  "People once believe that when someone died, a crow brought that soul to the land of the dead. But sometimes, something so bad happens that a terrible sadness is carried with it, and the soul can't rest. Sometimes, just sometimes, a crow can bring that soul back to put the wrong things right."  "If a building gets torched, all that is left is ashes. I used to think that about everything: family, friends, feelings. But now I know. If two people love each other, nothing can keep them apart."      Which Quote From The Crow Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	NSC 2005 will likely be held in  Reno  from August 19th to August 24th.&nbsp; 28 games, 7 games a day for 4 days.  Never been to Nevada before.&nbsp; Gotta warm up the  Where's George  machine...
0	Well, I have found one of my recent customers is swiping my photography and putting it on their site. I dunno if they are a for real artist or someone making stuff to sell on ebay, but they should've known from my book they purchased that stealing isnt something you do in your business. How does one deal with someone like this? I've warned them gently. I dont want to assume they know better, but more likely they do... Does one report them to their site host, and how do you do that?
1	I've said it before and I'm gonna say it again! The nights need to have at least another 4-8 hours! Bleh.  Oh well will try and make the best of it. Tomorrow is my friday anyways.  Yahoo!
0	After work this evening, I again met with my coworkers down at the local Hooters. (One day, they'll make a good steak sandwich - properly rare). We were joined by a thankfully ex-coworker, her husband, and child. Forget, for a moment, the fact that she's pretty much clueless (Canada's apparently part of the US, according to what she was saying tonight). I find it disturbing when our waitress (A very pleasant and friendly girl) paid more attention to the kid than his own mother did (The father was watching out for his son). I find it even more disturbing when the mother tells her child she doesn't have any money 'for him'  right before she orders dessertfor himself. All he wanted was a quarter to get a gumball.  Well, with any luck, if I ever manage to have kids of my own, I'll have learned what *not* to do.
0	   would go shake our asses  . .       Kissed close friends . .        Met cool people . .        fell for close friends . .        Cried because we wanted       to . .&nbsp;&nbsp;  In the end they were good times that I miss so much . .    
1	Ticket for High Tide?  It has been PURCHASED, bitch.
1	I arrived back in London yesterday, and spent a good deal of today just resting and trying to get adjusted to the time change. Andrew's bringing Dash over tomorrow, and I'll have about a week with him before I fly to Zid. I'll be holding a big party at my house there at some point and everyone's invited! More details later *grin*
1	For the past couple months,    laughin' gimp   and I have been house hunting.  We made an offer on a cute little house in Crest Hill- and somebody else wrote a check for it.  Then we made an offer on a condo in Joliet- and somebody else offered more than the asking price.  Finally, we actually managed to get make and offer on a house and have our offer accepted without anybody stealing it away from us.  It's a cute Victorian house in Lockport, right next to Dellwood park.  It has a yard, and a garden, and a resident groundhog.  I can't wait to get out of this stupid apartment.
1	 Hello lj folks. I don't really have much to say. I never get a chance to lj. Canada is this weekend. Yay! I can't belive it's tomorrow. There has been so much build up for it. I'm excited like woah. Amy and I are meeting up in about half an hour and commencing with our evil plot. Yay for evil plots/Amy. Aw Amy, we have so many evil plots together. Anyway, I should really get going...and by that I mean get ready to go.    Love, Alisa 
1	CEDU programs are closing down! WOOO! YES!  To quote from "struggling teens"   March 25, 2005  Sandpoint, Idaho (March 25, 2005) – CEDU Education announced today that it will be closing all its locations.  According to CEO Pete Talbott the Company has become financially insolvent and has run out of options for keeping the emotional growth education system viable.  HAHA! SUCK ON THAT YOU SONS OF BITCHES.
1	So I feel really cool right now, because thanks to Shelby and my brother-in-laws cousin Luis I have friends in all countries in North America. Thanks to Key Club I have friends from Alaska, Oregon, California and Idaho. I have friends in other states because of other things, but I thought that it was pretty cool! I was talking to Luis and he was helping me out with my Spanish. He said I can come visit him and he will take me around where he lives and to Mexico City and all the cool places!!! Sometimes I like having a job because I may actually be able to visit Luis! He is super cool, and fairly attractive if we are going to be honest. Laura knows!  Well, I need to go to bed now. I was just very excited when I realized how lucky I am to have friends all over that I had to write something!
0	Wow...AppleGirl, the founder and team leader of eAthena, just quit... out of the blue, Valaris the lead developer didn't even have any warning. Can't say i didn't see it coming sometime in the future but i didn't except it so suddenly. The past two weeks eAthena's been goign through a lot of shit, losing devs and supporters etc. I guess her parents may be also taking her computer away. much lame-ness. She was a pretty cool dev, granted many people hated her with a passion and i was on her good-ish side. eAthena deffinately has an uncertain path ahead, i hope it doesn't crumble and disapear as a result of this.
1	My week just got  this  much better thanks to a phonecall that I've been waiting for all week long, from someone I've been waiting for for about three months.
1	Rebecca called today very surprising!  figured she had forgot about me and had to much fun with her new friends!I have been updatingmy site mostly and getting alot of new shit up! i have also been chillin' with my friends after skool, mostly helping out spanish students and also the ocasional flirting with the cosa girls lol! sorry but i have no girl and haven't been entranced by any either! rebecca moved, I feel like she is way far away now! At least i know i am on her mind because she called lol! well ttyl!
1	Well, today was deffently INTERESTING... First, i couldn't even sleep last night, i was so excited... so when i arived i was suprized at how many people were actualy there to open, the Asst Manager, an Off-dutie Officer, and like 6 others! I am not used to this type of mentality.. Add on top of that the fact that the sales employees are working together to help the custemers.. to the point that one cust may meet EVERY employee in the place before they leave! I really like the atmosphere, i really do... And, as usual, i feel like i should be learning a LOT faster than i actualy am.. but.. they are saying i am picking it all up fast.. now, lets see if i can remember it all... well.. it's midnight, bed time for the Ray Ray :)
1	yahoo yahoo yahoo! i just finished my math class... with the better substitute teacher. i'm feeling all giddy and jumpy right now.. because i'm going to sunny hill later! ^_^ i'm going to see everyone back there at last!!  5:00AM. I dragged myself awake with the morning shivers to finish the speech comm draft i've been working on since 12 mn. eep. and i was hoping for my friends to see me without my obvious eyebags so i can brag to them how 'sunny hill' UP is.  har har har.  my mom also texted me at my 5AM sleepy-groggy-mode and it seems that she's inside this great oppurtunity... if she lasts it, good. that jolted me up. not to mention the COLD, yes, C O L D water the shower showered me with in my morning bath + hair fall control shampoo? yahoo! my day IS turning out fine today.  anyway, i am indeed a happy happy person so EVERYTHING should be easy for me today, and this weekend.
1	doing "home work" exept kinda not.. going to mary's later and swimming in her gigantic hot tub.. I think i might go play my guitar something! I am tired and bored... yepppppppp  11 more days till FLORIDA!!!! Hum di dum.
0	about the latest Prince Harry fiasco?    UK's Harry rules out Auschwitz visit in Nazi row   It's all over the papers here in NY. You think the boy would learn to think about his actions before leaving the house. Even I hesitate before buying a shirt that could potentially offend someone and I'm no where near being second in line for the throne. *shakes head* Oy.
1	If you haven't seen this linked elsewhere you should probably watch it. It's a very very cool flash animation done to Radiohead's song Creep.   http://www.lowmorale.co.uk/creep/   If you want to download it, then right click this link and do "save as" to save the flash file.   http://www.lowmorale.co.uk/creep/fl ash/lm_creep_(FLASH).swf 
0	it is impressive as in my life when the things are good for me, my relationship with my parents is the worse possible one. hey dan, your gift must arrive this week, perhaps in friday
1	so i just took the bio test..it was alright not to hard but not easy.  we have art next and im mucho excited!!    MUCHO LOVE  OXOXOOX
1	 I feel good I feel energized I feel like takin on the world tonight I feel like everlasting... bootycakes! 
1	last night i fell asleep listening to the Spice Girls.  it reminded me of when i was 15/16 and had just gotten SG's second album "Spiceworld" and it was summer and at night i slept downstairs in my cave with my Spice Girls cd and my new cd player with way-cool alarm clock and i would fall asleep to "Spiceworld."  Sometimes i would cheat and make myself stay up until i reached track 9 (Viva Forever), because that was my favorite song and then i'd try to fall asleep.  mostly i would listen to those songs and wish that i could be a spice girl dancing around on stage and singing and famous.   okay so i'm sitting right by the printer and people are coming over to get their printed off materials.  i don't like this.  i know they are reading what i'm typing.  sneaky people.   this probably won't be updated for awhile due to traveling.  so if i don't see you before then, have a great rest of march and yeah for april!  bye!  ~Lars
1	6 months ago today Jimmy and I started dating. ^_^  okay okay, 6 months ago today Jimmy and I hooked up... *blush* heehee.   and it's been a fabulous 6 months. 
1	Sometimes I really think I am a man trapped in a womans body.  Maybe that's why I'm such an ogre?!?! :)  I'm going to be stereotypical for a moment and say; I feel like a man because there are things that bother/worry/hurt me, and I can NOT express them.  I don't like problems and I certainly don't like confrontation. How do I know I'm not just being stupid at the moment?  If I wait will it just build up?  I know I know, I sound like I'm 12.  Wow, kinda pathetic actually... I don't know.  I just don't know.
1	I'm in Study hall right now, I just wrote lana a note and printed it out.. She is having a birthday party next week .. I can't wait to go.. ......  I have Track in like 20 minutes.. funfun.. I didn't doing anything over the weekend.. so its so gonna suck..but owell..  well I think I'm gonna go..
0	 Travis Barker and Mark Hoppus have formed a new band called Plus 44. In a recent interview with a San Diego-based webzine, Travis said: ""Blink, as far as I'm concerned, is over. I have the Transplants going on. I have a project going on with Mark Hoppus. It's called Plus 44, and we're recording and writing as we speak. I just kind of see that as the past. It just ran its course, and now it's time for something new and fun."   -Punktastic.com  Please don't shoot the messenger. lol.
1	im sitting in community prodject waiting for learning lab cuz i am very bored!! Umm i might go to the guys game tonight but i dunno =) and justin you really gay lol but i still love you =) xoxo Olivia*
1	After some practice, I am finally opening my gallery! Please have a look...   I Vrendo's Icon Gallery - 2004      Rules:   1) Stealing is not a nice choice. If I see an icon without a credit to myself, you'll see :) 2) Comment on this post with the icon numbers you are taking. 3) Any comment is accepted, even  the bad ones if they are constructive. 4) Enjoy using the icon!    Categories:     Harry Potter      Lord of the Rings       Peter Pan      Miscellanous           1.   2.   3.   4.    5.    6.     7.   8.    9.     10.     11.   12.     13.     14.     15.      16.    17.     18.    19.    20.    21.     22.     23.      more to come...         
1	I just learned that some women get diagnosed with PMDD which is like an extreme form of PMS and its considered a mental illness. And to cure it they take Serafem which is actually just repackaged prozac.  Hormones and Behaviour. Coolest. Class. Ever.
1	so after waiting since early april, august seventh has finally arrived... and KT christian just ditched out on me... could i get a ride?  ::In a parking lot, by myself, it's quarter to nine and i've been here since five forty-five::
1	How did I know? lol. Daddy's gonna be proud.            Love-a-Lot Bear     You love to take care of others and people love being around you because you make them feel appreciated. You are very sweet and soft-spoken. You are also a romantic and consider yourself an excellent matchmaker, so you tend to be a bit nosy. But everyone still considers you the sweetest person they know.            Take the  Which Care Bear Are You?  Quiz!        
1	Julie and I were looking at property prices around the UK today and I'm blooming shocked. Loads of places including commuter areas near London have an average property price of LESS than Portsmouth. Its a skank hole for godsake! Whats even MORE shocking is Southsea (where Dads flat is) apparently has a higher property value than both Brighton and Petersfield (my two choice locations if we were to move down south proper again).  Shocking shocking stuff.  Holiday soon, its entirely possible Julie's Mum and Brother will have to share a double bed. We are beyond amused :)  Umm run out of things to say... Oooo Is it lottery time? Wednesday we got really really really close, we only needed 6 numbers.
1	I have gone to two classes, the only two classes I have today and they are right after each other, I have been outside a total of like 12 minutes and I had 4 people ask me for cigarettes. BUY YOUR OWN! thats what I thought, but the only thing that came out of my mouth yea you can...here you go....your fucking welcome (minus the fucking) I thought the fucking though.  I was thinking in the shower today about Homecoming Freshman year, man that was funny, wow.  Shane dont forget to call me today and give me the details about whats going on tonight!   I'm going home this weekend to see my Joe and my Christa! YAY!  Im out wangstas...PeAcE!  Have a good weekend kids!
0	     Which "Saved By The Bell" Character Are You?   
1	So we have a tent trailer..and we got a letter yesterday stating we do not have plates on it and need to..my mom doesn;t believe it so she walks doown there and sure enough they are got..so today my dad's call the L.A. Shrieff Dept. sso report a thieft of the missing license plate...so he calls and like 5 minutes later..a shrieff arrives...man is this guy hot..he is a black and is ayoung shrieff...man what a great person to send us..lol...anyways back to packing for this backpack...
1	Sweet!!!  They must have disabled the firewalls at work again as I can get to LJ!  Woot!  Man, I'm NEVER able to access this site from work, I'm going to enjoy it while it lasts.
1	So I'm leaving to get the bus.... now. I'll be home for the night and then it's back up to Waterloo to study. I hope to see some people but if not, c'est la vie. Off I go!!
1	Thank you so much for the roses, Yuugi~!! :)   Tomorrow is the trip~! I'm so excited. I've got everything packed already.
0	Just  a reminder. I'll post the answers tomorrow. You still have the chance to guess the songs until that. The meme itself is found at  http://www.livejournal.com/users/altair i/26138.html 
1	I guess I'd better do one of these quizzy things.           Your EQ is              100    50 or less: Thanks for answering honestly. Now get yourself a shrink, quick!  51-70: When it comes to understanding human emotions, you'd have better luck understanding Chinese.  71-90: You've got more emotional intelligence than the average frat boy. Barely.  91-110: You're average. It's easy to predict how you'll react to things. But anyone could have guessed that.  111-130: You usually have it going on emotionally, but roadblocks tend to land you on your butt.  131-150: You are remarkable when it comes to relating with others. Only the biggest losers get under your skin.  150+: Two possibilities - you've either out "Dr. Phil-ed" Dr. Phil... or you're a dirty liar.       What's Your EQ (Emotional Intelligence Quotient)?      "Out of 31779 people the average score was 214" Hahaha! Yeah. Okay. I answered truthfully, that should net me extra points or something :P
1	ONLY 1 and a half more weeks till I will be in California!!! I am soooooo exited! This will be fun- GO ESTROGEN FEST ON TOUR! Thanx to all who came to the party. It wasn't bad. Hope you all had fun.  Sorry Lil' austin that you got scared, but I am glad you like my house, feel free to stop by any time.
0	so the hard drive in my laptop seems to have decided to toast itself. Natually, I have many important business and personal files on it that aren't backed up anywhere. Apple says they can "fix it" for $330. Yay. Of course that won't recover any of the data, some of which I really really really do need (including some of the stuff I was working on for a freelance client). All of my attempts to recover it have of course failed, and I am now so very very stressed out.  Christ, why did I ever decide to quit smoking?
1	Hello everybody!!! I'm just joined this community so I thought I'd better post my welcome. I'm a HUGE La'Cryma Christi fan. I've only knwon about them for almost a year now and have fallen in love with them (like I have with many other Jrock bands). They produce great music (that I wish I had money to buy ;_;) and they are a VERY attractive band. ^__~ My favorite member is Levin ( that's why my username is Lebi_chan).He's SO adorable. I feel so special that we both are the same height. ^__^ Anyways, I'm a dedicated fan to La'Cryma and always will be,no matter what they do.  Ja ne!~ ^__^
1	Cult of the Mac religious event in streaming form:   http://stream.apple.akadns.net/   edit: oops, link fix..
1	Yay! I have finally settled on a location for my book.  I needed a remote, yet still habitable area of the country for my setting, and I have settled on Loving county in Texas.  I was //this// close to going for a area in Montana, but I decided I'd rather deal with the heat than with the cold. My town will be made up but I wanted a location that was real.   Whew.
1	I havent been cheking out LJ this whole weekend (cause i was off) but i notice that i have been attacked massively by everyone (lolololol) i;ve seen that my personality have been stolen by my own friends!!! and someone made a new icon with new old one, lolol, i find it very funny and i couldnt stop fucking laughing. Everytime i've seen a new post, theres an icon, i was like...LOLLOAHAHH *tears*, so thanks guys, you're the greatest, i didnt know i was such of big influence in y'all lives *sniff* and i wanna let y'all know, that i would do my best...*Stop,takes breath* to keep y'all entertained, and keep y'all smilin!! I love y'all 2!!!
0	It is indescribably horrible to be here.  It's not that I don't love everyone; of course I do.....immensely.  But I feel like I am in a prison of my own making, with no light at the end of the tunnel.  A cage is tolerable, as long as the door is open now and then, so that I can fly.  But when there is no money, and no hope in sight, and I live the same repetitive routines day after day, it is nothing short of depressing.  I HAVE to find a way to make some money, without sacrificing the time that others need me too.  I will go crazy if I don't make some changes.  They just can't happen fast enough.
1	today - today is a very big and exciting day ;) i'll have to tell you all about it.
1	Well, just as I predicted on a previous post of mine (regarding Kikyou from Inuyasha), I DON'T HATE Tomoe. lol.   I don't about anyone else, but I can see from her perspective on why she did what she did. You can't blame her for initially harboring hatred towards Kenshin. He killed the love of her life. The guy she has loved since she was a child. But as she spent time with Kenshin, she got to look past the cold murdering assassin, and see the humanity that yearned to live inside him. And I really do believe she did love him in the end and protected him because of her feelings.    Ahh~ that was really good. lol X)    And on a random note, NYC rocked like a bitch and I sooo wanna go back asap. lol &gt;_&lt;   I lllluuuuuuubbbb my Lo and Claud. Such lovable biatches. lol XD
0	Today I didn't call Reva, cause my step-dad probably never told me she called, infact she called 4 times, but someone only picked up once. So since I didn't spend any time this weekend with Reva, I'm going to spend tomorrow with her, and be cool. Cause I miss her soooo much.   We were once connect at the breast now, but alas, we have no classes together.So we spend no time together. BUT I am going to work on the school play set again this year with her, and we are going to have fun backstage with Sam and Jessie.  Ok I am DONE DONE DONE...  CALL ME CALL ME CALL ME (when I'm online cause I'm in tampa)
0	Every Tuesday morning between 6:15 and 6:30 the trash collector comes.  I hate being woken up by loud beeping noises (you can imagine the relationship I have with my alarm clock...) and then trash cans thunking around. Luckily I made it to bed last night much earlier than the night prior. So, at least I didn't feel entirely cheated. Though for a good long time I considered staying home from work to curl up in bed with my cat... alas no, here I am at my desk. Well, if nothing else I can "curl up" in my cup of coffee... ahh lovely caffeine.
0	I remember wanting to ink your feet- those tiny hands to hold forever- on that paper that meant so much to you.  I remember finding things you left for me- to remind me you loved me when I was away. a rock on the carpet a block you loved- stashed in black- I found after you’d gone.  I remember your heartache- when your baby said goodbye I could not soothe you then I thought my heart couldn’t stand another break until you followed your baby down.  I would have drown for you everyday again the same fate to let you have more time… and given your baby a year of mine- to live a little more of her life.  you left two whiskers behind- each a flower to your tiny graves.  it’s too much to have your ashes fit wholly in the palm of my hand like those little feet that I wish I hand inked and kept forever on that paper that meant so much to you.
1	HaPpY BiRtHdAy JaMeS!!!  Hope you had a wonderful, happy birthday!!!  &lt;333 17!!! Whoop Whoop!!! 
0	Hey, you there.    My husband left me and I'm sad and I have no one to girl talk with other than fucking Seven, and  forget  that.  *grabs*  Come with me.
0	Shit that went by fast! Anyways today went up to london just for the day to look for houses with Denise! we had a good time! I think we made some progress! Its really starting to sink in...wowwwwww! I'm excited but scared too! Big changes man! I might have to go back up in the middle of the week to actually view the insides of some houses. That will be the fun part!  So Teri might be  moving back to Swift. :( Veryyyy sad about that. Well I know she is for sure I just really hope she comes back..soon! Shes so important to me! Shes such an amazing person and friend! I just donno if I can handle it! Saskatchewan is too far.   Well I better go do some reading before bed! Lots of school work to catch up on!
1	i have to say: today was a good day.  (and that is all you get.  go have a s'more.)
1	loot-  1. t shirt that says "dont mind me, im with the band" or something. might return it.  2. atom and his package- self titled cd.  3. live red elvises 2 cd set  4. huge sterio  5. zine scene by francesca lia block  woohoo..  getting my drums this week too : )  and my hair cut and dyed on friday!
1	hey im sooooooo glad today was the last day of school yes i know all my grades i think its the best ive ever done haha but thats not saying much hahaha yeah so anymways i know my schedule for next year so hear it is... 1st: french 2nd: world history 3rd: science 4th: advanced drama 5th: algebra and 6th: english  yeah so thats it oh yeah and i have D lunch anyway i get to open all my christmas presants tomorrow cause im going to new york on saturday yay im so excited haha yeah well i got to go now so bye    xoxo
0	This trip to Florida was only getting good when I discovered that we were going out on the boat. "WOOT!...WE GET TO SEE MANATEES!" but to my demise....   NO MANATEES!!!!!!!...I got to see about a million turtles and one snake... oh yay...a snake.   We are going to eat soon. I can't wait to get home though...its too hot...thank the lord I haven't gotten a sunburn.
0	Easter was ok.  Jumped from one family to another. But I did find out that I will be the godmother to my brother's baby, which I am totally psyched about.  I went to sleep at like 10, woke up this morning at 730. I am a disgusting morning person. I hate that. i have another doctor's appt today. God knows what he will tell me.  Tonight I wanna go do the fair. yay for funnel cakes. this past weekend was competely uneventful for me. shoulda done more. I just can't stand wearing my glasses anymore. we took samson to eat with us for the first time at Deli Lane.  he got very dirty but it was fun. everybody loved him.  we also went to brandsmart to look at those huge tvs.  a possibility for when we move.  i have I heart Huckabees waiting for me, i bought this dvd like 1 month ago.
1	I got an Early Adopter account!!! ^______^  I'm not gonna tell y'all what the name is yet....not until i get everything set up.  I'll tell you one thing, all those styles ARE confusing @_@
0	 Terra   runs a fanlisting for   JonStewart    What's Your Ultimate Fandom OTP? Shiver My Timber--A Pirate RPG    I have been avoiding updating because all I feel the need to do is complain.  My Aunt and cousin moved back to my house.  Needless to say, I am barely functioning person.  I am about to barricade myself in my room.  My father quit his job and is trying to do construction work.  So, I am the only one in this house with money, besides my grandmother.  I will be getting out of the house to help my dad. That, I guess, is good news.  Not telling half that is wrong with me.  For everyone reading this, please keep me in your thoughts or prayers.  I could really use them now.
1	it´s 7am and i´m tired like hell- but i´m finally off to ringcon!!!!!!*bounces* haven´t done nothing but working (making 2 moustaches- noooooo, no henley-moustaches *sighes when she turns around to nereem*;P) that´s why i couldn´t write a report about last weekend yet...but i will!!!! *promises*!!shame on me!!;P *shames*...i´m going to write a motr & ringcon report, honestly *promises again*!!:) anyways, i´m finally going to see nat (yay!), will give her the pic lorna gave to me and tonight we´re going to meet up with lea and give her the chibi haldir and chibi gil-galad pic!!! ok, i´ve gotta catch my train now, take care guys *hugs*
1	Just a quick note to say sorry I haven't been returning FB.  I had planned on it, and then *bam* no internet!  So this is a blanket THANK YOU to everyone who posts to this community letting both       entrenous88    and I know that you are enjoying our writing.  It really helps to know that someone is actually reading, and  enjoying , what we're doing.  Although it's tons of fun to write, it's even better knowing that you guys are out there supporting what we're writing.  Thanks again, Margie :)  *Hopefully I'll be back up sometime soon, at least before I go on vacation next week!  (For those of you who don't know, I'm out of town, and probably off the internet from Jun 29 - Jul 7!!)  So hopefully we'll get some tagging done before then :)
0	Hey everyone.  I've been having a little rough week.... so I'm going home for a few days hoping to get my sanity back.  I love you all and I hope I feel better.  bai
1	Head's up.  Icons coming at ya.  21 icons da rulz: comments ADORED, credit NOT NECESSARY, NO hotlinking, got it? good.  A mix: 1XMegasXLR 2XFruits Basket 2XJubei-Chan, Secret of the Lovely Eyepatch 1XInuyasha 2XThe Big O 1XGalaxy Rangers 12XFull Metal Alchemist  Teasers:          (rickety-tickety-tin)  
1	For those of you who still have feelings for some little NSync memories.... Ron Irizzary is going to be playing at Adobe Gilas April 1st and April 30th at 6:30pm-9:30pm in Point Orlando. I was at work this evening and we got the "Point News" for upcoming events. I about shit my pants when I read that. I'm very excited and CAN NOT wait to go!! Think Chris will be there?!? I do!!
1	:O I swear to god I got this by coincidence:      &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    badminton is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator         
1	Of late, I get a lot of people telling me, "Did you get my message?" I answer, "What message?" They say, "On MSN." I say, "Nope." They say, "MSN sucks." I say, "are you using trillium?" They say, "Yes."  I would get those messages, if they were using MSN or Yahoo!
1	this weekend was one i needed. daniel was in town. that was fun ;). i drank a bit more then i probably should have friday. it was fun. i spent time with the boys, my roommie, and grant, which is always nice. we listened to music and just had fun.  saturday we got the boys costumes and my roommie a bday present... it'll be great to see her expression when she walks in and there is a huge penis pinata!! the boys, erika and i went to a party, so much fun. erika was dressed and conservative, and i was a hoe- there were 4 of us from different area codes :). truley dressing up as something your not, her conservative... but me being a hoe- not sure thats so far off ;) jk. at least, until twister in that skirt! lol that was an amazing night. i have a date from it. so excited! jewish, attractive and a genuinly nice guy. should be fun!
1	I was first introduced to Bleach via the anime because that remains my favorite form of entertainment. Now I shamelessly admit, I'm a Bleach Manga Addict. I've got some on order and I can't wait to get them!!!    Click Here 
1	friday night was my b-day party it was good almost everyone showed all except a few people came it was fun can you say twister!!! we played just about all night we should've neevr watched a movie i put it in knowing people were going to talk but hey it happens everyone except like 4 people hadnt already seen it but then we played twister again so yea it was fun i got lots of money now and i have to go shopping!!  yesterday i was bored like crazy  and today i have to leave soon to go to katies party which will be so much fun woOt woOt!!! regal then back to katies house for all the fun we need to def play twister again and today i am going to beat karen lol her and her big butt won like every game at my house lol fun stuffs! klaterness
0	Charlie might actually be sold... the prospective buyer is test-driving her for the week.&nbsp; It is a bitter-sweet thing... I know she must go, but... ya know...  at least she would be driven more than I have and enjoyed by someone who will appreciate her...
1	i just decided that i HATE folding laundry, and im not gonna waste my time. in all honesty, it wont last long, i'll never be able to deal with unfolded shirts in my drawer. but whatever. whats life without mistakes? i've certainly made my share. makes things interesting. fortunatly, i am young, and have the luxury of being able to fix most of them. when i say i have no regrets, its really just a big fat lie. i do. i have one terrible burning regret, and if you don't know what it is, read back a few months. and then get to know me a little better. anyway, there's not a day that goes by that i don't kick myself for some of the decisions i've made. and just like that, i realized - holy shit. there's something i can do about this thats a LOT better than bitching and regretting. so, im working on it. im fixing my mistakes, one at a time. wish me luck. i'll need it. jackson browne = my new love im sick of wasting time.
1	Gisele and I love Hawaii so much we are going to look for a house out here kinda like a vacation house. We can go whenever we just need a break or to get away from any drama that might occur. On the 18th I'll be flying out to Miami for cftc while Gisele flies out to Brazil to be with her family then i'm going out to Brazil on the 21st that's basicall what we our plans are for this week.  The doctor says both G and the baby are fine so that's good. *smiles* everything is perfect i couldn't be happier right now. There's noone in this world i would rather be with than her.
1	Alright so..   http://216.253.174.227:6512   R-Jet Tek Radio Lives On!  ¿Por qué?  Because I fucking said so that's why.  ;-) Music = Sanity Therefore...  I'm sane.  And $20 Headphones to keep me from quitting my job, and having this place go down the drain.. I figured..   Was a very wise move on their behalves.  Up in 30 min.
1	just woke up at 7 Am had an early morning class....Got a ticket...lol..but no worries it was for not having tail lights on my brand new car. but i took care of it ASAP.....now i am at home just chilling because i have an exam tomorrow at 5 pm but i will continue to study for the exam later..Had a wonderful weekend...and hopefully i will be going home to miami on thursday. but until then i have to study because of exams and classes... oooh yeah before i forget....happy b-day to the persons whom i for got their b-day will try to make it up later. HAVE A GREAT DAY EVERY ONE
1	So I know that some of you commented in my old entry about makeup and that stuff, and I really appreciate it and all, but I got to talking to my mom and we sorta went to the mall and did stuff.  So yeah, now I wear makeup.  And it really looks natural, my eyeshadow isn't like a bright purple or anything.  It just sort of enhances my already-existing features.  Anyone who wants a good foundation, go to a Clinique counter somewhere and get their "Almost Makeup" foundation.  It has SPF 15 and it feels like nothing.  Go get it!   Here's a list of the things I got: • Bronzer (acts as a blush) • Foundation • This sheer pink lipstick, it's glossy and not very dark.. very pretty • Sandy Beach eyeshadow • Foxxy eyeshadow • Benefit sparkly eye stuff • And this stuff for my face   It kicks ass and I look really good.
0	sad............no more UCLA and UC Berkeley.........sigh.....after all........no more..........
1	 Yea!  Superbowl Sunday . Party! Other than going to my cousins wedding shower, the only thing I plan on doing today is sitting around watching TV, eating, and maybe playing cards.    &nbsp;I want to see  Toby Keith  and  Willie Nelson  sing at the Pregame show. I have to see Aerosmith too. Don't care to watch halftime. I havent heard of half the people who are singing.     Pregame prediction:  Patriots 31   Panthers 28      Ill be wearing my  Green Bay  jersey during the game. That's my one protest against it. And I will, of course, be cheering for  New England  simply because I refuse to support anyone other than  Green Bay  who comes out of the NFC. Okay this post is random so Ill stop now. Later.  
1	     Disorder      Rating        Paranoid :    High       Schizoid :    Low       Schizotypal :    High       Antisocial :    Low       Borderline :    Very High       Histrionic :    High       Narcissistic :    Moderate       Avoidant :    High       Dependent :    Very High       Obsessive-Compulsive :    High       --  Personality Disorder Test - Take It!  --        ha. ha.
0	I dont get it How does everyone stay  motivated to draw Ive tried everything  and i dont think Ecko unlimited is going to reply to me i suppose everyone has to do something graphittic/urban-esque to for them to like you
0	Life's been shitty, but you know what so has the weather.  Instead of dealing with my problems i made a lame ass emo myspace account, hopefully i can meet more people at purchase or something.   http://profiles.myspace.com/users/21792 515   In other news its my dog Tumbles bday tomorow. Ah 8 years of chubby cute goodness. Man i love my dog.
1	Water fights are so much fun, especially when they are spontainious.  Last night       poisoned_flower    and I were just messing around while I was doing the washing up. She got a load of the bubbles from the sink and started to rub them in my face. Naturally I wasn't going to let her get away with that so I flicked water at her.  This escalated into Sam chasing me aroung the flat with a deoderant cap full of water and soaking me, so, not to be outdone, I filled a coffee cup and soaked her.  We both ended up completely drenched and the kitched floor was flooded :).  It's fun to be childish every now and then.....
1	2-a-days are finaly over!!!!!!!!!! thank god... i dont think i could have another one. But ya things are actually going good for me right now for a change. I feel like i've reconnected with all my old friends and all the upper classmen i used to be friends with. I haven't really hung out with all my old ladies but i'm sure that'll happen eventually. I cant wait for sept 4th at seahawks stadium its gonna be sweet. Everyone has to go and look for # 12 (thats me). well im at buzz's right now and we just got back from the m's game so i think were gonna play some x-box or something....
0	 jeah... so thanks to harvey's (my car) clutch pooping out, i won't be on bassdrive... but you should tune in because chris is playing some really good shit! and ceasarelli  will be playing around 3 as well, so check it out for sure.      harvey.     now i just need to figure out how i'm going to get my damn car outta the tiny parking garage and to a shop. unfortunately for me, doing work on hydraulic shit is a bit more than i or my pops are willing to try without all dem special tools.  so, since i'm not really feelin like dealing with all that reality, i'm gonna draw me some robots. :] 
1	Hey Zeenat!  Nice to read your comments on  Rediff !  Happy for ya...  Nakul  PS: Even though the article is an year old... I felt the need to congratulate ya ;-)
0	Today was a dull day. I kept to myself during most of the day.I did my work in like 3 classes and sat there sulking and thinking... Yeah Im thowing myself a pity party big fucking woop. I have alot to think about from the stuff I dont want to say to moving soon,and even my grades...I valued one thing and I lost it due to my stupidity. You know who you are and im not going to say more here. Well anyways I need to get to the house(im in the office of my complex again) if you want to say hi that would lighten my day just IM me. Well til next time as always stay chill....
1	I just spent about an hour and a half trying to change my old crappy computer for a better one.  So many damn problems that happened like the computer not able to fit into the space that it was suppose to go it, so I ended up having to removew this shelf that was there.  Boy that was a pain!  &gt;_&lt;  But now everything is all fine and dandy and now I am quite happy.  Hee!  I have a nice screen that I can see and a fast computer that won't freeze and has working printers!  Yay!
1	Right now I am so happy. I go into my optometrist to get a fitting for my contacts, on thursday I get my braces off and work is going great.  BTW, Richards party is thursday night. So if anyone can go, please go.
0	he makes me giddy. he makes me smile  he holds me in his arms and kisses me and loves me and sings to me.     he's nearly perfect  ... but i have a feeling it isn't working.  i dont like being without him. and i dont want to be without him.   what's going so wrong?  i suppose its just life.
1	I am seeing David Sedaris tonight at KU's Lied Center.  I am in row G.  I might try to get a question in at the end.
1	Well,i acquired another lvl10 weapon today in DW4. Its Zhang Liao lvl10 weapon. I also cleared Lu Bu Musou mode on hard as well.  I did also saw the Resident Evil movie (The first one) Its a cool movie (I got to see apocalypse one day)
1	Good days always get erase the bad days.  Today was one of those days :)  100 on the Chem test, I got accepted to be 8th grade trip counselor, and no homework... not to mention we won our game against Clay!  yeah so otherwise not really much to tell... only a week til Christmas!  God bless you all!  Much love, Fowler
1	Well... I decided that, since after paying my bills and such, I have $300 in my account from my paycheck, that, just as a one-time thing, I should reward myself for taking positive steps in my life... Well, turns out that my room-mate has an eBay account... so I purchased myself a couple of toys...:   Toy number 1    Toy number 2   This is all the extra spending I'm doing until C-ACE, though. Or at least, until next paycheck.
1	            fairwheather16 Highway    Bog of Eternal Marriage    9      TravelWorld    23      Confusion Lane    32      Tower of Commitment    128      Contentment Meadows    388      Please Drive Carefully               Username:      Where are you on the highway of life?   From  Go-Quiz.com  
1	I LOVE HIM THIS                                   much. except, more.
0	Ok this was funny for a little bit,bein all far away from my girlfriend and shit, but now its just old. I feel lonely and sad :( Come cuddle with me! I need you! Fuck this,I sound so fucking dumb and thats ok, when it comes to my girlfriend I'm a complete sap and I'm OKAY with that. Fuck you Griff I can hear it already. I want you HERE. Kissing you in my dreams tonight.  What did I do to deserve...
0	I won't miss you. And I know you won't miss me either.
0	I'm going to die.  How much does that suck?  It's just so sad to think about.  Never eat ice cream.  Never walk around late at night.  Never write stupid livejournal entries.  Never laugh.  Never get a hug.  Never smile at someone from across the room.  Never go to shows.  Never watch movies.  Never listen to music.  Never read.  Never talk.  Never think.    Billions of people will still be alive, and +99.9999999999999999999999% of them will never have heard of me and it won't matter to them when I die.  Why should it?  Life is so weird.  I wish people didn't kill each other.  That is just the worst.   Uhg.  Sitting home on Friday nights just gets me thinking about the few great experiences I've had, the very few thigs I've accomplished.  I have to change something, or what the fuck is the point of even being here?
1	Okay, I normally don't go in for procedurals, but  this  sounds too cool for words.
1	  Lol this survey is freakin awesome...and a few of them are true actually so that's weird but yeah..looky!! lol bye. &hearts;&hearts;&hearts; Jess      Love and Sex With Your Friends by dannygrl0129      Username           Sex      Male Female Not Sure HELL, YEAH!       Favorite Color           Love of your life:    oh___visions      Best sex of your life:    zerothesoulless      Will make you come 1000 times:    lil69freaky69      Will break your heart:    vilelimey      Best Kisser:    agent_squall      Best cuddler:    of_____anathema      You secretly dream of:    brokenone386      But this person dreams of you:    lil69freaky69      Will handcuff you and screw you silly:    zerothesoulless               Quiz created with MemeGen  !      
1	WOO HOO! Finished my semester of summer classes. Now off tho the Fall semester,  I am not feeling very well lately. I have been feeling extremely nauseas and I am losing my voice, so I have no idea what is going on with me lately.  I so want to see the movies S.W.A.T., Hidalgo, the Last Samari, and the third installment of Lord of the Rings, and the Haunted House. I saw Pirates of the Caribean and I would so see that movie again in a heartbeat. I loved it. Orlando Bloom looked gorgeous and oh my god Johnny Depp, I so love him and he was such a good actor in that movie. The special effects in some scenes are kinda cool too.  Anyway, I have to work tomorrow so I am going to hit the sack a little early than normally and see if I can get some sleep that I haven't been getting.  Ciao for now.
1	Merry Christmas to everyone!! Have a really great day!!  I didn't have many Christmas presents to open today but there are a few which will be coming in the next few days (delays in the post... Grrr!!). And, everyone's a bit poor- which is completely understandable. Sarah's been working flat out, poor girl. Anyway, here's a list I've gotten so far...  From Elaine- Snoopy, Woodstock, and Charlie Brown soft toys (they are soooo cute!), and THE DA VINCI CODE by Dan Brown!!! The illustrated version!!!! (Elaine, you rock. How can you buy such awesome presents, year in year out??)  From Andy- "Brigdet Jones: the Edge of Reason by Helen Fielding (I've already read half and it is hilarious, even better than the movie. Paul Frank "J and Missy" Cat Handbag, with matching pyjamas!! So cute!!  From Vivien- WASGIJ Jigsaw puzzle. Yay!!!!  From Mum and Dad- Money, and a bookmark lol  I'll post some photos tomorrow :)
0	i like ur name. sorry, might sound stupid or stubborn or selfish. but i know you by what ur original name is. and that is what i'll call you.    i hate change. im really not one for it. for the most part.
0	something ill never understand, cuz i have never done it and never will. serious question for people who have, all kidding and criticism aside...why do you do it?  anyways  oh yea, who saw the times leader article on sunday about 3-6pm sex. first girl quoted was from bishop hoban. i wonder how the administration took that one. that looked real good...  anyways...again  i hate watchin the people i love and used to love fuck up. i know i cant make their choices for them, but it still stings  hey, the red sox need 2 more wins how nuts would it be if the series goes 7 games. game 7 would be in boston on halloween. superstitious, anyone?   so i have to get up early tomorrow and take some entrance test for kings. the more and more i think about it, the more i def wanna go back to NC for the next fall semester  gettin pumped for the football games before thanksgiving  enough for now  waiting for katie to get back
1	I just ordered  OS X v.10.4 Tiger  from  apple.com !!!!  I used my student discount, so I ended up getting it for 69.99 with free shipping. It should be here right on the 29th!  I'm so excited =)  OS X Rocks
1	I hung out with Dana yesterday. I love her. Go read  this .
1	I forgot the most exciting news of all!  I'm getting a rat creature! :D  I'm going to get it when I've been to Spain.. so August. Very early August.  CREEEAAATTUUURRREEE :D  Elongated words = happiness.  A rat shall be mine.  Hooray! :D  fecfacefeet is not as happy about this as me.   Hooray!  moggles.  Also, I think Cherry Coke sends me a bit weird.  I'm going shopping for food! xxx
1	man, did i buy a lot of records today. probably spent around $80...  sky falls down/parades end split 7" coliseum/lords split 7" nation of ulysses - the birth of the ulysses aesthetic 7" tunes for bears to dance to/jesse washington split 7" placebo comp 7" four hundred years - the new imperialism 10" cross my heart - temporary contemporary lp cave in - tides of tommorrow lp q and not u - no kill no beep beep lp life at these speeds - s/t lp end of the line - s/t lp education comp lp give me back comp lp get up kids - eudora 2xlp  but oh well. they all rock.
0	I was going to post something - but it's a Dark thing, you wouldn't understand. - b.k. x
0	a friend (also my enemy) is leaving in a few days. i'm sad. its probably a good thing that he is going but i'm gonna miss him. he's good company and i love that we got to hang out as much as we did. he even offered good times in other arenas as well. is that what'll i miss?? something that is good and i enjoy? no. not all. i will miss him and i hope that we stay friends. or even that he'll miss me a little. i don't know.  p.s. drank Absinthe tonight. fun fun. although it tasted like licorice. i hate licorice.
0	Aaaaaaaaaaaw, I knew there was a reason that I hesitated to make these...            ... from  Wild At Heart         ... from  New Moon Rising   Gonna go cry now :(  Actually gonna go read Biology.
0	I just wanted everyone to know that I AM alive.  I just have ridiculous amounts of work and play and stuff.  And I feel kinda bad for being completely unavailable.  *sigh.  Two or three more weeks.  Wow.  Two or three more weeks and we're out of school.  Wow.  Ech.  I don't want to work.  I need to.  I don't want to work.  I need to.  I'm sorry I've been gone.  I really am.  I wish I talked to you guys more.  *sigh.  I wish I could put my work on hold and just...come hang out with you, come talk to you, for a couple hours.  I miss you, those of you I haven't talked to in forever.  *sigh.  Work.  I miss you...
1	This morning started off kinda rough, but the rest of the day kicked some serious inflated ass.  I was chillin at the south mall cause it was a beautiful day and I ran into my neighbor who I hadn't seen in forever and we had a really great convo about life and love and sex.  Then he came over later while I was having my study group, which consists only of people I like.  Consequently, we never study, but instead sit around and shoot the shit with books in our laps.  Actually, having them over is probably better for my future career than studying for this test.  A's matter for such a short period of time compared to possibly valuable contacts.
0	Here's the deal:  I got mad at one of my teachers. And well.. on some random assignment I wrote, "I hate you." Well then I scratched it out because I knew I would get in trouble if she saw it. Well..somehow she was actually able to read it. So she got pissed and gave me a referral, and I had to sit in in-school-suspension all day, and my mom is pulling me out of the musical =I'm doing, and I'm grounded.  Yeah so I'm pretty much screwed.
1	They posted tech assignments for next year   I AM SM FOR A SHOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i don't know what the show is going to be yet though, it's one that pac (performing arts company, student ran group) is doing, and they haven't picked out there season yet. i am also going to be light board op for a show, and i think it was me for glass menagerie  oh, plus i registered for classes yesterday, and it's going to be a hard year, cause i am going to be taking 19.5 credits, and i am already doing a ton with 16.5 but four of those classes are going to be theatre so they should at the very least be interesting even if they are a ton of work
1	   The 25th  Dracula's Ball  event takes place on Saturday, May 29th from 9pm-2am at Shampoo Nightclub (7th & Willow) in Philadelphia, PA.  All ages are welcome (21+ w/ID to drink).  Entertainers include  Seraphim Shock  (CO),  The Empire Hideous  (NJ), DJ Punketta Doilie (MA), DJ Arkady (TN) and DJ Azrael (MA). Tickets are $13 available through Ticketmaster or  isotank.com .  More information on the  Dracula's Ball website  
0	So, yes, I'm depressed, I'm lonely, and life seems to really suck right now on a personal level.  All in all though, things are moving along ok.  We're moving by the way guys; we're gettin a house in Elizabethtown, so it's convenient for all of us to get to work.  Life does suck for me because I feel, well, so lost and so lonely.  I know that I'm rambling, but it's 4;30 in the morning and I really should be hitting the sack because I work in like five hours, but I wanted to write...something.  Something to make me feel better, something to make me feel like I still have control over SOMETHING in my life.  I certainly know it's not my financial status, my living situation, my hiatus from school, or my current "single" status, but by god, my emotions will be put into check.....
1	  Happy 1 st  Anniversary to       sidonie_6    and her filthy, grimy husband :) may there be many more to come.    -lee
0	      WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH H :( 
1	They got him.  US forces have captured Sadaam.  I don't know what else to say, that is without a doubt, the best news I've had all week.
0	Hey Guys,  My grandma isnt doing so well lately. She needs to have brain surgery sometime in the next 3 days. Please just pray for her. It's all we can do. Thanks.
1	Fresno tomorrow!! How exiciting. Our guard performs at 12;30 I think, so we have to leave around 4;30 am. Ugh. But the good part is that I have a solo. I think it's cool, I do a little dance and then a front walkover and then I dance back to my flag. The show is fun, it's supposed to be controversial, so it's about Jesus. We even have a huge ass fishnet cross stretching diagonally across the floor, osunds weird, and it kinda is, but it's fun. All I've been doing lately is colorguard, work and school. I saw Tommy on Wednesday though and that was a lot of fun. I hate to jinx it, but things just keep getting better with us, it's really awesome. The only thing is that with our schedules, we're hardly able to see each other. But at least we're still just as close. We've been planning a trip to Disneyland since January...so who knows when that's gonna happen. But everything's been pretty good. No real complaints.
1	It's so obvious that I'm a doll person, isn't it? I just heard from ToyManila and they sent pics of the other girls in the keychain series. Photobucket seems to be down, so I can't share pics of Will, Taranee and Hay, but Irma is up on eBay (not from the same company), so here she is:  http://images.prosperpoint.com/images/2 682/135146-893.jpg   Irma's my least favorite from the set. I'm not ordering her. But Will and Hay are very cute, so I added them to my order. Will comes with a frog, Hay with an alien. Taranee's a bit different. She doesn't have a pet like Irma and Corny, or an obsession/collection like Will and Hay. I couldn't figure out what she came with in the picture of these dolls in issue 33, but now I've seen it. It's a cactus. Weird. So I passed on her, too. I adore my 12" casual Taranee and I know I'd ignore the smaller one.   So in a couple weeks, I'll be able to post photos of my three new dolls.
1	 *..*kimberlee nicole aistrop ♥'s rodney wayne summers *..*  *..*kimberlee nicole aistrop ♥'s rodney wayne summers *..*   ♥6*16*2004♥  ♥6*16*2004 ♥   *..*kna♥rws*..*  *..*kna♥rws*..*   ♥3months-25days♥  ♥3months-25days♥      .............Okay I dont feel like updatin so I just figured I would let ya guys know that                      ♥I LOVE RODNEY WAYNE SUMMERS♥
1	I have 12 hours to complete my mission! Wow... 12 hours?  Will I make it? I sure hope so! ^__^'
0	 Dear Madam    APPLICATION FOR A TEACHING POSITION    Please refer to your interview for a teaching position.    After considering you with all the other shortlisted applicants, we&nbsp;  regret   to inform you that the Ministry is unable to offer you a teaching appointment.    Blah... blah... blah...    &nbsp;    anyway, when i opened the letter, and read it, i could only stand there and thank God. i don't understand why, i'm not about to find out and even if i did, MOE won't tell. and then i stood there wondering what's next... rejection after rejection. my faith hasn't wavered a single bit. but it's grown by a teeny bit, knowing that with each rejection, He's gonna see me through again. i won't say i'm not affected by it. but i thank Him for His faithfulness. because i trust that it's all good.    &nbsp;    try again in 6 months? *shrugs* i guess i will. 
1	My car is now fixed.  Or feels fixed.  My dad got up here this morning around 12 and it was a pretty quick and easy thing to do.  Then we sat around for a few hours and talked about nothing really.  Then he left and I drove my car back up here.  Now it works!!!  All thanks to my dear ol' dad...
1	wow tonight was amazing! so much fun kel! yea so neways, nothin much new, this 4-day weekend is rockin so far tho!!! yeya! 2more days, goin to chi-town tmo...yess cant wait. aite lata~luv ya~! 
1	I’m new to the world of Absinthe and I was wondering if anyone know of any reliable places to buy Absinthe online? And any helpful links are welcomed as well.
0	*beep!*  Hi, Ollie, it's Dinah.  Listen, do you know when you'll be coming out this way?  You mentioned something about a case--anyway, if you think you'll be on this side of the country any time soon, let me know.  Use the comlink--I might have to run down to the 'Haven to help out with Babs.  I'll tell you about that later.  Miss you, bowhead.  Miss you a lot.
1	Hi guys I'm so excited to be here and i know were all going to be leik really good friends B-cuz we all love the best band ever GONDOR CALLS FOR AID!  someone told me about this new thing frot he fans and so i made a livejrounal so that I could join in and post... omg i'm so excited!  hi!  I'm Mari!  im so excited to make new friends!
1	i think i need a new entry.  so i love coming to work.  i love the people here and the atmosphere.  recently it has amazed me at how much i'm enjoying myself.  my co-workers even love mexican, we've gone out more than a couple times and i've been to two different mexican places...mmmm mmmm.    oh man you should see two of my co-workers eat...they are small people (in very good shape i might add) and they eat three times the amount i eat when i stuff myself...amazing...and the hot sauce they eat...oh god i tried it, the only time i have felt pain like that on my tongue was from burning it on a hot drink, i didn't like how it tasted either.  and i'm going to try to see everyone in Toledo this weekend, which may be difficult, especially since i probably won't be there until Saturday.  sometimes life rocks it out, and you just gotta sing along real loud.
1	 Today I got myself the Final Cut DVD!! *can't wait to watch it* And there is also a 30min interview with Stephanie Romanov. *happy dance*     Right now my mom is fixing dinner - I guess I'll watch it afterwards. Yay!     &nbsp; 
0	soo today was easter and i had to work at 8 -ugh until 4 and i was going to miss my easter lunch at my house with all my relatives but pong let me off at like 12:30, so that was exciting. then i went home and got ready and i missed out on most of the food because i was too busy getting ready- haha im such a loser. so then me and britt were just being losers all day. dancing to mambo number 5 and taking millions of pics with her camera haha us wearnig like 30 different hats. haha LOSERS. then we just leaned out of my window and just talked for awhile it was cool. ive been dying to do that since last summer. it was noice out today 8-). then britt left and im depressed again. :(     britt were hanging out realllllll soon. our movie day shuold be saturday or something lol. tell chrissy to call me-     btw i saw ring 2 w/ rach n ty and it sucked. first one was wayyy better. ring 2 left many gaps.          i'm sorry. :(
1	The new season of The Sopranos began tonight.. and let me say for the record it was "fire".. (this is my new word for when awesome or great just don't cut it) Anyway, Steve Buscemi is part of the "family".. and from next week's preview he is going to give Tony a big pain in the ass!!!  I am so excited!! Sunday nights are shaping up nicely!!!   Landon brought over his new Tenacious D CD and i burned it, so now kiddies its time to slip into a hot tub and listen to the soothing tones of Jack Black and Kyle Gass... ("friendship test" is some funny ass shit!!)   Ok that's all .. I'm out!!
1	So I ended up going to Justin's little family birthday thing...It was pretty fun. I got to spend time with him for the whole day. It was really nice out, we were at a pretty park...the day was good =).  We went on the swings...ate food and cake (yummy), then we were playing football and I got to tackle him. Haha that was kick ass! Basically I was beating up on him the whole time. I got introduced to about 7 different aunts..then the rest of the family. He has a lot of freaking people in his family, sheesh! So now I'm at home...waiting to see what's going on tonight. Tomorrow, I'll hopefully be able to go to Justin's for our movie marathon. I already told him I'm spending the day with him on his real birthday :-D. Well I'm off. Muah
0	FEELING NOTHING INSIDE EXCEPT PAIN TOO ONLY LAUGH BUT NOT FEEL THE HAPPINESS THAT GOES WITH IT TO FEEL BLAMED FOR EVERYTHING AND YELLED AT FOR NOTHING TO HEAR THE SAME WORDS OVER AND OVER BUT THEY MEAN NOTHING TO YOU TO ALWAYS TELL EVERYONE YOU’RE OK WHEN YOU KNOW YOU’RE NOT TOO SCARED TO TELL THE TRUTH BECAUSE IT HURTS TO ADMIT, HURTS TO ADMIT YOU’RE NOT OK AND YOU CAN’T COPE WITH LIFE HOW YOU MAKE UP EXCUSES SO YOU CAN SIT AND CRY, ALONE TO PUSH EVERYONE AWAY, SO YOU DON’T GET HURT YOURSELF TO KNOW WHAT YOU’RE DOING, TO NOT WANT TO DO IT BUT CAN’T MAKE YOURSELF STOP. TO HATE EVERYTHING YOU’VE BECOME BUT CAN’T CHANGE WHAT IS NEEDED TO  YOURSELF TOO SCARED TO ASK FOR HELP…
1	Just found out my friends baby is due on friday, it feels slightly strange that one of our group is having a child but also rather nice. In case anyone is wondering, I still have no desire for one of my own.  Luckily I have the perfect gift sorted for the new mum, everyone else seems to buy pressies for the new baby even though it was the mother who did all the work!
1	Hi minna san!I'm a new member of this community and I'm obviously very interested in Hp doujinshi and art, especially regarding slash and yaoi. I'd like to suggest a site where you can find lots of doujinshis to buy and a fan art site.   http://www.ysal.it/pucciland/english_ve rsion/potterdjs1.html    http://www.hcn.zaq.ne.jp/rabi/hppage.ht ml   If you have sites with nice art or doujinshi feel free to contact me!
1	Pretty good day today. Had another project management course, so that took a chunk out of it. Otherwise, fairly productive. But good news is I ran the three mile course in 24:08 today. Woot! I'm pretty pleased with that result, especially considering I was running alone. Yay for me. Looking forward to this Thursday when I go to Austin, and then Friday night I'll be going to Houston. Should be a fun week! And then, Christmas next week! Yee haw!
1	well everyone knows wat i did yesterday so no point in explaining & i missed stan, thanks to everyone that was there love yu all hannah stephania dallas alex and my great friend andres and off course the band yeah the band
1	I'm so excited to see Bad Education tonight.  Almodovar is one of my favorites.  I was going to see it while I was in Spain last year, but didn't want to ruin it by only understanding half of what was going on.   I'm also having dinner at Asia Express on Broadway which has been one of my favorite retaurants since I was sixteen.   Almodovar and rice papers...it's the simple things that make me happy.
0	About two days ago, I bought a copy of "Grave of the Fireflies".     Today, I finally sat down to watch it. Eleven years after I last saw it, the movie still has the same effect.   In all it's tragedy, it is such a beautiful film.
1	87 Days until Christmas!  Its time to start your shopping!  Natalie is back at the Playhouse!  We aren't sure how long she will stay, but we are all happy to have her back.  Congratulations to Mariah on her mom's wedding this weekend!   Our Steve made it in for the wedding and has been able to stay a few extra days due to Hurricane in Florida.  Gosh, what a bad time Florida has been having with all these hurricanes, ...Charley, Frances, Ivan, and now Jeanne!     Jody is back at San Onofre for anther outage.  He will make enough money to  pay for our 2005 cruise in no time.
1	Questions wanted for interveiw taking place on the  Wasteland forum  (Under "mission chat).
1	uggh... school sucks. i'm dropping all my classes except one. i'm almost definately moving to MI this spring so whats the point of going to school anyway. when i get to MI i'll probably just end up working construction so school is a waste of my money. speaking of money, i have none. today i'm going to guitar center and selling one of my guitars so i can pay rent. it makes me sad, but i have to do it.  on the plus side, i'm dating this really cool girl and i'm super stoked about it. she's really rad and super gorgeous and i like her alot. haha, but she's 5'8" and i'm 5'5"... thats kind of weird for me, but it's alright.  thanksgiving!!!! i can't friggin wait! all i have to say is "lskdjflsdkfj" cause words can't describe my exictement quite like slamming my fingers on the keyboard can.
0	about half the time, my life is one long sob story.  it fucking sucks.
1	Fresh snow + Shan working days this week + 1/2 price night on Wednesday + Alex returning to the UK on Friday = SKIING ON WEDNESDAY NIGHT!  Who's going?  It works out to 15$ a head (~13$ if you're a student with an ID card), including a skis, boots, poles, and a lift ticket, for an evening of skiing at Crabbe Mountain.  We'll probably be leaving F'ton around 5:15pm, returning circa 10:30pm.  That gives us about three hours on the slopes, which is just about right.  :-)  I SAY AGAIN: WHO'S GOING WITH US?  :-D
0	So, yeah. My cat died today. I came home from school and Joun told me that some jerkass stray dog shook my little Callie to death. She was nearly defensless! Her previouis owners had her declawed, so how is she supposed to fight back? I havent had her for very long, so we didnt bond much, but she was my cat, you know? I am going to miss feeding her and hanging out with her when it was to cold for her to be outside, and all those little pet-things people just take advantage of. The moral? Go give your kitty of choice a big hug. No, seriously, do it. Now.
0	sick of not being happy, sick of always wondering what things could be, sick of people pretending to care, sick of being alone in the world without a care.
1	The books I ordered just arrived!  *runs off to read*
1	I just volunteered to do the Impressionist/Modern Tour at work. This particular tour can be worth as much as $80 million and includes all the highlights of the falls Impressionist/Modern sale.   It  travels to all the major cities around the world and I am going to be facilitating all the logistics.  If this doesn’t give me a heart attach, im not sure what will.
0	  Your soul is DARK. You aren't too happy with your life, though you may feel you should be. You're probably solitary, pessimistic, brooding, possibly nocturnal, but mostly a general unknown. You might have a hidden liking for pain and destruction, but you're probably more masochistic that sadistic if that's true. (look it up if you don't know what they mean!) Those that think they know you tend to place you closer to evil on a scale of good and evil, which might not be true. What people see may not be who you actually are. Some people fear you and others mock you. What isn't really known, though, is that you're not pure evil. You're just a mysterious, misunderstood - and sadly, forsaken - soul.      What Is Your Soul's Trait?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	 happy birthday to me!    &nbsp;sooooo my birthday wish of getting a hot boy to sleep in my bed totally didnt come true. oh well, theres always next year, and hey...the offers still open too ya know we can just kinda make it a birhday week?    20....i feel so old    goodbye teenage years    "goodbye may seem forever farewell is like the end but in my hearts a memory and there you'll always be"    major props to those who know where thats from.&nbsp; erica cant guess cos i've posted this before back on FOD oh the olden days...    that movie always makes me wanna cry.&nbsp; i saw a clip from it tonight while playing Scene-it and it made me think of my sister.&nbsp; and being a kid again.&nbsp; those were the days.&nbsp; but we all get older.&nbsp; and its not such a bad thing 
1	So I officially have a new boyfriend.  He’s so cute. He has brown hair, brown eyes, and big ears.  And as of now, he doesn’t have a name.  Did I mention he’s a guinea pig?  I need some help with a name. Any suggestions?  (And you thought I might actually have a real boyfriend... pshhhhh)
1	 HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHIZZY!     HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHIDZ!     H A P P Y B I R T H D A Y C H I D Z L O O F !      H  A  P  P  Y      B  I  R  T  H  D  A  Y      C  H  I  D  Z      T  R  I  P  P  !              Ciedraloof, I hope you have a very wonderful and squeegy birfdae. Eat many presents and open lots of cakes. ~hugglompsnuggle~ Loof you moochly! ~Melk  
0	 I don't think that I can remember a time that I've been more unhappy than I am right now .. it's not one specific thing it's a bunch of "stuff" some big, some little .. I'd just like one aspect ..&nbsp;one little thing in my life to be good, positive .. although I do enjoy most of the time I spend at Backstreets .. and all the time I spend with my friends .. all this "stuff" is always there in the back of my mind .. the thing that bothers me the most is that I am starting to lose hope .. it's getting harder and harder to believe that anything good, right, positive will happen because it hasn't for so long .. 
1	 Ben Lee, 20th May, the Tivoli.  Dogs Die In Hot Cars, 7th May, the Tivoli.   Looks like I'm going to be going back to being rather poor again.
0	  Oh for god's sake!   That's it!       Che Guevara is  definitely  dead!   All the TRUE South American revolutionaries are gone, and all they've got left are  those goofball banditos from  Woody Allen's BANANAS!     Jerks.
0	Everyone will be there...  ...and if your not i won't talk to you.   If you come i will hug you...big time.  Saturday  Summer dying 10:50-? If he dies he dies 9:50-10:30 Today I wait 8:50-9:30 Dissonant 7:50-8:20 Indrid 6:50-7:20 Room237 6:00-6:30 The tom and joe show 5:10-5:40 Fenn 4:20-4:50  Sunday  Circles over sidelights 10:20-????? And the sky went red 9:20-9:50 Tiger death 8:35-8:50 dens more 7:50-8:30 The nain rouge 7:00-7:30 Special guest!? 6:00-6:30 Dying of the light 5:10-5:40 Moorland 4:10-4:40 The anonymity 3:20-3:50 Our last regret 2:30-3:00 The cressman conundrum1:45-2:10
0	you all got your friends. what do you need me for. just a reminder of how not to live your life? im glad i can fill atleast that space   i dont message you cause i know you dont want me to
1	Today in the mail there was an evelope from WWAY-TV 3 in Wilmington, NC.  I was kind of freaked 'cause I knew that whoever had sent that had read the e-mail I sent Monday (the package I overnighted was signed for Wednesday morning around 11 AM).  Inside, there was an application ... blech!  I'm so sick and tired of filling out apps!  But I filled it out anyway, 'cause I really need a job and wouldn't mind moving out to Wilmington.  The only problem was that with the cover letter (you know, "thank you for expressing your interest...") she (Kim Franklin, who I s'pose is the head of HR) IDed the job I was interested in as Account Executive, not Producer.  Whoops!  I thought about sending a cover letter with the application and saying something about that, but decided against it and just sent the application.  Besides, by now they have my resume, my references, writing samples and a videotape portfolio.  So I'm kind of jazzed right now.
1	Well, tomorrow should be fun, considering Im leaving at 11. Im going to Connecticut. Family tension down there is going to be a whole bunch of fun. Im kinda bummed because I wont get to say bye to Justin before he gets on his plane to Virginia. *sighs* oh well...I will have AIM and the phone, right? Its boring without him, and well, I guess its a good thing that I have Kate, cause I would be verly bored and proabably read for APUSH. That would be sad. Anyway, Im kinda looking forward to vacation because I get to sleep and have some time to draw and just relax. It will all be good right? yeah, its just one week. But I will be wishing it away like I always do...cause Justin will be back on Sunday at some point. Anyway...  Out, Bec
1	saw my dad last nite and he gave me £10 and a lovely butterfly necklace and a ring and we went to see my stepbrother who works in char bar in gunwharf and we got free food. my tattoo isnt as sore but a bit scabby euuw. cant wait 4 tomorrow nite 4 clubbin 4 my bday bought a skirt very unlike me i dont do 'girly'  had assessment at nursery this aftrenoon was ok
1	Thanks to the wonder that is       stupidis   , I'll be on the radio this Wednesday!  The morning show at  WOCM 98.1 FM  will interview me about  CrochetMyCrotch.com  at 8:50 a.m. EST (or, say, 1:50 p.m. in the UK *winks at Mark, the Resident British Guy*) on Wednesday, April 13.  Thanks to the wonder that is the Internet, you can listen to me  here , even if you're not remotely close to the broadcast area.  Okay, I've restrained myself pretty well so far.  SQUEEE!  ...  Carry on.
1	  SB was fabulous!   Off to a party, post picks later. Ciao!
1	It's today! Men invited too! I may have one space at my table, and you can always walk in the door. Show up by noon. This year's speaker is  Alice Walker!  Benefits homeless and abused women. 
1	It's my birthday and I'll cry if I want too, Cry if I want to ::sings::  Done with that!  Birthday Countdown: TODAY!!!  Bishie: Valgaav  Slash Coupling: Harry/Draco, Gaav/Valgaav  By the way, did I mention that it's my birthday? :)  ~Ja Ne!~  Lydnsay-Marie
1	It felt good to be home.  And shut up, I know it's my fault. Just saying. I forgot how much fun hanging out with Loram is. Must be the whole "being sober" thing. Damn. It's gonna be a long two and a half more months.  ...Loram, remember to save that bottle.
0	why cant it be the way it used to why cant everyone just get along? doesnt make sense to me at all?
0	so i talked to my dad today, he sounds horrible.  he's still throwing up.  he's all the way in lousiana, he's at the hospital were i was born-- kinda weird!  so since he's all the way over there no one has like seen him, like me r my grandmother, or his g/f, so he's all alone-- it's soooo sad.  it's kinda of a scarey thing. especially since i've talked to him.  he just sounded so horrible!
1	yay for kathryn!  im too lazy to type it all out right now, but check out her lj...   http://www.livejournal.com/users/ca87gi rl/ 
1	well, I looked more into cell phone plans, and then decided to continue on with the one I'm with right now. I went in to the place to ask when my contract is up, because I forgot, and they said it was up in July, but I could renew it right now for $10 less than setting up a new one later. So, $25 later I have my phone number for the next 3 years, and I have a new phone that was free (and of the type I actually wanted)   cold pizza and Pepsi for breakfast is so great.   
0	i hate life right now...i hurt..and i dont know why..im sick..and its sucky..and i feel like the only person that truly cares and will stay true to me is danielle..i have no idea why im starting to feel like this..but it sucks..i havent eaten in 2 days..and that sucks..well other than cheez-its..with danielle..i kinda wish i was drunk right now!!!!!!! i think thats what im gonna do tonight..by myself..which sucks even more...bye
0	apparently my spirit is now so crushed that I don't want to eat.   I think I found my new diet......
1	The high point of my day. Sandy has given me permission to use my vacation pay in October, even though it shouldn't legally kick in until the first of November. That means I can go on the mission trip down the Amazon River with the church. *whimpers* Talk about chance of a lifetime. I guess I'd better start saving up.
1	yesh i have the greatest friends ever. thank you, your the best.  tori concert over phone and a tour guide im so happy.
1	Life is treating me fairly these days cannot complain.  I wake up breathing every morning so far and that is all I can ask for.  The rest is just a bonus. Life is a precious gift given to us we should be thankful.  Karma is another thing in our lives and I believe that bad karma will haunt you.  Remember the golden rule.  Do onto others as you would have them do on to you.  IT's powerful and should be used for everyone you come across in life. After all we are just people.  How you treat other will come back to you good or bad.  What goes around comes around.  It may take some time but it does happen.  If your out there and believe you have everything you ever wanted in life make sure that you have done what your supposed to do in your life.  If not, be careful it does come back to you and usually not in a good away. Look around and appreciate what you have because someone is going to come and take it all away if your not careful.  Maybe not now but it will eventually happen.
0	Y'know, of late I've been mildly concerned about what being in this country in the next few years is going to be like.  I haven't been sure what I wanted to do right after graduation, but I've at least been considering spending some time in Japan.  That said,  this  scares me in a big way.   Edit   More coverage of the same situation from a few different angles, for anyone else who wants to follow this:  BBC   Mainichi Shimbun   Related articles:  A related snippet in the Japan Times covering Sony's Chinese branch.   Retaliation covered in the Mainichi Shimbun.   Okay, this one is  really freaking scary .  Let me pull a quote:   Inside the envelope was a message in Japanese saying, "If the anti-Japan demonstrations in China proceed, then we'll attack students studying in Japan."   About half of my classmates at KCP were Chinese.
0	    Our Dearest Orla,    I'm very sorry to tell you this at the last minute like this but I'm afraid you can't come home for spring break. Your father and I are going to be going to your Aunt's house and you know how she feels about you being a witch. We really do miss you and wish you could come home but we really have to go see her things haven't been good between her and your Uncle Riley. We love you and can't wait for Summer break. We're sure you are doing great in school and are making tons of friends. We will make sure to owl you as soon as we return from your Aunt's house.    We love you.    ~Mum and Dad    Well I guess I'm not going ome after all. They keep doing this to me why do I even get my hopes up anymore. So is anyone else staying at Hogwarts for the holiday? 
0	I have to be right about Logitech's MX510 Blue optical mouse just having been produced a lot less. I'm still waiting on my replacement one because Logitech doesn't even have one to send me!
1	Yay! Livejournal's back! I missed my friends.  This was supposed to be posted yesterday but y'all know what happened instead -   Every year since I was about 13 my Dad goes to Las Vegas over MLK weekend to play in a soccer tournament. That means starting today, I have the house to myself for three whole days! Just me and my dog, I love it more than chocolate!  **  So other than the livejournal failure yesterday was a pretty darn good day. A couple times during the outage I'd click on a link to a story then realize the story was on Livejournal!   I'd ordered a calendar from BarnesAndNoble.com and it showed up yesterday. It's a very nifty astrology calendar that rocks like Bob.
1	Today is a great day!  Normally on a winter day when it's 80 degrees and our volcanoes explode and I'm wondering about the future of the whole west coast, I am a bit down.  But no! I am feeling fanastic. :)  *I quit my horrific job with enthusiasm *I took my guinea pigs out to run in the sun today (and they frolicked every which way) *I'm having an awesome dinner party on Saturday with  splitpeasoup   and I'm cooking coconut chapatis, chocolate spice cookies, and thai stir fry *drool* wanna come? *I'm so close to being done with winter term! *I'm going to eat a zucchini roll in 10 minutes. *I found a vegan junk food store with vegan chocolate boxes (with vanilla creme and chocolate raspberry!) and chocolate easter bunnies!!!!!!!! I wish I could send  quabazaa  some! ;) *I absolutely LOVE the smell of cherry blossoms and flowers are blooming everywhere!  I'm in love with the world today :)&lt;3 LOVES and my new icon kicks ass.
0	Today's lab day. I won't be back until 5 or so. And there's two math classes worth of homework to do tonight.  What was I thinking? I can't go out tonight. *sigh*
1	I had a great New Year!  We went to see 'Meet the Fockers' with Aric's parents - hilarious!  I highly reccomend it!  Then went home and played cards until midnight.  Happy New Year!!  Saturday we got to watch the Hawks beat LSU in the Capital One Bowl!!  That was the best football game ever!  Wow!!  I love it when it comes down to the last second!  His parents made a ton of snacky food - yum!  Then we played more cards and darts.  Yay!  I got to talk to my sister, Matt and my boys after the game!  Cole and I had a good long conversation, and it is so cute to hear Sam talk!  My sis said the other day she lifted Sam up to see the pics of family and he pointed to me and said 'Angie'!!!  YAY!!!  He is so adorable!  I cannot wait to see them in April!  Life is grand!
1	Right, so I'm about to leave for Thanksgiving break.  I'll be home until Sunday.  I'll be hanging out with the family and friends.  All of a sudden, UVA basketball maybe has a glimmer of hope after we took out number 10 (now 18) Arizona.  It was awesome we won 79-60 and then rushed the court.
1	For those of you who missed my last entry, i would recomend you go back and read it  HERE .  God really has been doing alot.  I just recently obtained a video that was made about a group of youth led by Lou Engle that stood and prayed 5 hours a day for 31 days against Roe v. Wade.  The 31 days represents the 31 years that Roe v. Wade has been around.  Each day they showed up and wore red tape on their mouths with the word Life written on it.  It is a really awesome video.  You can watch it on my site at  http://www.hanavi.net/movie.html  or you can download it from there  http://www.hanavi.net/files/thecause.wmv .  The only stipulation that i have heard on it is that you freely distribute it after you get it.  The same group of people that headed up this up, are now renting a house on Pensilvania Ave. in Washington D.C.  Many people are joining them there and vowing to fast and pray until Roe v. Wade is overturned. How exciting!!!
1	I rewashed yesterday's 2 loads of laundry. I finished watching Bowling for Columbine. And I got to see Vytautas today for the first time in 6 months. He cried when we he woke up , he didn't know who I was. He is such a cute baby , with big blue eyes and dimples.
1	Just wanted to write and say Merry Christmas! Love ya! Bye.
1	NEARLY THE WEEKEND!!!!  'RAY!!!!  *wanders off for more coffee*
0	This is just wrong:  http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=s tory&cid=494&e=5&u=/ap/tv_cookie_less_monster   Yes, you read correctly, due to parents letting their kids eat whatever the hell they want, Cookie Monster is no longer the cookie devouring furball that we all love. Besides, according to Local 12 the morning The Riley School played (ie St. Paddy's at 6:00AM), child obesity is the solution to the social security problem!
1	I'm taking a vacation from 2/14-2/22....where shall I go?  Jason and Laura want me to come to Seattle....Alan and Greta want me in St. Louis...or there's Matt in SoCal....or Matt in London.  London's pretty much out as I still don't have my passport yet.  I'm thinking warmth is nice....too bad everyone didn't live in the same place.  Then I could see everyone I wanna see.
0	Why did she have to leave again, I miss her already...
1	school tomorrow. peace out vacation. it was fun while it lasted. but not for jordan bc he cracked open his head and had it stapled shut, but nobody cares. songe is grounded, who knows. i beat gray down the mountain. so basically im the only one who had a great vacation, and everyone elses was ruined by something or another. its ok, as long as i had a great vacation, thats all that matters.
0	I chose a really shitty time to get depressed.  I just started an awesome job where I'm surrounded by kind, supportive, brilliant people (seriously!) and I have the best view in the cube farm on the 7th floor.  My freelance project (a local magazine) is about to release its first issue with me as editor.  Also lining my pockets is a continuous low-stress web gig for my old employer.    My friends are cool.  I'm dating some people.  I don't daydream about killing family members or myself.  Compared to a few years ago, this an improvement beyond all belief.  My life has glitches, but all the important shit is in place.  I'm smart, attractive, healthy... and I have all my limbs, which is super-cool.  But I'm not happy.  I don't know what my deal is.  Maybe it's the weather.  Or maybe I need a dog.  But I don't want a dog.  It would shit all over my apartment and then I wouldn't be depressed, I'd just be mad.
0	My grandfather is dead. He died last night, it didn't really come as a surprise since he's been in bad shape for a good six months now. He lived to be 88 years old, but still it sucks. I've always denied the fact that my grandparents could die...but, I guess I have to face it now.
1	Well it's that time of year and I still have many presents to get. I beleive I will be getting those today, considerig my Christmas is tomorrow and on christmas day my family does nothing.   I'am over everything. This is a good thing, I'm tired of my days fading into each other and me not knowing where the time has gone. I don't know how to explain in typing just what I am thinking and what I have overcome but know that this is a great feeling! But I guess actions speak louder than words, or do they?   Today is thursday, and you know what that means!   Alright, I'm off to work out and get my day started!!
0	wow there isnt alot to say today only that there is only 1 more fucking day of school.... thank god...
1	Hi.  Thought I'd make a post because I haven't for a little while.  Nothing much doing, except that Steve bought me some novelty underwear as a surprise a couple of weeks ago.  Much fun.  I hope all is well with my friends in here and that Mari and Kit are having a good time together (they get so little of it).  Love you all.
1	thanks for coming to see me everyone   this weekend was most excellent!!!!   good times, good times...   im going to come back soon   i &lt;3 you guys
0	I can't take Maddie being so sad. Why are humans so mean to other humans?
0	Yeah Im still kickin even though it has been a long time since I last posted...I had to break up with Candace....it was hard for me to do and I think she is taken it kinda hard but it is better this way Im sure....I wouldnt have done it but when I realized that I wasnt over Amanda( girl I was engaged to) yet... Its bad when I have a girl friend and Im still thinkin about Amanda after the shit she but me throught...so Im so sorry Candace that I hurt u like this and I hope that u wont hate me forever....I still cant shake Amanda outta my mind idk why and I wish that i could have gotten over it along time ago but I didnt so here I am....well Im out for now ttyl later Peace                                                                          Tim
1	In celebration of Miss Irelyn's 1st birthday anyone who places an order between 3/4 - 3/11/05 will receive a FREE Most Adorable Flower Pins that haven't even been shown yet! You'll be the first to get them and Pick which you'd like!!!   Please specify whether you'd like Polka Dotty (Hot Pink & Black Polka Dot Flower), Miss Brightness (Hot Pink & Lime Flower), Cutie Pie (Baby Pink & Hot Pink Flower) or Dark Mistress (SpiderWeb & Hot Pink Flower).   Click Website Link at Left!!!!
0	I...I missed 3/8 day?  ...And now it's 3/ 9  day?  *cwy*
1	TOday was a super awesome day, well so far, HAPPY BIRTHDAY SARAHITA!!! we had a mini party during lunch and it was super fun, she loved the present I gave her, I think, tomorrow is jenny's, we'll see how that turns out, but yay! Another thing I passed my cal test, that is like super mega cool! THe only ok thing is that I have to leave to houston this weekend, no friends :( oh well, still gotta have fun!  Lova you all everyone!  Elsa
0	I found myself visiting somethingawful.com today--when I came across the awful link of the day:   [  http://www.pawg.maskedkoopa.com/  ]   And...being insanely curious and apparently very masochistic, I went in search of a deviantART page.  [And...well I had to make this post somewhat relevant to the community :3]   http://mistystuffer.deviantart.com/gall ery/  A few more for your viewing pleasure:   http://saxxon.deviantart.com/   http://fatanthroclub.deviantart.com/    More will be posted once my room mates leave XD
0	stop the car ///and just hold me, &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;just touch me &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [ let me feel your hand in mine ]    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;anything to let me know that you're still sitting next to me
1	 The Killers  are going to be at City Stages this summer.  I'm there.
1	  thats the music for my UAB Majorette Tryouts~ I am getting better and better! I pray that this is the Lord's Will because I really enjoy this! ::sigh::&nbsp; gotta keep truckin through! how about ALL 1'S ON STAGE AND 1 IN SIGHT READING FOR OUR BAND TODAY!!!! wooooohoooOO!! it was SO exciting! then we went to the Galleria and me and Kristen and KTC all hung out and I&nbsp;bought some shorts and then we all tried out the massage chairs lol&nbsp; ... and we bought Mrs. J some yellow earrings and a bracelet lol... ahh Haagan Daaz &lt;sp? smoothie~ very nice~ bus ride home! fun fun!&nbsp; well g2g mom is callin everyone have a great night i love ya'll and prayin for ya'll~       Joshua 1:9   
0	He left a few days ago. I've been feeling quite sad. I would of gone with him except I'm in the middle of a tour.   We're going to the South Island on Monday, I guess I'm looking forward to that.   Sash
1	As of this exact moment .... well, this exact moment on Tuesday give or take an hour or two (I was born at 4:01 PM), I'm  25!   My only disappointment? No calls from my insurance agent telling me how much I've saved in insurance yet! I kid of course, I'm sure there's no law anymore that says when you turn 25, you save massively on insurance, but you know, another $20 a month would be nice right now!   I promise tonight, I'm posting an update on things with Danielle. I could just be evil and tell you the truth in so many words possible (it's still wonderful!!), but I'll be nice and go into more detail, promise!
0	   Flat tire + Lost key nut + No money = No car till the first of the month  No car + pissy boss + 2 hour commute (via foot + shuttle + shuttle) = Sad bren   I'm so fucking sick of being poor.   Update:  Just found out my girlfriend is going to be gone for the weekend of my birthday. She'll be coming back on my birthday (Sunday). She's going to go visit her ex. This would be the ex that she's gone to great lengths to convince me she's not in love with anymore. However, as their phone conversation ended, they closed with an exchange of "I love you! I love you too!"  This really weirds me out. Am I overreacting? 
1	I am offically 18 now. w00t!  HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!  Like I said last night, today is gonna rock!
0	my grades for winter quarter are a 3.6 (japanese tea aesthetics) and 3;4 in AES 212 (comparitive lit in aes). it really makes me wish i didn't take that stupid final paper so lightly. hmmm. what can i do. i really regret not taking a full load too. oh well... i guess i'm gonna pay for it by taking 15, possibly 17, credits next quarter. lame.
0	i hate anyone named Lou. and by the way, i'm not 5!
1	Okay.... I am beyond caring who reads this (the main reason why I did not post this in the first place).  I GOT A NEW JOB!! (But my current job does not know that I do) hehehe  Anyways.... I will be working up in Redmond (but NOT for Microsoft), another big company....  Anyways.... I get a HUGE Pay Raise..... WELL WORTH IT!!!  Only things is, I have to commute for a while... LOL!!!  I will for that much money!!!  hehe.... More to come later.....   BYE BYE BYE ALL!!!!  RW
0	Well, I'm here in Texas. Our orginal plans were suddenly changed last night, so we had to leave early this morning. I didn't really like the idea at first, but I didn't say anything about it. I having the hopeless gut feeling in my stomach. The thought that there is nothing I can do in my life is just nudging at my mind. I can't do anything about it. It's like the point when you have a gun to your head. You don't know whether to pull the trigger or wait a little longer... The adrenaline is rushing through your veins, blocking and mixing up every thought.... Then, you just begin to question yourself. What's the point of pulling the trigger anyways? I know I sound suicidal, but I don't know what to do anymore. It's like my whole life has turned upside down and inside out. I am dazed and confused.... Life really has no true meaning does it? You're born, and you eventually die....
0	people have upset me greatly today. makes me wonder why I made myself wake up this morning. maybe I'll have another cup of juice and take a nap. I've finished most of my homework and I just don't want to stare at books anymore... ughhh...
1	bama lost that blows we lost our game to but that wasnt a suprise ODB was on the other team man im so excited that tomorrow is friday and then its spring break man oh man my bracket isnt messed up too much im in 2nd i need TT to pull through Math test tomorrow and ive slept all week so i dont  know how that will go?  RSE are cool guys i think high card for shotgun to the beach is tomorrow that excited face is scary as hell too
1	Canned air rocks my face off. I can make air, ice, and a fire all come out of the same can. It's awesome.
0	I was pretty excited about going to the livejournal party tomorrow, until I realized that Pat was bringing Erin.  I just wanted to go to see friends, not avoid people :/   I guess I'll come crash Adam/Jeff/John/Bill's house some other time.  I feel bad that I want to be so exclusive, but some people just bring that out in me... Sorry to whine :?  Love y'all
0	wow this is like the worst weekend ive had in a wicked fuckin long time.  its sunday night and all i wanna do is cry. nothing could suck any worse than this i mean it wasn't that bad...and i know Laura feels really bad but its not her fault. and thats only the beginning of it. its okay i heart her
1	Hi everyone! I didn't get to post since I was away in New Hampshire, but I took some pictures before I left, and I decided I'd show you all! Hope you enjoy!!     This picture below this is of my computer desk. Eh heh!     This next one is of my desk on which miscellaneous items appear. Such at the garden gnome, my fedora, random bracelets etc.!   Nothing better then having some good books right behind you when you're an insomniac and attempting to sleep. Along with... random other stuff that's near the books. Like those ever-so-lovely part of my childhood book that I made. X_x;;;    And ofcourse, my ever messy bed. That I don't make, hardly ever! I was getting ready to go to my friend's house with explains my towel and half of my bathing suit XD Oh well, it just adds to the effect. Especially mixing well with my duel windowsill/bookshelf! ^_^   
1	oh yes, and i just found out that one of my Mexican friends from Freshman year is in Paris, and will be there until the middle of January...I am going to get to see her in a few days!!  yay!!!
0	GrlSct221 [12:49 AM]:  its just   GrlSct221 [12:50 AM]:  life goes on, it doesn't matter where you are   GrlSct221 [12:50 AM]:  in my fantasy world i could come back and pick up where i left off   GrlSct221 [12:50 AM]:  but everything's different   my anxiety's been really bad lately. im really not that satisfied with the way my life's going right now. andrew went to island view today. that's what i wanted, but now im worried he's on the wrong team or has the wrong therapist, i don't know. i was looking at his myspace and he indeed had a girlfriend and they said they loved each other. fuck, man. why does it feel like he's all i want? like i couldn't love any other guy as much? is it that i can only like guys if they don't show interest in me? fuck, dude. i just want some answers. some security. some control.
0	so... my dad's appenix ruptured.  it happened fri or saturday mornin'. we (grandmother and me) were contacted saturday afternoon.  he's ok, it ruptured before he got the hospital though.  today he still has a fever of 100 somethin'. he may b able to leave the hospital on tuesday, but he can't leave until he has absolutly no fever.
1	Time to go watch us get those World Series rings!!!  YIPPEE!!!!!!  Yankees Suck!
1	I GOT AN A- IN FRENCH! YES!!  i have never been able to get an A from this teacher. i love her to death, she's one the most amazing teachers i've ever had, but her classes are HARD. i feel so great! i worked so hard for that grade!
1	look at all the kool things i leared to do!    *melissa*    *melissa*     **Melissa** 
1	I'm online for a few moments.       *Gives her iMac a great big hug*
1	Well, now that I'm officially 70% through with school, I may actually update every once in a while. At least once I'm home and don't have anything better to do after my parents go to bed at 9.  I'm quite tired.  And tomorrow won't help either.  I've got plans for 7am coffee, 1pm lunch (and perhaps movie?!?), 6pm ice skating, 10pm christmas party, not to mention cleaning and packing to be out of my apartment for 3 weeks.  At least I should be able to get my last three Christmas presents wrapped tonight.    I love Christmas.  My favorite day of the year is when I give the "brown bags of happiness" to all my engineering boys.  They're so much fun to watch.  This year James invented a game where you take a stretchy plastic snake and try to hook an army man with it and then catch the army man.  Harder than you'd think.  The snakes are now stuck to the atrium ceiling.  Quite a feat, considering that ceiling is about 30 feet high.  G'night.
1	 Since I am too lazy to update about my trip (the 5th and 6th day), I'm just going to tell u guys that... I'VE GOT A NEW CAMERA! Finally! This is how it looks like:         Pretty nice eh? Don't know much about cameras but it's&nbsp;Casio's EX-Z50....&nbsp; And it's red! wait.. red? ... Mayb it's pinkish color... ah- what the heck.... lol  
0	Today was originally my day off, but I'm scheduled four hours to fill in for someone. And they're right in the middle of the damn day. So I can't do too much unless it's at night.  I'm sick of working there.. and I'm sick of missing this wonderful weather we've been having. I'M SICK SICK SICK. ;_; Does anyone know where I could get a job? :(
1	guess what  we found somewhere today we can get soy chocolate easter goodies for miss bethany!!!!! woo hoooooo  it might not seem like much, but she won't feel like she is missing out this year.... they can even get soy bunnies awwwwwwwww
1	I just joined a live journal community dedicated to Johnny Depp.  Of course, I can think of MANY worse things than having my friends list littered with pictures of him.  *happy sigh*
0	Okay, apparently it is not okay to be racist and think that aborigines aren't people (I dont agree with that statement can I make that bit clear).  But it is okay to loudly proclaim you hate all vegetarians. When asked why, the question in turn is wouldn't you rather a nice juicy steak instead? Noone bar the vegetarians complains then.  No, and you didn't answer my question, bitch.  I dont care if people don't like me, I think they're idiots if they claim to dislike me because I dont eat something they do. Especially if they don't/can't justify it.  Thinking people are idiots makes me sad.   I haven't come across this since I was 15.   (also shiny new Litrix icon)
0	lets see, x-mas eve my job sucks, almost got into big big trouble... deposit is screwy, my bank account is over drawn ,again, my mom and i got into a big fight ,again,got compared to my dad, not invited to her funeral, getting kicked of my house, might get my car taken away,i owe the world over $2000, i am the loneliest person , i have no one to give me a hug, no one to make me feel better, i just want to run away somwhere far and hide myself in a hole.
1	So i messed around with the journal reply and comments pages, mine are alot more pretty now.  They don't have as much information as some other people's, and it's a tad harder to see where text goes when you post a reply to my comments but i think all of you journalgoers can manage.  So here i am, nearly done with this theme and wondering what to do next.  Anyone have any theme suggestions?
1	John, I'm sorry we couldn't make it out to your party tonight.  We were seriously contemplating driving up there, but we're going to my cottage in 2 days and didn't feel like making the drive 4 times before the end of next week.  Not to mention these crazy gas prices.  Anyway, thank you for the personal invitation.  i heard george bush was reading a book about george washington and he's up to about 20 pages a night.  it must be a youth biography.    pistons played awesome last night.    i think i've finally come to grips with laughing at life.
0	 Another Sad Song - Joey Kim Nguyen (2005.02.14)   The old jukebox plays yet Another sad love song Here in this lonely place I've come to ease my heart.  I know I shouldn't care. It's just a passing thing, I try to tell myself, And I lie to myself.  Since when did those days go; When you still cared about All those small, little things, And we were still happy?  But nothing's the same now. This falling out hurts more Than anything I know; This distance grows wider.  Whisper that you still care, And pick up the pieces Of my broken heart that Scatter the ground, lifeless.       More   of my poems.
1	Not only is there a show coming up at the Troubador on the 22nd... but there is a FREE show THIS MONDAY @ noon @ UCLA... before Jesse Jackson speaks or something. Who's coming with?
1	   I thought it was neat it was about livejournal. That, and it's oh so true :-)  -Live Long and Prosper
1	Just because you brand homeless people with your initials, it doesn't mean you own them. But if you give them $100, it does.  Taking pictures of snowflakes falling is a wonderful activity, even though it looks just like you took a picture of the stars. Or maybe it's a wonderful activity  because  it looks just like you took a picture of the stars?
1	Same hourly I was making before, with plenty of room for raises as I crosstrain.  I'll find out about benefits or lack thereof on Tuesday at 4 when I go in for orientation.  Normal shifts.  A supervisor who seems sane, even if he's not a Red Sox fan.  And reasonable food.  *phew*  Here's hoping it works out well.
0	about the latest Prince Harry fiasco?    UK's Harry rules out Auschwitz visit in Nazi row   It's all over the papers here in NY. You think the boy would learn to think about his actions before leaving the house. Even I hesitate before buying a shirt that could potentially offend someone and I'm no where near being second in line for the throne. *shakes head* Oy.
0	Dear Journal,  My niece Joelle passed away this morning from respiratory problems. This is yet another low blow dealt to my family, we were still getting over her mother's, my sister Joelle's death (couple years ago).  The funeral is sometime next week, my brothers and I are planning to rent a car out to Grand Prairie to attend.  Why is it that I always lose the girls in my life? My mom, my sister, my niece... I didn't want to have to mourn the loss of another family member so soon.
1	eck, chris, and myself are going to  see sin city at 415 at amc newport on the levee. if anyone would like  to join us, meet us in front of the  ticket booth at 400.  more later.
0	     SORRY TO SAY BUT FREDDY GOES TO TEXAS IS DONE ITS A SAD DAY IN THE WORLD :( 
0	Today at 1:40 pm, I found my dad in his bed, dead. He was 87 years old. R.I.P. Dad!!
1	My boyfriend has passed on herpes. Whore. Now I have a lovely, bubble-of-a-sore in my mouth. I've named it Marla. How unoriginal.   Uhhhh, what else? School is tomorrow. Damn that weekend passed fast. How dull. I should've done something. Hey, but I did clean my room and do laundary, and that's the important thing. I can now die happy.   We have termites. We've actually had them but chose to forget about them. Jerry had  to go in the attic and spray some termite killin' stuff. While up there he tweaked with our antenea. We now have like 7 seven CLEAR channels compared to 2 unclear. Oh man. It is pathetic how excited I am.  Well. I must go. I am going to avoid getting yelled at...
0	Well...last day of life as I know it till I have to put it on hold.  Helped Lynn move after school today.  It was fun, her sister kept joking about random things and kept me from collapsing.  Her parents coordinated, even her dad left us three girls to do all the heavy lifting.  I'm happy I'm not weak.  -giggles-  It was funny, Lynn and Jess were on one side of the furniture and I got a whole side to myself...owwie.  Anyway, other than that the day was boring.  I bought some more sugar to last me the rest of my stay in Illinois though!  -dances around-  Yay for sugar!  Oh, Finally told one of my bestest friends that I was moving...sorry that I waited forever... lost my train of thought, Fox and the rest keep IMing me...damn.
0	I guess people mean more to me, then I will ever mean to them. It's true... I'm easily forgotten and instantly replaced, but each and every one of you is irreplaceable to me. An old friend made me think lastnight about this, and ended up making me feel really selfish about this opinion. Perhaps he was stoned off his ass... but he did send me this   " A friend is one to whom one may pour out all the contents of one's heart, chaff and grain together, knowing that the gentlest of hands will take and sift it, keep what is worth keeping and with a breath of kindness blow the rest away." - Arabian Proverb
1	From       metaquotes   : "MacGuyver [Edit: sic] is the only man in history to make a mullet sexy, and he does it with nothing but a matchstick, an unbent paperclip and a wad of chewing gum." ( here )  Life's good.  I'm doing open mic at Khyber next Tuesday.   ...*squeals*  That's all :P
1	  4 teenagers get the whole house full of fatty, delishous foods to themselves ......what can go wrong?      the toliet breaks down :-(       &nbsp;     yesterday we walked to "little netties". the service was..blah (they got my order wrong after waiting a long time). but the food was good and so was the romantic setting. last night we all watched "mean girls" of course. right now we're getting ready to do a play/movie. i have to call me pet supplies plus place now to get my hours. bye!      i miss amas. i had a dream about you in a funny hat. i love you :-)  
1	san antonio was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUN like can't even type everything out haha from steam rooms to my dad whispering angie in the car awww lauryn that was GREAT well tommorow i have vball at george r brown call my cell if u wanna watch ill be there all day long JOY lol well i g2g wakin up at umm lik 445 tommorow o how fun will that be  p.s leah cangelose thank you so much u r so awesome babe!
0	Henri Cartier Bresson died on Monday...    Legendary photographer Henri Cartier-Bresson has died at the age of 95.    Cartier-Bresson's work inspired generations and he was considered one of the greatest photographers of the 20th century. ...    (the whole news)               
0	I can hardly remember what day it is, what with being on holiday for practically 6 weeks and only going to my course 4 days a week now.  Feeling really down and very angry.
0	Today starts another day of crap... yeah thank you human emotion
1	HEY EVERYONE, I HAVE A FAVOR TO ASK! YAY! A FAVOR TO ASK YOU ALL, FOR ALL YOU ARE ALL.  TODAY IS *doggie drum roll* DAY AFTER CHRISTMAS DAY SALES! YAAAAYYYYYYY! AND THERE ARE TARGET DOGS!  YES! TARGET DOGS!  THERE ARE TARGET DOG BROTHERS TO BE BOUGHT AND THEY WOULD LIKE A HOME! THEY ARE ALL EXCITED AND THEY CALL ME AND SAY "HEY, TARGET DOG! THIS IS TARGET DOG! WE HAVE A SALE! WE WANT HOMES SO WE CAN RELAX AND RUN! PLEASE SEND A WORD OUT! AND WE WILL ALL DO DANCES AND FRACTALS!  SO BUY TARGET DOGS! WE WILL LOVE YOU AND BE HAPPY AND WILL SAY "That is a very nice sweater, and it looks good on you!" WE ARE TARGET DAAAAAAAAWWWWWGS!  YAY! BUY A TARGEY! YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAY!  woof.  -TARGET DOG!!!
1	awake for yet another day. i have figured out what i want to do. and now i just need to find a way to change my grades. maybe study. great idea. i think that my life is great even with past events. i am happy and meds are workin properly. so  have emotions at random time, so if i say something off or so, you might want to disregard it. thanks you all for suport you provide, even though you dont realize you do it. and well nothing in life can mean something more than someone to love.  bless all of your lives with great riches and love. love you all,  don
1	i have a new toy, its a beautiful brand new toshiba notebook. i fucking love it.  its got all kinds of shit and it actually didn't even cost all that much (after rebates) i got a lot of toys in the past 2 weeks.  my boyfriend got a 51' screen tv, a surround sound system and another dvd player.  infact im typing on it right now.  i keep getting distracted though cuz im watching this wierd show and its getting pretty interesting. its been a while since i watched cable television.  the chicks on this show are really bitchy. ahh well. im excited, i got a lot of crap to deal with and i dont care cuz i have a laptop.
1	Well, I'm off tomorrow to impose myself on others for the season of goodwill. Strange ... it doesn't seem so long ago I'd be saying "Mum's coming for Christmas", and I'd be rushing around in a mad panic buying stuff, cleaning the house, sorting out accomodation, putting up deccies, etc. I do hope my prospective hosts haven't fallen into that trap ...  The laptop's coming with me, so if you're lucky (?) there may be updates over the next few days. But if not ...   A HAPPY XMAS TO ALL MY READERS !!    ... and I'll see you all again when you've sobered up in the New Year!  :)
0	So much is happening right now that is depressing I don't even have the heart do go into it fully.  Suffice it to say that my depression has deepened about twentyfold, I think I might have lost my job, and this whole mess at school just fucking sucks.  Combine that with no longer wanting to persue my major, the one thing that I'm good at and have the discipline to do (unlike writing which I am too undisciplined to do consistently), and I'm just a fucking mess.  So I've withdrawn from the world and am doing nothing except reading books and praying that the end of this godforsaken semester ends soon.  To those that have felt my ignorance, I'm sorry.  And for those that have felt my wrath, I am also sorry.  Unless you deserved it, in which case fuck you.  But mostly I'm just sorry.  So very fucking sorry.
0	Life has a tendency to make you really think about people's intentions. I for one am totally open, but a short time ago I was saddened to find out a person that I knew for a while now, was very 2 faced. I am very cool and mellow, but as a true scorpio, I hurt easily and close my emotions, so tonight I took time to write an e-mail and walk away from a friendship that I believed was a deep and very emotional one.   I think and hope you all agree with me, that honesty goes a long way. If I say or do anything to bug you, well you are in your right to tell me, but dont be nice to me to then express your dissapointment. If this last election process taught me anything is that we can agree to disagree, so dont patronize, dont chastize and definitly do not be fake.   Sting has an old song that says "be yourself no matter what they say"  Have an awesome weekend and Peace Out.
0	On the Anniversary of My Brothers Death.  I realize he is dead while watching a pan begin to boil. Bubbles gather at the bottom, Release and frantically make their way to the top, desperate for release. Four years spent rotting, bleached bones in a box. I get the sudden urge to run from the kitchen  to his grave and claw  through the dirt  to his dried and decomposed body.  It hits,  fierce and relentless. A push in my ribcage. Pulsing palms  trying to grip something solid. A pan with disappearing bubbles. A head stone with ivy and quant words. Loss creeps into the corners  of my eyes, feet and chest.  I think maybe I can’t grasp it. That I will not come back, but stay and sink into the earth  and make my home with the worms  working for what’s left of flesh.
1	Coldplay's new album X&Y comes out June 6th, preceded by the single Speed of Sound on May 23rd.  It's safe to say that I'm pretty excited!    X&Y album cover  X&Y Tracklisting 1.  Square One 2.  What If 3.  White Shadows 4.  Fix You 5.  Talk 6.  X&Y  7.  Speed of Sound 8.  A Message 9.  Low 10. The Hardest Part 11. Swallowed In The Sea 12. Twisted Logic
0	dude man..im tired of this fucken accident shit..its taking so long..i just want things to go back the way they were..its so stressfull right now..but anyways..i just recently bought the new mars volta cd..and im glad that i got it for 7 dollars..instead of the 13..haha..let me tell ya..ill flirt with anything if i can get a discount..hahaha!!..the cd is oky..im not thats thrilled about it..i mean maybe because the songs are so long..i played track number 3..and that lasted 12 minutes homie..12!!..im not down for that..too much..im like when are you gonna be finished..haha..so yeah..im planning on getting the new sidekick...yeah i figured everyone has one..i should too..haha..im trendy..like everyone else..hahah...so thats about it..havent updated this in a while...lates
1	nar nar nar nar nar!  wussuP?   today wus chinese skool...blah &gt;_&lt; went out to eat w/ angela and her mommy...and guess who i saw? i saw howie! hah! i didnt know it wus him...until i asked him online   oh man! GO CARTS! +D MONDAY!   dude...i feel bad...i ditched aaron on friday after skool &gt;_&lt; (im sorry!)  we were suppose to meet at my class after skool but i kinda just left cuz i wus ina hurry -_- *sigh*  big sale this weekend!   quote of the day...  "excuse me but i've got some shopping to do."
1	Rave You in Bay View @ The Cactus Club DJ Flavor Dav + Li'l Pow Wow 2496 S Wentworth Avenue, MKE  53207 Tuesday, 5 April 2005, 2200 hrs - close
1	best Valentine's Day ever!  I love you!  and heres a lil somethin' something' for your reading pleasure..  Valentine was a priest who served during the third century in Rome. When Emperor Claudius II decided that single men made better soldiers than those with wives and families, he outlawed marriage for young men -- his crop of potential soldiers. Valentine, realizing the injustice of the decree, defied Claudius and continued to perform marriages for young lovers in secret. When Valentine's actions were discovered, Claudius ordered that he be put to death.   Other stories suggest that Valentine may have been killed for attempting to help Christians escape harsh Roman prisons where they were often beaten and tortured.
0	well today was shitty  ...yeah umm community service for 4 fucking hours  yeah that blew like no other  then just to add on to my already shit day i get home feeling depressed cuz i woke up at nine to do that shit but anyway i get home and my mom says "i have something to tell you chris"  ...whenever she says that its not good and it wasn't yeah my little cousin who is 5 might have a tumor god damnit thats just not right shes so little god damnit im gonna cry
1	Greetings friends and fiends:      just to let you know Saru and I are moving to:      http://www.livejournal.com/users/black_ traitor/          we are just moved in and getting unpacked...and..oh shit, OK, its just a dream, OK?? Saru ISNT really waiting for me under the sheets, OK, happy????  Godammit.       anyways, if anyone still loves us, please switch allegiances to our new Journal of Madness - Black Traitor  ( black_traitor )
1	Went to the beach for laurens bday fun times. thanks for invitin me! happy 16th hope all ur birthday wishes come true. I luv lauren lol so does wolf
1	I've started listening to a new band.. They are called Blind Guardian, if you don't like metal don't listen to them though.  JSUT IN CAESE ANYOEN CAERS!
1	BREAKING NEWS:   Eddies ass got sent to jail this afternoon!! hahaha!! funny shit!!  lol crackin myself up!  Me and Daniel n my sis and Streatmen went to Rickeys house and then to Chick-fula....i think i might actually start to like that boy...he is really sweet but im gunna have to be careful after all that other bull-shit.  Well  bye bye till next sunday cause i'll be in Virginia with Stephanie...muh-wah!  Love ya sweeties! APe
1	Merry Christmas to all! ^^ Hope everyone's having fun.  Currently stealing a few minutes of computer time while in Virginia. Am quite satisfied with my presents. I now own:  -$80 (MONEY! Ahahahahah!) -3 new decks of cards. One from Budweiser. This  rocks . -Socks. No, seriously. -A large bag of Lifesavers. -A new notebook. Which I do not actually  have , yet, since my mother forgot it at home, but I  will  own it. Yes!  and  - The Art and Power of Being a Lady . Ahah. Ahah. Ahah. 0_0  And I have read       ariastar   's fic, which rocks muchly, yes.  Eek, have to run. Going to see a movie.
1	I got so caught up in writing about my dreaded week that I forgot about the good thing that happened today!&nbsp; For the last few weeks I've been interviewing people for the weekend shift.&nbsp; I haven't been having the best luck in finding ppl.&nbsp; Anyway, today I interviewed someone who's my age and just moved back to the area after living in Venice for 2 years!&nbsp; She loves to cook (the sound of that made my tummy very happy!) and she speaks Italian, so it'll be like I never left home! ;)&nbsp;
1	Uni stuff is ... complicated ... and possibly confusing  I'm going to be studying the following 4 subjects for Semester 1 -   Japanese A (major) An introduction to Psychology (minor) Communication and Thought (Core subject thats compulsory at this Uni) Innovation, creativity and Entrepreneurship (also core subject thats compulsory)   It sounds like a fair bit of fun and Involves me only going to Uni for 3 days a week - and the longest non-stop section is only 4 hours with a 2 hour break following it. It sounds pretty good - can't wait to start :)
1	Oh My God it was so nice to sleep in today!  I did hop over to the office to do a few additional things that I was not able to finish on Friday.  I was only there for an hour.  I came back home and started to work on some cleaning.  Then, at 12:00 I decided to start making my German Swedish Meatballs.  They are almost done and smell fantastic!    I also watched  Postcards from the Edge  on Bravo this afternoon.  I love that movie.  Now, I think I will sit outside and read for a little bit.
1	I just saw Alias is having a special on their books:   Learning Maya 6 Suite   I have "Learning Maya 5: Foundation" and absolutely  love  it, and have thought about picking up some of the others in the series.&nbsp; It's a bit to spend on books, but I've been using Maya for a while know and know I'd have interest in it.&nbsp; It would also fuel further  ACM talks , which is always a good thing.&nbsp; I might get it for myself as a Christmas present - it'd be great to use my time off in the holidays to get some hardcore Maya learning in. :)
1	eyebrow compliments are wierd.  cranberry juice is good.
1	CONGRATULATIONS TO HILARY AND BRITTANI FOR MAKING CHS JUNIOR VARSITY CHEER!!!! you gurls rock 
0	We rented Napoleon Dynamite last night... I'm still smacking myself for it. What a horribly pointless movie. Did I miss something in the intro that warned "This movie contains content that may be harmful to those over 30"? There should have been a warning like that. Honestly. I totally didn't get it. *sigh*.. My 9 year old nephew thought it was hilarious though.
1	Oh N-Y-C  I give you fair warning Up there In lights  I'll be   Well maybe not...  but I got my ticket and I'm heading up to the Bigggggggggg Apple.
1	 *squee!!!!*   My friend Jenny is coming to visit me tomorrow!!! We're going to get her BM dress ordered!!! I'm sooooooo excited! Things are coming together! Plus I get to spend the day with one of my bestest buds. :)  What a wonderful end to an  incredibly  shitty week. I  knew  it had to turn around sometime. :)
1	With her talisbag tucked into the large pocket inside her coat, Kaycee walked down the pavement, looking for the street sign she had been told to watch for. Finding it at last she turned down the smaller thoroughfare and continued on, eyes now seeking a particular shop. She was in search of some crystals, rose quartz in particular and had been able to find out about a small shop whose name brought a smile to her lips. 'The Magic Box', she heard said, was the place to find all sorts of oddments for those in that 'field of work'. She slowed as she spied the blue shopfront, window decorated with gold lettering of that simple by elegant script. She crossed the street and stood outside for a moment, taking in the fields of energy around it, and opened the door to step inside.
1	Since I have been the last person to leave the Safari Village the past couple of nights, I have had to make rounds and make sure that I don't lock any guests in.  Tonight the capybaras were near the fence.  I walked along the side to get a closer look, and I guess I disturbed one because it stood up and barked at me!  I had been told that capys bark, but had never heard one until tonight.  It was so cool, a little slice of capybara heaven!  I walked around the other side of the fence to look at it again and it barked again.  Then it went closer to its mate and laid back down in the sun.
1	Well, I'm off to Vegas later tonight. Leaving around 3:30 this morning, and I'll be in the air around 7 or so. This is going to screw with my head though. It's about 6 hours flying time but when I leave NC at 7 a.m. I'm going to get in NV around 10 am. LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!!  So I'll bring back some stuff if I can, and hopefully I'll win some ca$h to send to people.   Much love!
0	.. but I've really come to realize that I despise people. The human race is nothing but a bunch of whinny, pathetic, self-absorbed, "pity me and all my bullshit" bunch of bottom feeding idiots.   Don't get me wrong, I do favor a few people on this earth, but not many. I am ferociously protective over me and my own, but as far as I am concerned, the rest of the people in this world can drown in a sea of their own misery.  The world I live in is my own, and so is that of every other person on this earth. Our worlds do infuse themselves with that of others, but only I should be able to decide on whose. Don't force yourself into mine and NEVER think that I don't have the power to throw you out.   If you decide to tear yours apart with all the problems you bring on yourself, do so. But don't ask for my help when you realize that you no longer have somewhere to call your own.
0	A surprise snow storm managed to take out all of my meetings for this afternoon.  The weather is bitterly cold.  Also our desired guest speaker for X-Fest appears to be bailing on us (unless we're willing to pay him up front and under the table) and we've had to cancel tomorrows jury screening (which might prove beneficial as I can use the time to do work).    Needless to say this has all Zapped my motivation and I now feel like shit.
0	Aunt Brenda Died on wensday.. we knew it was gunna happen since she had cancer.. but i still feel bad.. sunday is the wake.. :( REST IN PEACE AUNT BRENDA!
1	...i have never seen a display like i saw today.  my team worked together...ran together...and died together for all of us...the leadership on this team is unbelieveable...  i almost had a tear for how we worked together...i couldn't have done it without you ALL OF YOU!!!!   Like my heart is so tied into this season and i dont wanna do anything to fuck it up...like i saw how everyone sacrificed and i loved it...and I LOVE YOU ALL!!!  BEST FRIENDS=SOCCER GIRLS!!!  i can't say it enough I LOVE YOU ALL!!!  so i didn't run a 715 but it was a 718 and i busted my ass for it and i am proud!!!  sorry to girls that missed up but there will be other bondings...but nothing touchs the heart more then pain...  aight so i gushed enough but i hope all u other girls who didn't make the time or bust your ass can get it together...  but thanks to everyone  umm FOR NOW...time to definitly chilax/...and have a good ass time...last night of freedom  love you all  ADIOS
1	this just in! the loud neighbors moved out!! can i tell you how happy this makes me. No more being woken up at 3 or 4 in the morning with my walls shaking and hearing "Smack my Bitch Up" pumped as loud as it can possibly be. I just heard the gal that took their place say-"These people were disgusting. They left their shit everywhere and didn't even bother to take it with them when they left. There were spoiled plates of food all over the counter." Ah....i lived next to some gems!  i love science fridays and mint brownies!
1	if you want a postcard from st. croix reply with your address or tell me at school.  1 day!!
1	Weel, this was first day after vacations, and it was ok, I just had class form 7 to nine, The rest of the day I just hanged out with my friends, but there she was right next to me and when I told her "hy", all those feelings I was trying to forget came from the bottom of my heart and it was in that moment that I realized that she'll always be a very important and special girl for me....
1	You Higuri is coming to America!!!   Sorry I couldn't tell you sooner. :-X  So many secrets I have to keep...  You Higuri will be appearing at Ushicon TX in JANUARY.  That's right!  In ONE MONTH!!  Well, almost.  As for us, we're working out our schedule right now.  There's this little trip to Japan we have to take ::sweat:: in January.    But I really want to be there, so by god I'm going to be there.  Even if I have to hide out in the basement so they can't track me down and throw me out.   And oh, wait until you find out what I'm planning to do. ;-) More on that later.  Ushicon will let you know more details as details are available.  But please stop by the convention website now to get further information, plan your schedule, and check out Higuri-Sensei's bio!!!   Ushicon Convention 
1	YAY RACIAL STEREOTYPE TALKIES.  Anyway.  Merry Christmas to all - I &lt;3 you Alison, and will miss you as you go to Canada.&nbsp; To each and everyone else, you all fucking rule, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.  I hope you all have an amazing Christmas morning / Christmas day.  ^_^
0	Why do i do these things...  you know what..i dont fucking care anymore..  *curls up in bed*
1	Hi      Hung out w/ Robert yesterday. Exchanged gifts.  Going out to dinner tomorrow with him and Steven...   I'll be regining choas on ZotRO today.
0	Have you ever been in one of those situations where you know you should apologize, but you don't want to, just to be petty and difficult?  When you know you shouldn't have said what you what you said, but you were just trying to be completely honest?  When the person takes your words worse than you could have ever expected, and uses that anger to lash out at you and attack your most vulnerable spot? When you're both in the wrong, but neither side makes a move, no one tries to fix anything?   stalemate.
0	Tim just left. He's back from spring break with his family downstate.  He brought me my ring.  It's still too big, even after being resized.  I don't know what to do...I know that I was really grumpy and mean to him, and I feel so bad. He did his best, it's not his fault, the jeweler told him it was right and he just accepted that...and he went through all that to get it fixed, and all i do is complain about it being to big still. I'm an ungrateful wrench.  I realized it and started apologizing to him, so I hope he knows how sorry I am. I think i should go to bed and not infect the world with my presence any more tonight.
0	My condolences to       campn    and anyone else here affected by this decision.   By BRAD CAIN, Associated Press Writer   SALEM, Ore. - The Oregon Supreme Court on Thursday nullified nearly 3,000 marriage licenses issued to same-sex couples by Multnomah County a year ago.   The court said while the county can question the constitutionality of laws governing marriage, they are a matter of statewide concern so the county had no authority to issue licenses to gay couples. 
1	Well, I just signed myself into debt.  But, I'll be getting a nice something out of it - a new car.  I'm an owner of a 2005 Toyota Corolla.  I get to pick it up on Saturday.  I'll post some pictures come Saturday.
1	I just got the results back from the test and all.  ...Fabian Prewett, Auror.  I rather like the sound of that.  As of today, life is  good .
0	It feels as though i lived and died a hundred times the past couple of days.  I am so dazed and confused.  It's all been a dream.  No, a nightmare.  A horrible horrible one..
1	Not a real long weekend, but it's felt like it, starting with picking up a visiting friend from the airport at 8am on Sat.  After that, we found out she hadn't watched "The Incredibles", so we decided we should go buy it, then went out to lunch.  Then went shopping for food.  It felt like a full day by then already.  And we ended up staying up pretty late watching movies, so by the end of the day, it felt like Angela had been here for a lot longer than less than a day. ^^;  Then today, went out to eat, shopped some more, realized that liquor stores are all closed on Sundays.  (Yes, we've been here for over 4 years and only now figured that out.)  Got Feng a haircut, and now, we're cooking curry.  And the day's still not over!  Yay!
1	 &nbsp;                This makes me a happy camper....I waited in line for that baby!!! Lol. I got mine when Ticketmaster opened and I asked her how close I could get and she said that KK was the closest, which is in the back of the seats sort of. Idk. I'm just happy that I'm going.  
1	Well, this is it folks, the last post before I fly out.    Being a last minute packer, most of my day tomorrow will be spent getting the stuff together I need for my trip (or rather, putting it all in my suitcase).  I also have a couple of errands to run, so I should be busy up until my flight time.  I will likely update daily from Israel, so none of you will be able to miss me too much - in fact, you'll probably get sick of me pretty fast.  I hope you all have a lovely holiday.  I'll see you in three weeks.
1	hmmm its been a while since ive written so yeah ill just breif everyone on what has happened. its spring break and i havent really done anything too exciting. Ive been with brad EVERY DAY  so far (except for sunday cuz my dad named that day "No Brad Sunday") we've had fun on some days but didnt do anything on other days. it was funny we went to claires and i was being really goofy, making him try a lot of stuff on but he wouldnt. then after a lil while he started to be goofy with me and put SOME things on !! lol it was fun i guess. anyways thats been it i guess.   ITS BRAD AND MINES ONE MONTH ANNIVERSARY!!!!!!!! HURRAY FOR US!
1	      Well as the topic says, I bought new rims today for my 2002 Honda Civic. They are 17" Enkei RSV rims, the color is called Anthracite. For the tires I went with Cooper Zeon, sized 215/40R-17. All in all it wasn't a bad deal at all. The rims come in from a different Discount Tire tomorrow and hopefully around noonish, they will be on the tires, and on my car. w00t w00t w00t w00t 
1	You will live in Mansion. You will drive a pink bug. You will marry cody and have 6 kids. You will be a novelist in france.   www.playMash.com
0	Hey gang...taking a break..I won't be posting for a while..I just had my heart crushed and I don't even know if I'll log on because I don't want to hear about her new friends or why I am such an ass while I am so freakin' sad.   I leave for the WC Saturday or Sunday for the holiday (at least for 2 weeks)and it might just be good to get back in the ocean and calm my soul. Maybe this city is too much for a waverider like me. How long can I stay in the water before I prune?     I can't believe that this is how I am spending my finals week. All because I couldn't give a girl what she wanted in the time frame she wanted it. Tell me again why I thought about dating? I know several of you are in the same boat...merry freakin' Christmas! Maybe I will have a Melissa's melancholy holiday soiree when I get back. We can all bring our sad souls over to Miracle for some good Mexican and therapy with Jose' (or water for SB).  Be well and be happy
1	it's official. wala na akong pera. pero para akong gago...  nagi-internet cafe pa rin. magastos na bata! pero go pa rin. masayang  mag-internet.      the whole week was... nakakawindang. ah basta! masyadong maraming  reports ang pinapagawa at pinapa-submit. naiinis talaga ako. pero dapat  lumaban. hehehe.      meron kaming encyclopedic QUIZ worth 50 points sa hum1. hello?!! as in  heller to the 1000th power!! nakakaburat! ang hirap hirap! tapos  winiwindang niya ko kasi yung approaches to literary criticism ibang  iba!! hay nako talaga.      anyway, masayang magka-boylet dito sa los baños. di na talaga ako  lilipat. masaya na ako sa kanya. at mamaya'y may date ang buong barkada  ko sa indio's. o diba? ibahin mo kami dito sa LB... hindi friday ang  gimik. tharsday!! hahaha!Ü      7.18 na. nagagalit na sila. kailangan na daw naming umalis. marami ng  gutom ang barkada ko. isang magandang update ang gagawin ko pag nagka  oras ako. pramis! hehehe! sige na! gubay!! 
0	i need a friend, now more than ever. home life is sucking right now. i don't know what to do about all this crap. i don't like it.
1	So I'm in Ames to stay now, so if you see me anywhere else it is because I am visiting.  Last night was a good start to my new location by having a massive party....yay!  Anyways, I just thought I'd let everyone know that I am here now.  But i must now go report to the yard for some frisbee.  lata
1	SAT this morning @ Redford H.S. = TOO much fun.  Followed by ... (Drum role please ...)  HARRY POTTER!! AHHHHHHHHHHH!!  By far the best HP yet; it was so good. --&gt; I agree with Alan though, the soundtrack kind of sucked :-( kind of depressing, oh well ...  So, I have no "real" school days left, AHHHHHHHH, only finals really, WOW ...  SENIORS '05  Crazzzzzzzy.  I miss lj, probably why I'm updating now ... Going out ...  Love, Megan
0	So the best way to start a Monday morning is NOT to come into work after forcing yourself out of bed, not even completely through with your coffee, click sleepily onto the internet icon,and discover that your favourite living authour has committed suicide.  )=
0	I lost a resident who was dear to me tonight.  She has been a resident there for 15 years and her name was Anna. A sweet little polish lady.. when she got mad.. she reverted to polish in an instant. Told us stories of how she met her husband. The most handsome man on earth and how he smiled just for her. She's with him finally tonight after all those years apart. He died in the 60's.   I knew it was going to happen. Hospice had taken over most of her care and such.  But I wasn't ready to let her go. She had family but they never came to see her. Her daughter, knowing that her time was short, only came to visit twice. The day they brought her back from the hospital and tonight when her status changed. I know in my heart she didn't die alone.. cause her family was there.. The aides and nurses. We were there everyday and night for her these past weeks.. talking to her..encouraging her to try to eat and drink.    She was 96... she would have been 97 on the 3rd of April.
1	what i said was:  sitting on the train this morning listening to 'hometurf' and grinning like a loon, i realised how good i really do have it at the moment, and how lucky i am.  *******  i got a child ticket this morning on the bus without asking for one.  however, rather than implying i am a youthful 12 years old, i think it is a scam.  i paid my full 1.20 fare, and got a 40p ticket.  i reckon the driver has a pocket full of 80ps.  *******  we got all our pressies from teh reception back last night, and my, what a generous bunch you are!  i won't say much here, as we intend to do it properly and do thank you letters, but my, spoilt again! thank you!
1	    I went to 6th street with Leslie Tyler and Chad and got a tattoo.  Just to clear things up..it really doesnt hurt.  Not even a little.
1	I am about to pack my computer and am leaving in less then an hour. Craziness.  I'll write when I get there.
0	i think i need to find new friends that's personalities aren't pot
1	Still no news... hopefully I will be an auntie by morning... ahh I'm so excited!
1	George and I are going to this:   http://www.stlshakespeare.com/MONKEY/in dex.html 
1	Hello Livejournal. I am in the White Lion in Clifton, Dave has brought his laptop and we are chilling out, on leather sofas and drinking tea. Yay. And loans are in. Let me repeat that. LOANS ARE IN THE BANK MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!!!11111one! Yes. Anyway. More tea. Yay!
0	Ok, i finally got myself a pic for this LJ. Considering such a fact that I am really crap at drawing things, especially with paint, the pic appeared to be a lot better then I expected. I also played a little with red/blue/green gamma and was finally able to create a real neon reeking phase dragon. Still I will play a little more with colors to make a better pic.  And..... Not to forget a new pic of a Griffin I made. I am preatty proud of this one...  http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 360/Crystalscale/Deathfire/EverGriff.jpg  
0	No one cares anymore. blah. i fucking hate life right now.
0	One of my rats died yesterday.  The very first pet I ever had, that was all mine.  I guess he was too old to carry on.  Remember he was the one with the brain parasites almost two years ago?  Poor guy...  Rest in peace, Sir Thomas Scribbles Potter Esq.  You were always beautiful to me and always loved.  Thank you for being my pet.
1	 My head hurts.    My hair hurts.    Even my eyelashes hurt.    And my mouth tastes like I've been frenching a Vahzilok zombie....             I had a   BLAST!    And to all my old friends-- Darksun, Exiled Halo, Pantheon, Sweet Pea, Lady-- *sigh*-- I hope  you're doing well and that I see you again someday.   Hope Lusi does come back like she promised ...   Oh, and Gung?  Okay. I'll admit you were right.  It looks like the Crey might be up to something ... I'll let you know more when I know  something useful ....   And why are so many really hot chicks evil? 
0	I am not really sure what is wrong with me. I am down, thats all I know. And I hate school, I hate having to work, I hate being responsible. All I want is for things to come easily for me. this is not me.....Maybe it is, who knows. I am pissed because I am going to have to move home next year, I guess it would be easier, but I really like being semi on my own. Damnit Jon move in with me! I won't rape you! I love you. Goodnight goodbye MUAH
0	Today Tyler and I Broke up. I believe that we would be better as friends. I still think he's an absolutely amazing person that i care a lot about. Just sometimes life doesnt work out as you thought it would.   ~Dave
1	    Potter --  Here. I was your secret santa. I don't know you at all, but I know you're crazy and you did some drugs. Have fun. Happy holidays.  ZS  ((Attached is a glass pipe.)) 
1	 Just got back from the eye doctor.......    This is it, folks! No more contacts, no more glasses! No more waking up to a fuzzy room and an undecipherable alarm clock! Now I will be able to speak to people and recognize who they are! Plus, I'll be able to drive and actually read the road signs!!!    Lasik surgery....in 12 days.......    Woot. 
0	oh my god! im such a screw up. i hurt irving pretty badly last night. he keeps swearing that hes not mad at me, but i cant help but think he is. i hate doing that to him, but i just cant help it. looking at his face last night was just killing me though. he looked so........i dont know, disappointed, hurt, mad....maybe a little of all. it felt like my heart got ripped out and the worst part is that it was all my own doing. i always tell myself that im never going to do that to him again, and then in a matter of weeks i do it again. i wish i could just stop......im going to try because i dont want to do that to him anymore. i just hope i can do it. but i think as long as i have christian to help me through it because frankly i dont think i can talk to irving about it anymore. i would love to think that i can talk to him but i dont think he can handle this anymore. that really hurts to think that, but its the truth. ugh
0	Bored as hell ALL DAY. Pretty much just woke up, played some IIDX, some KOF, listened to music, got dressed, played more KOF, listened to more music, talked to people, and now I'm doing this. Tomorrow's going to suck. It's just one of those feelings.  God Fucking Damnit.
0	My chemicals must be seriously messed up because I have been really depressed lately. I probably should start taking medicine.
1	HAPPY BIRTHDAY ENNA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I &lt;3 U!! lol
1	Today was my last day at Atomic.  Got everything I needed to get done for the whole day in the span of an hour and a half.  Gave hugs to Rob and Jason...and by hugs I mean shots to the arm and choking.  Rob got me good in the forearm...Moose Style prevailed today my most respected rival...but beware.  3 years at Atomic...crikey that's nuts...the most fun to work with and hang out with people ever.  I managed to piss off Jeff within the first 2 minutes of my arrival the last time I worked with him, and Mike went a little nuts like he always does when he's around me too apparently, I don't really notice anything different but Jeff says he changes when he works with me.  Brian...best assistant manager ever at Metro.  I'll be sure to see you jokers around.
0	My rabbit is gone...... Passed away from me.. I failed my famlliar
0	Yesterday, the alarm for the septic pump went off. I called plumbers, and they came out this morning. It turns out that the septic pump had died, and we needed a new one. A new one that they charged us $2,600 for. We have to get one of the extra big and fancy ones, since the septic field is up the hill from the septic tank. The plumber guy also said that there was gunk up in the pipes in the septic field, and we'd need to get them flushed out, which would cost another $800-$1000.  Bleh.
1	Happy New Year everyone!  i have to start packing... ehhhe.. i will get right on that later... i hope everyone from scad had a good break.. i will see you all tomorrow! yay!!
1	HAHAHA, should I be worried?       You're  Lolita !   by Vladimir Nabokov     Considered by most to be depraved and immoral, you are obsessed with sex. What really tantalizes you is that which deviates from societal standards in every way, though you admit that this probably isn't the best and you're not sure what causes this desire. Nonetheless, you've done some pretty nefarious things in your life, and probably gotten caught for them. The names have been changed, but the problems are real. Please stay away from children.      Take the  Book Quiz  at the  Blue Pyramid .   
1	my night consisted of taking down all of the Halloween decorations, doing some laundry, putting ALL of the beer in the fridge (there is almost a whole fridge full) and organizing a few things.  There are so many more things i'm going to get accomplished with this new wave of motivation.  yesterday adria was so sweet to me! my alarm battery went out and she drove across town to bring me one at work. how sweet! we cuddled on the couch for a little bit while she was watching tv. then we went to bed and i convinced her to listen to the rain while we fell asleep rather than have the tv on. i fell asleep with a smile on my face and woke up the same way. *grin*  Day One complete!  on to DAY 2!!
1	 Yesterday was Ike my gangstas' birthday. We gave him a makeover fit for a princess.          and we played pin the tail on the donkey...i think he was a little off, just a little, but now i know what was really on his mind all night!         Well, i can't wait for spring break...school was way past getting on my nerves, and i think i only have to work one day out of the week...yes!! plus i'm getting it started early friday, me arianne and annie (i'm not sure how to spell thier names) are going on an adventure a.k.a. not going to class. So every one have fun this spring break, and give your teachers hell tomarrow...you don't have to see them for another week! 
0	I wish I didn't have school tomorrow, then I would spend all night writting a part to one of the many novels or short stories, or net show scripts that are flowing around my head.  ah, if only...
0	I definitely understand my relationship more.  I'm not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing.
1	We, as is Kristin and I...As in SPACE MONKEY COMICS...Have an interview with Bill O'Driscoll and the City Paper on Thursday.  WOOT!  I can't wait to be, like, all sorts of super famous so I can pave my driveway with poor people.
1	pimps hoes nympos tricks and squares.. okayplayerrrr woot! okay im done singin lol im still sick..but im excited i only have 3 days left till i can c my baby well at least i get to spend easter with him : ) i love you benny! lalalalalala im so bored!! aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! somebody save me from my boredom!!
1	Hey everybody, looking for something to do on this sunny afternoon?  Maybe you should check out the unique acoustic songs of me, Jon Maranville, at the Campus Coffee Bean today from 4pm till 5-ish.  You know you want to.  Thanks, bye.  P.S. Today is the day to vote for your student government. nau.edu/asnau Vote before 5pm
1	OK so pretty much i was fucked up almost everyday of SB...  I played a lot of baseball...  And last night was pry the best night of them all... i scared the shit out of titts three times... then i tackled him and he didnt even know he got tackled..i saw kolby and that shit was tight, then i bought about 8 bucks worth of BK and ate it...  then i drank more brew...i jumped over the fire... then  i went to bed and woke up and went to my soccer game RED CARD... then i went to jarets birthday party
0	OMG. WHY DID YOU HAVE TO GO DIMEBAG. I CRIED ALL LAST NIGHT AND ALL DAY TODAY ESCPECIALLY IN SCHOOL. EVERYTHING STUPID AND SMALL MADE ME CRY AND IM CRYING NOW. I CANT BELIEVE THIS HAPPEND. I THINK SAM WAS GETING ANNOYED WITH ME AND MIKE CRYING AND KEEPING ON TALKING ABOUT IT BUT I DONT CARE YOU CAN GET OVER SOMETHING LIKE THIS IN A DAY. YANINA, THAT WAS FUCKING AWESOME WHAT YOUR FRIENDS DID OUTSIDE OF ROLLING STONES YESTERDAY. WELL SOME GOOD NEWS IS THAT I MET CRADLE WITH MY FRIENDS AND GOT DEPRESSED CUZ EVERYONE WAS WEARING A PANTERA SHIRT. AND ONCE AGAIN SADDNESS AFTER THE SIGNING SEEING MARK AND BRIAN CRY. CAN YOU IMAGINE THAT 20 YR OLD TOUGH GUYS DONT CRY. I KNOW I WONT GET OVER THIS FOR A VERY LONG TIME. I STILL CANT EXCEPT THE FACT THAT HE'S GONE.       &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 I LOVE YOU DIMEBAG! I'LL NEVER FORGET YOU R.I.P &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 
1	So its been a week since my last update but there really hasnt been much to update about. Im makin my return to workin at the comic book store. Good ol'Atomic how Ive missed thee. Only this time..Im not running yu-gi-oh, that is the past. Also on the 19th of this comin month my friend from school and I are goin to cali to see our fav. band: NO INNOCENT VICTIM!! Im so excited I can hardly contain myself. Ill probably come back from the show with a black eye or somethin but definitly with tons o' merch. Showbread is also playin this comin month itll be good the see them again. Also their new album is awesome go check it out! Well thats all for me peace, love and Godbless!!
0	Postponed??  POSTPONED!?!?!  I wasted all of that fuel (of which is $2.56/gallon!!!) AND could have gone to Teatro ZinZanni?!?!  They couldn't have annouced that the concert was cancelled a few hours earlier??? Before I lined up even?!  At 2:30 when Garbage was supposed to be on 107.7, only 2 of the band members showed up and they said that Shirley Manson and Duke were ill (Shirley had bronchitis), but gave no inclination that the concert would be cancelled even though it sounded bad. That was the perfect opportunity!  On top of that, my cell decided that yesterday was a great time to completely freak out and go dead, but also come on for 2 seconds before giving me a black screen.  As       wldncrzy    so eloquently puts it, *breaky-smashy!*  There has been nothing said about a new show date. The people last night said it would be announced in a few hours. Nothing!
1	 On Easter Monday we looked at this video clip gallery of  various NASA rockets taking off . It was great to see the ground and clouds fall away until you could see the curvature of the horizon and the darkness of space. They were recorded by  Ecliptic Enterprises , a company that specialises in building cameras for rockets. Later in the afternoon, the kids and I made some rocket launch pads out of  Lego  building blocks for our pop rockets. 3 2 1 lift off .. !   "Use your imagination not to scare yourself to death but to inspire yourself to life." (Adele Brookman, San Francisco psychotherapist) 
1	Well, ort of.  More like, in the air. *grins*  yeah, I'm writing this post from on an AIRPLANE!!!  Never been on one of these before, and it's SO cool!  And, I can use my laptop and stuff, so...  yeah...  I'm going to miss all of you back in New Orleans, especially Willow and Buffy, you guys kind of helped me figure out who I am.  And I promise to keep in contact...  Mom told me I could use my laptop, but only because I told her it was for school...  She wants me to stay in Catholic school for some reason, something about...  better education and school uniforms are good.  I have no idea, I think she's just happy...  //firewalled against Astrid//  Just hope she's going to let Astrid go again...  I think maybe, mom may lock her down or try to at least...  Astrid's a little wild these days, and I don't want her to kill mom with shock...  *shrugs*  I hope everything goes smoothly...  //end firewall//  Well, I gotta go, the little snack peanuts and sodas are here!
0	Yeah, I haven't been posting lately, even though I said I was going to.  Maybe this time I'll actually keep posting.  Anyway, for those who actually still read this thing, I've been feeling lousy lately.  Can't really keep myself exactly level right now.  I'll be really happy for a few days, then all of a sudden get really down.  Nikki thinks that I might be bipolar, and while this isn't exactly the first time I've heard it, it's the first time I've actually considered the possibility.  I'm going to see if the school has someone I could talk to about that.  Wish me luck, guys.  Hopefully I'll be a sane person yet.
1	...That SUCK:  - Stocktake till 11:15pm - Working on your birthday - Having to wait 2 whole days till payday  ...That RULE:  - HAVING YOUR BEST FRIEND BACK FROM ENGLAND FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY :D :D :D :D   PS HAPPY B'DAY TO ME :D PPS B'DAY DRINKS WED NIGHT - MSG ME FOR DETAILS :D :D
1	Roses are red Roses are red  Roses are red  Good Enough  do the chickens have large talons  I LOVE YOU BRIAN CLAY. youre the world to me ill never stop loving you
1	  I CAN GO TO DAVIS!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... so excited....... =D     so today sucked... 2 hours each of Econ, Humanities, and trig tomorrow will rock.... Auto and band.  I get out at 12:40 and am coming straight home to get the hotrod and drive it to Alpine to get the brakes and carborator adjusted. Need to find someone to take me home..but hey.. i get ta drive the hotrod ALONE! OW!! =)     My prom dress is up to $40...ends tomorrow.... bleh..hope it stays semi-cheap!             A flower for Judy FEEL BETTER!!!      "Take a breath to distort the fear in your eyes"  
1	w00t. Nathan officially has the apartment. I'm moving in on April 2nd, and I have to give her a money order for the first months rent and water and a second because I have no credit. But still, that's only like $700. Fucking W00T TO THE MAXXX. Nathan feels really good right now, in spite of being chased out of the towers with my pants around my ankles. At least I already packed. But still. I feel very much like celebrating. I know! NAKED TIME! *shoof*
1	Much love to       flintultrasparc   , who has posted more stuff on Ms. U.K. LeGuin  The title? "Chlorine Spill in EarthSea" Hee.   http://www.livejournal.com/users/flintu ltrasparc/1206.html   And he shall be posting on China Mieville next.  Flint is love :).
1	I would like to introduce the newest member to our little family....            He doesnt have a name yet. Carmen picked out John Paul.. I think its cute and we might go with that.  Hes a pug/boston terrior and only 6 weeks old.And hes alittle more than 3lbs. Kiddie went with me yesterday to get him and then we went and bought a bunch of stuff from petsmart. All he does is sleep. He wakes up and goes nuts and bites and jumps and runs like crazy for about ten minutes than falls back asleep for an hour er so. He slept all through the night last night. that was nice, but we got up at 630 to go potty and slide across the kitchen floor.  Today im gonna try out his new sweet leash and colar and let him play in the backyard.  Gia's pretty pissed. Shes growls alot and its funny. I just hope they start to get better.   I LOVE  HIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM MMMMm
0	It seems kinda sad to start this whole thing off with a down look at life, but I'm afraid that's really how I'm feeling. I'm wondering why life has this habit of being cruel to you when you least need it, maybe it's God's way of showing you that he's there no matter what you are going through. I hope it's that, and I'm glad he's here with me, because otherwise I wouldn't be :(
0	So, what happened lately? Hmm. I went back to the oral surgeon because my mouth still hurt like hell, and apparently I had two 'dry sockets', so they packed them with cloves... stuff.  Yep, cloves... the herb. I'm not sure whether they're actual clove leaves or just gauze treated with them... I know absolutely nothing about them. What I do know is that now my mouth tastes like cloves twenty-four hours a day. And I have to go back tomorrow to get them replaced, and again the next day, and the next day, and again until sometime next week. Oh, and Megan seems to not be speaking to me ever since I expressed my views on Creationism. I think she is, anyway... I'm not totally sure because I haven't yet spoken to her about it.
0	it occurred to me as I was slathering somebody's superbowl leftovers on an oversized tortilla chip that there are children in this country raised completely without 7-layer dip; children who probably think it was invented and perfected by Taco Bell  thats so sad...
1	OMG I AM SOOOO EXCITED TARA IS COMING HOME I MISSED HER SOOOO MUCH AND I CANT WAIT TO SEE HER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
1	OMG TAREE TOMORROW!!!  PARTY ON THE BUS!!!  IT'S GONNA BE ONE MASSIVE ZOOTIE PARTY!!!  ROWING SEASON'S NEARLY ENDED...:(  I'M GONNA MISS EVERYTHING ABOUT IT!!! EXCEPT FOR ERGS!!! hehe...  CAN'T WAIT TIL TOMORROW!!! SO EXCITED!!!  nothing quite compares to rowing...  - love bec xoxo
0	ok, well the school is now going to block live journal. this makes me mad, what am i going to do in 3rd block now? that is all i do when i don't have to work. :0( i want to cry. so, youth is tonight. i hope it is fun. i don't have any money :0( i feel poor.ok so i don't know what to say so i will talk to you all later bye much love!      What do people really think about you?  by Raven319      Name           Age           favorite song           Parents think    You&#39;re lazy      Strangers think    You&#39;re hot      Friends think    You smell really bad               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	these would b the pics from today            see the rest here    laterz...
0	the one song i wanted, the one song thati have been craving since god knows when...  is not one of the 30+ songs on the sound track that comes with the game.  man i am so disappointed.     winde, melancholy
0	i dont know i just feel depressed today u made my day so much better sweetie... i cant wait to see u tomorow and maybe we can actually watch Guts leave Band of The Hawk this time.... nah kidding that was my fualt 0.0
1	      You scored as  Sirius Black . You are a gifted wizard and very loyal to your allegiance.  Whilst you have a big heart and care very much about those around you, you can be a little arrogant and reckless at times.       Harry Potter             85%       Sirius Black             85%       Remus Lupin             80%       Ginny Weasley             75%       Hermione Granger             70%       Ron Weasley             70%       Draco Malfoy             70%       Albus Dumbledore             65%       Severus Snape             50%       Lord Voldemort             25%        Your Harry Potter Alter Ego Is...?   created with  QuizFarm.com                        dude that's cool!
0	  If I stopped talking to you,      Would you cry,      If I cut my throat,      Would you die,      I love you,      I messed up,      I cant take it back,      Im truly sorry,      I didnt mean anything,      But dump me,      I dont deserve a girl like you.  
1	omg sooo happy l.j. is working again i am like sooooooooo obsessed w/ it oh well my life sucks . nothing really new except i am getting a PUPPY ya !!!! Puppy Puppy Puppy !!!! he is sooooooooooooooooo cute he is a black and white pom!!!!!!!!! he is comming in March oh ya yae yae yae
1	Would you.. ( ) buy me a drink if I didn't have money? ( ) take me home for the night? ( ) let me sleep in your bed? ( ) sing car karaoke with me? ( ) sit in the doctors office with me because I didn't want to go alone? ( ) come and pick me up at 3 am because my car ran out of gas in the middle of nowhere? ( ) go out with me? ( ) give me your number? ( ) let me kiss you? ( ) have sex with me? ( ) watch a movie with me... even one u dont want to see at all? ( ) let me take you out to dinner? ( ) drive me somewhere/anywhere? ( ) take a shower with me? ( ) be my gf/bf? ( ) have a fling with me? ( ) listen to me if I called you, crying, even if you were out with all of your friends? ( ) re-post this for me to answer your questions?
1	 The Paradise in Boston 4/7    The Call in Providence 4/8   Wonderful shows, both of them.
0	the story is, guys,  i'm way sensitive and you all just need to learn to read my mind and say exactly what it is that will make me feel better, instead of not.  k?     some of you have done a ok job of this in recent days, though i suspect it must have been at least partially accidental.  nonetheless, i thank you.  p.s. since i don't comPLETELY expect the world of your mindreading abilities, i'll tip you off that responding to this with an inane "i can't read your mind but i hope you feel better!" type comment will NOT make me feel better.  it will annoy me.  so... deal.
1	"Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got."  —Janis Joplin
0	All right, we need to state something for the record.  The Powers and the Elders are on the same network, but have different duties.   This?   Not our idea.    We are responsible for the fabulous perm, however.  Just our way of saying, "Sorry!" 
1	OMG!...I was everywhere today!!!!!!!!So tired!I went to 2 malls and to my ex's sister job!I luv my shae!She'll always be my sis w/ out the in -law part!LOL...Came home to play w/ my babii...(godbrother)Then came 2 the computeR!LOL....I wish you all Happy Holidays!!!I will be on less as possible cuz imma be busy!YAYYYYYYYY the tournament comin' up!(My Jae(hot chocolate w ERIK!),Nikki(nikole)Let's keep building!(no temptations!) and ME gettin' ready 4 dem' boyz!)LOL  Love you all!!!!!Smooches!  Jazzy I luv you!Things will be perfect once my bundle of joy comes out!!  I LUV YOU ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!Happy HOLIDAYS!  MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE!!
1	  I'm off to Indiana in six and a half hours. It's going to be such a blast. Sammi - don't be nervous or shy. I'm nothing special. *mwa*   Thursday August 26th, 2004   Faded Promises  w/ The Lyndsay Diaries, Long Since Forgotten, & others! @ The Skate Shack in North Vernon, IN  I'll be home Friday evening.  September will be write new songs and jam with a drummer, hopefully. For real this time. Show at swayzes will at least be a two piece, if not a three. :)   --------------------  The show last night was fun. I saw Houston Calls. Jarrett, Chitty, and Okie. Wow, it's been 7 years and those guys are still just as awesome as when I first met them. foreverDOWN - Casey was an awesome kid and I love his music more now. Hellogoodbye are hilarious guys and Action Action got what they deserve from the rest of the touring bands! haha. ;)  --------------------  Time to finish Faded Promises buttons and hopefully tshirts. &lt;3  
1	  Alright, Mr. Chris here is my attempt at EXICTMENT!!!!         Broken Computer = Sad Sarah :(      Computer from Costco w/ a 'if anything goes wrong we will take it back for 5 yrs' deal      Deal discontinued after the computer was purchased      Daddy Salinger, did some serious arguing w/ Costco....      Then they returned the WHOLE computer and Daddy Salingers computer      Costco gave the cash price that we paid for them 3 yrs ago back to      Daddy Salinger was carrying some SERIOUS bling, bling!      Went to CompUSA and purchased a brand new.... LAPTOP!!      Got all sorts of goodies for it, and didn't have to pay a penny outa pocket       Moral of the story:      I have the BEST Daddy ever, Costco is the love of my life and now..... I can have my away messages and actuall internet access again. The END :)  
1	I hate  it when people make assumptions about me, it really gets on my nerves. And to make assumptions based on two minute phone call? you're a moron.  In other news, will there isn't any other than i'm actually happy ,yep i may even smile at some point!
0	friday me and karen and nathan went to the mall. we met josh s. josh d. and robert there. (which i agree with jojo, he did get a  sex change) and of course we saw johnny tsunami and his friend and marissa and  jamie went too.bad night for me and marissa.the circus was there, we are terrified of clowns.STUPID KAREN and them sent one or two to talk to us! and josh d cut his hand, karen... and then emo time for a while,long while. STUPID ALI started a food fight at camp! pink slime and ramon noodles were everywhere. that sucked ass.oh and i tripped over a  steamer vaccum cleaner.oops. hahahah!yum,cappicinos and trail mix at 12 am!my job for eternaty,trail mixer.im getting more hair dye this week!muhahahah!ahh!
1	what do they have in common? nothing at all. but i'm about to go see the matrix ( got 8pm tickets ) and i just finished my cornerstone review. you can check it out at  http://www.webxdesign.org/cornerstone_re view.html  let me know what you think. stephanie, if you see this, please email me or something. i'll be home around 11ish or so. be blessed.  -----  :  mexnix.org   :  lj.com: mexnix  -----
1	YIPPIE!  I just completed my first day at Video Wiz!  It was pretty cool.  I dusted a lot of shelves and all that dust made my bugers turn black.  Now I have to study for my Internet Protocols Exam that is tomorrow.  Oops, It's actually a little later today. Grrrrrrrrrr, Bad!
1	*goes to have a looksie round the  anime detour website *   *realizes there are slightly less than three weeks left*      *does a little happy freakout* *giggle  wee-heee!!!*
1	Apparently, a well-documented book called  Encyclopedia of Hoaxes  by Gordon Stein contains an entry about the Archko Volume.  If this really is so, it will be nice to finally have my hands on a document with  bibliographical  references.  Hopefully I can get an inter-library loan from Toronto Public Library, but I don't know if the UW library does that kind of thing.  Going to check it out tomorrow morning.  I'm excited.
1	today went by so fast...maybe b/c i wasnt at 2nd?? the beach this morning was amazing and having time to myself was just what i needed. but there were way too many cops...one right behind me on the way there and back it was intense! and going 60 on the canyon with all of the windows down and blasting my music was just amazing!!and i can't believe that in 3 hours i will be on my way to the airport and then soon after that i will be on my way to new york!!  visiting the fam is always exciting but going shopping in NY is even better!! i will miss everyone soo much! see you on tuesday byeeee... *morgan* p.s. you can call my cell anyyy time p.s.s. to the "girls"- try not to party too hard w/out me!! haha just kiddinggg,  i want phone calls about EVERYTHING :0( i'll miss you guys &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 
0	dragging the blade across my skin pressing harder harder the steel feels better the deeper it goes the crimson blood in stark contrast to my ivory skin droplets leave tiny streams down my arms hitting the floor drop by drop a red puddle forming at my feet staining the carpet will that be the biggest concern the carpet or my life the steel blade feels warm my fingers like ice my body is numb there is no more feeling in my soul the blade still cuts the blood still runs my veins emptying my eyes are blank and lifeless
1	This is going to be my last entry until sometime next weekend.  I'm leaving tomorrow for my cruise! :D. Woot.  I'm going to miss everyone SO terribly bad! :(.  But don't worry, I will come home safe.. and with a TAN! Heh. Finally my pale ass can get some vitamin D man.  Well, I have to go shower and get some sleep.. Awe.. it's my last day sleeping in my bed!  Oh, well(?)  Later everyone! I'm GOING TO MISS YOU ALL!  GIVE ME A SHOUT IF YOU WILL MISS ME TOO! :(!  ;).
1	Julia's sister Joy had her baby today! It's a girl, Skylar Elizabeth, and I'm really excited. It's the first one of her sisters' kids that I haven't been there when it was born, but hopefully I will get to see it soon!   Tonight is Elaine's pinning and i am SOOOO excited for her. I hope it's a really nice and classy evening because i want it to be perfect for her (as that is what she deserves, lets be honest). I have to work unforntunately until 9:30, but I'm hoping that i will maybe make it just in time to hop on the bus. Hopefully. If not, I'll be driving. Holla!  Only an hour left of work, then I have to go back and do some HW before going to Bloomies. Woot woot!
0	The day is gorgeous, I'm rockn' the long skirt, I have papers to write that aren't that hard, just long, work got out at 10:30 last night ( I kid you not),we got calzones, I went running, don't have to go to grammar, don't have to go to Brit lit tomorrow, took a bath, have Alex helping me save only class I really need to take, I'm going to see Sin City on Friday, I slept 8 hours. There is no reason to be sad. Not a damn one.   Are you just my seventh seal?  I was never faithful and I was never one to trust. Gravity no escaping gravity.
1	So, uni began today.  I have an awesome timetable this session.   Mon:  Class 9-1  Tues:  Class 9-11  Wed:  Free  Thurs:  Class 9-1  Fri:  Class 9-11  I have to fit in work and my internship somewhere, but that will be easy. I *love* that I have morning classes, it will force me to get up. I always feel fine once I'm up, it's just getting there...  I would prevously have had 11-1 and 2-4 on Mondays and Thursdays, but I changed my 2-4 class to a 9-11. Which was miraculously easy. I walked up to the faculty office, and said,  'I know this is a long shot, but is there any chance I could change from class xxxx to class xxxx for subject blah?'  And she said, 'There's one spot left. I'll put you in.'  And that was it.  In my  six years  of university, I have never had such a mind-boggling easy timetabling experience. All my timetable karma (ie, taking crappy classes because I lived on or near campus) has finally paid off.
1	   Attention All Students!       Tomarrow at Bishop Diego will be a wonderful  basketball game against Carp , please come and  support the girls basketball  team! It starts at 7 o'clock and sit in the student section and  make the most noise you possibly can , especially when carp shoots free throws! If you don't come to any games but one, please come to this one!       &nbsp;        THANK YOU!         see you all there!       &nbsp; 
1	Today, because it had snowed for a few days straight, Molly decided to cancel classes for the day and go skiing instead!
0	Well I am to tired to write but you already now about my life. Peace.
0	"Woman Loses Dad and Husband in Iraq War"  http://cnn.aimtoday.cnn.com/news/st ory.jsp?idq=/ff/story/0001%2F20050201%2F 0500776000.htm&sc=1110&photoid=20041220_XBL103   This war needs to be put to a freakin' end.  Jeez.
1	wow wat a day first i took christian home and then i went to my aunts house for lunch. oh yea also my little 2 year old cousin was crying (its a girl) because she wanted to do that little tea party game didnt use real tea and nobody would play so i did and the funny thing was i would say ok drink the tea and she would just star at me like i was dumb then i got her to finaly drink it by using a phrase that one of my friends uses  and that would be "ready-set-go " lol and i made like sound effects and she thought it was the funniest things then me and my sis drove home and picked up my mom at the airport and today was a good day and i hope evryone elses was good to.
0	I wish depression didn't make me want to eat. This whole election nightmare is making it REALLY HARD to stay on my diet. I just want to go drown my sorrows in some nasty, nasty Taco Bell. It's been taking all of my willpower not to.  But, you know, it's not everyday that one's nation gets fucked for  at least  the next four years. So fuck it, I'm going! I'd rather be crying but since that whole "be a man" shit broke me I'll settle for a Beef Stuft Burrito or two. I'll ride my bike so it'll just be bad and not horrible for my diet.  "I'm afraid of Americans." --David Bowie  He's always ahead of his time isn't he?
1	Leaving for Rosarito in less then 24 hours... omg this is gonna be awesome...   Honestly I'm so excited... and I just can't hide... I'm about to lose control and you know what... I think I like it!  Back the 17th, be prepared for many pictures
0	chocolate & vanilla swirled pudding pops are the best thing to happen to this country in a long time.  in other news, i saw someone from UNH in Providence!  weird!
0	I've determined that my role is to be the single guy who gives dating advice. I find it odd because Even thought I can't date my way out of a paper bag, people still look to me for advice.   Sorry Im just frustrated and I had to get that out. Am I that bad of a person to stay single? :(
0	well seeing as how disappointment is apart of everything about me, it would make sense that even the football team i root for loses.
0	Woke up at 4:15 because my alarm didn't go off at 3:45 as expected. Thank goodness I had early morning indigestion or I would have slept right through the USA vs. Germany game. Unfortunately Germany won, but it was a good game and the boys in blue had there chances.   General thoughts:  The yellow card on Claudio Reyna during the direct kick was weak.   The number of yellow cards the U.S. received seemed way out of proportion with how they were playing.   Mathis really didn't do much to impress me when he came in.   I would have liked to have seen more of DaMarcus Beasley and less of Mr. Mohawk (see above)   As poorly as Agoos played in the first three games it's too bad we didn't have a young player in his spot gaining experience for the future.   I have a feeling this World Cup is Brazil's to lose now (maybe it always was).   I expect Spain or Korea will be their opponent   
0	"For over a decade, Blink-182 has toured, recorded and done non-stop promotion all while trying to balance relationships with family and friends.  To that end, the band has decided to go on an indefinite hiatus to spend some time enjoying the fruits of their labors with their loved ones. While there is no set plan for the band to begin working together again, no one knows what tomorrow may bring."  http://www.blink182.com/home.asp      ok... so it sounds like there is still hope of getting back together, but still... it sucks.  shut up, swallow your pride and admit it that it sucks.
0	I'm sitting here crying quietly without reason. I don't want my folks to question me. They didn't do anything wrong; I'm just PMSing or just on an emotional rollercoaster I shouldn't be on. I think I wanted to be alone all day, which I sorta got. But now I'm paying the price because now I wanna hang out with people and I basically ignored all the phone calls to me. They're either outta reach or I'm just shy/scared to reach out to my friends. Why is this? Maybe I'm denying myself, just sitting here and won't do anything about it. I'm not really asking for people to bow down to me or anything, I just don't know why I'm feeling this way.   It's like, do I wanna do this or do I wanna do that? The answer is, I don't know. Just mixed up is all I am, and have been since last night. Wanted to cry last night, but I slept instead. Didn't want to go out today or do anything or be with anyone. Just alone. Now the price will be paid.
1	my mom just called me "butch" like it was a regular accurance... cool  i love staying in sick, missing things i dont care about like school, and stupid people, and spending my days in the sun with a tapioca drink listening to iron and wine  ahhh times are good
1	I would like to thank everybody for coming Friday and thereby making our birthdays quite memorable! I had a blast. :) Please refer to       sydneydawn   's post for pictures!   http://www.livejournal.com/users/sydney dawn/49593.html 
1	     Click on the pic to be directed to the Final Fantasy VII:AC site.  There, click on "Trailers" and you will be taken to a place where you can view the third and fourth trailers for FFVII:AC.  Both are very kick-butt and many FF fans will drool over the very last scene in the fourth trailer.  Enjoy and stay cool.  :-D
1	It's finally here. Though it's still smothered in little foam packing peanuts, it's here right now, in the box, on my bed. In a matter of moments, I will witness the death of the Werewolf universe. Fare thee well, oh beloved game of epic tribal werewolf horror. From the moment I first laid eyes upon you in that shopping mall book store, I was in love with your furry raging goodness. You will be missed.  Tonight I'll play Mozart's Requiem, for I can think of no more greater death march for this great game that doesn't require wolves and tribal drumming, of which I have none.
0	The plan was to have a big afternoon and evening out but I'm stuck in Journalism for now and have just got a really bad grade in PA for my exam and I don't know why.  Dan is off with his ex tonight but I'm hoping Jonnie will make an appearence so that will be good.  Loan is in so I am now well over 12thousand pounds in debt. Woo!  But on the plus side I'm now only 300 quid into my overdraft.
0	    i watched big fish for the second time ever... i saw it once and thought it sucked... i watched it tonight and cried. fuck you tim burton for making things so beautiful.  i got another job... workin at a porn store like 2 spaces down from my work. hahahahahaha PORN!  I.MISS.MY.GIRLFRIEND.SOOOOOOOO.MUCH.
0	the japanese people left. it was soooooo sad. but i can still e-mail them and stuff... and it won't feel as bad later. but everyone was crying so I couldn't help it. they also said they would call us. but I miss them a lot already. ='(
1	Last night had to go to the Kingwood game of course to preform. we won, 2 games in a row thats impressive since our football team sucks. The bus ride home was fun, we sang along to songs and danced around. Company B Bees! wooo! I was so tired last night though, woke up this morning at like 6:20, had to go to the Bearkat Bash 5k run. It was pretty fun though, me,katie, and courtney got 235 waves from passing cars. hahaha. Couldnt fall back asleep when i got home though so ive been reading and listening to music. Its only 12:25 and ive been up forever it seems. probably going to Katie's tonight or something along those lines. ciao.
0	god this hurts.       if love is surrender then whose war is it anyway?
1	Awww yeah.  Awwww no.  Hell yeah.  What?  Stop reading journals and say it with me...  Fuck yeah.     No reason.  -Randall
1	Man, i am happy. Finally a girl i like and i actually get to be with her. woohoo! At least i hope i get to. She is so beautiful, and sexy...did i mention sexy? We hung out the past two days, hope she had fun with an asshole like me. Going to Ohio this weekend, should be fun. Lets see...chilli , pizza, ice cream, smokes...yea should be fun. Although i wouldnt mind getting to see Alex but ill see her next week and all, plus ive never been to ohio and its me and my brother going so i know its going to be fun. later
1	just when i thought things couldn't get any better...   they did.
0	Your Linguistic Profile:  55% General American English  30% Dixie  10% Upper Midwestern  5% Midwestern  0% Yankee    Kate I did this for you and I don't know if this is good or bad.  Also I am disappointed but not to the ponit of crying like my little alien friend.  I just really studie for my CHEM 101 exam and I think I didn't do as good as I wanted to.   Meeting with advisor later, so I can get my schedule done and I want to get this scheduling over with.    I hope my teacher doesn't lecture the entire class. Actuallu wish she wouldn't show up and let us out early.    FOR RECORD: I am not in a  bad mood I am mainly tired.
1	Soo..my weekend was very intersting. I still feel so bad on doing it, because of the promise I told fire and Co. but I had my first drink with Sedy on the weekend since she was leaving. Some stuff called Sour Puss. It basically taste like Rasberries with a kick to it. I can't wait to see ya fire *Snug*  And Im offically a DORK. And everyone loves me for it. ^____^ I love you guys for Im Hida the Super DORK! Which rhymes with Fork. I like to eat a lot.  And one last happy thing which is a AC topic, my Passport application is in and got accepted as well as I paid Tannyk for the plane ticket. Now all I have to do is patiently wait for July to get here so I can go to AC! *Bounces*
1	i just talked to erik and he helped me a lot.THANX ERIK! you rock and i love you josh! anyone who trys to hurt me.....fine go ahead and do your best but u know what? i am going to get back up. this will be on account of josh and erik always being there for me and same for the rest of my friends so screw you hurtful ppl. my fallback guys r the best. i luv em to death and i wuv all my friends.   love, brooke
0	i absolutely cannot grasp the fact that my mom is leaving.   i cant believe i wont be able to just call her any time, or drive 15 minutes to the house to see my family.   i cant believe the house i grew up in is being sold, i mean, i dont live there anymore but its the most sad feeling i can remember. everything ive ever known has been here. every tiny step of growing up has happened here. i dont quite know how to handle this all yet.  when the time comes, things are realy going to get messy...until then, ill soak in every breath i take and memorize every feeling like it was the first.  im going to fall apart.
1	Just got my new livejournal set up. Jeremy, your God! So, anyways, im leaving in june to move down to New Orleans. Im so happy, but i know that its gonna break my heart to leave all my friends...Rach,Devon,Joel,Sarah,MIchele,P oofy Jess, Spikey Jess,Jeremy,chris,Matt,Rich,Dave and Dave miller....i love you all. I would have to say that this weekend was the best..Mud wrestling with the girls is always a blast. Matt, thanks for helping with the dreads...heheh...alright, bye y'all.
1	It's my BIRTHDAY!  I'm officially 22.  Hip Hip Hooray!  It's always a tradition for me to put the vandals birthday song on repeat and dance around the house. Havnt done that yet and I think its time...  So what'd ya get me?
0	Well I am in pain.  My mouth hurts so much at night that I cant sleep, this depresses me. Because I can't sleep I keep Darya awake, this angers her. Darya get mad at me for keeping her awake, this depresses me. I can't understand why Darya gets so mad at me so often, this angers her. When she's not here I miss her greatly, this depresses me. But when she gets back it is only a few minutes before she finds something to yell at me for, which depresses me. I then tend to avoid her so that her anger is not taken out on me, which angers her and depresses me. I feel like no one actually cares enough to find out my state of well being (or lack there of), this depresses me.  I feel so alone.
1	My favorite fucking band in the whole world has just created a new masterpiece and the whole fucking world needs to hear it. so go to www.purevolume.com/betweentheburiedandme and LISTEN TO IT!!!!!!!
0	Sometimes I question why I act the way I do. and why I usually hold back. But then it always reaffirms itself in the end. I seem to only be listening to my gut now. Solves some problems, but creates others.
1	I know my last entry was harsh, or whatever.  But I have worked through it and I am fine again, and this will never happen again.  I have came to the realization that I can't change peoples minds, because people are going to do what they think is right, and hey it may be, only time will tell.  So to all who read this, maybe 2 or 3 people, just wanted you to know that I am fine now.
1	Mum says that i've been good so i can go to your party James!!!    (if i'm invited that is. i know i'm not really funny or anything and i don't have any special talents but it would be nice if i could go. get out of the house and such you know? but do i need a date? i don't have a date! how can i find a date?!) 
1	I am a happy child, i am a perfectly happy child. It's the second evening i am spending with my dad and my brother. And they are going to stay in Moscow till Friday evening. Exept for two days in June i haven't seen them since February. I missed them. I said them good bye in the morning, when i went to work and now i am with them again. That's what makes me happy, feel at home...Since seventeen i've been living on my own and ofcourse it's wonderful to feel loved to have near someone who will take care of me, give the affection i need. I do feel that we are a family. I'll see my mother only in August :(
0	My mother showed me this obituary in the paper. It felt like I'd been hit by a semi. I didn't let anyone see me cry. I just thought they wouldn't understand. I can't imagine what this is doing to Jessica. I don't know what I'll say to her...  Aidan Christopher Wasson  Aidan Christopher Wasson of 443 Walnut St., Meadville, was stillborn Friday, June 11, 2004, at Meadville Medical Center.  Survived by mother Jessica Wasson.  There are no calling hours.  The funeral will be Wednesday at 1 p.m. in the chapel of St. Peter Cemetery, Conneautville, with the Rev. John A. Walsh of St. Peter Roman Catholic Church of Conneautville officiating.  Burial will be in St. Peter Cemetery, Conneautville.  In lieu of flowers, the family suggests memorials be made to Empty Arms, in care of Meadville Medical Center, Liberty Street, Meadville, Pa. 16335.  Arrangements are under the direction of Byham-Miller-Mizner Funeral Home Inc., 404 Chestnut St., Meadville.
1	Is my Selphie actually going to come on holiday with me? More later...
1	If you read this, even if I don't speak to you often, you must post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad, just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you...  (this even counts for those who I know read this, even though you think I don't and wouldn't want me to know)
1	Will be in the U.S. until the 15th of Feb. Updates will probably be even more sporadic than usual. Some of you I will see and/or speak to there.        graye   , I didn't get your CD done. Sorry. My time has been spent either at work or at the doctors'/hospital, chasing up my 4th ear problem of the month. One day, my fiend, one day.
0	A good sign I have too much time on my hands at night is.................. I read random LJ's for over and hour and a half. It made me think that its going to be wierd not having a "valentine" this year. Oh well     Any takers on being Steve's Valentine this year?
1	Woah! I woke up at around 1:20. My sister woke me up because Jude, our band's guitarist,called.... I was supposed to be at Camille's house at 1pm. But then I slept at 5am and I woke up late... coolness, haven't done that for a while.... Just wanna say that the whole practice was awesome, have another practice tomorrow, coolness....
0	theres a girl that i like, but i think am too late, i helped her when she split up wit her long term boyfriend i've always felt close to her but never got the chance to do anything about it, wot do i do
1	    Please click here to complete yout patriot rgistration.   exta funny shit:  http://www.dubyaspeak.com 
1	Two people can't make it this coming Thursday, so we're cancelling again.  To avoid waiting a whole week again, here are alternative options for this next session (Book XVIII).   Please  check all the dates that are possible for you, as soon as you see this, so we can set a new date on time.  Thanks, and sorry.    View Poll: Day for Next Session  
1	I am pretty excited for prom tomorrow!  I have everything I need... orange converse, pink fishnets, silk jacket, glitter hairspray... I am definitely going to be really bright... haha.  I am not worried about being tacky though, my outfit just fits together and is really quirky and it works for me!  JaNae, Tisha and Andrea came over for a while and we just hung out... I think everyone was a little bored but it was nice to relax.  I'm going to clean up my room, do some math homework and then go to sleep.  Fortunately the boys are picking us up a little later than originally planned, so I can get enough sleep and do relaxing yoga and read the scriptures and all those little preperatory things I really like to do.  Hopefully everything goes smoothly and it will be a great night!
1	I have to give my parents credit. Today was their 39th wedding anniversary. I can't imagine being that old, and with someone that long.   Pretty neato
1	Since there are only three entries for the current challenge, I am extending the date until next Friday, December 31st!  I will be posting the winners from the past challenge VERY soon.  I'm sorry again that I've been so lax on that.  I thought I would have plenty of downtime this holiday, but I've actually been much busier than I thought!  Anyhow, Happy Holidays to Everyone!  Hope to see some more icons soon!
1	I am off to Erotica Manchester!!!  But only for one day...Saturday...  But still I am gald to be going!!
0	TO:   Special   Projects   Division  FROM:  Senior Partners  RE:   Charles Gunn   Please abandon any and all efforts to recruit Mr. Gunn into our confidence immediately.  Also, please make sure all operatives involved with said efforts in Mexico are returned to Los Angeles and given the best medical care.  A meeting will be scheduled later this week to discuss the recent activities of  Angel   and   his   other   associates .  Please try not to antagonize the vampire until then.  -- Senior Partners
0	The first week of school stink. I have so much homework to do that I hardly have any time left for myself. My real life friends is busy preparing their project and I have no one to talk to. Guess I just spend my free time writing drabbles.  I don't know what wrong with me. It's my last year in middles school, I should be happy, but I'm not. No one tell me growing up would be so hard. I decide with a few of my friend to go the same high school, while the rest of my other friends will go to different high school. It so depressing.  I wish I can start middles school over again. Back then I never had to think about my future or responsibility. But wish will never come true. *sigh*
0	*walks around restlessly*  *moves further and further out of Tirion*  *feels numb*
0	In the post today, I received a packet of fabric shreds.  Perhaps they were meant to make me sprout striped cotton/polyester blend wings?  Nothing came of it, and I have disposed of them.  Most puzzling.
1	Went out last night and going out tonight.  No doubt be out tomorrow.  Going to have a quite day Sunday :).  I've got a friend coming to visit for the weekend which should be fun: this if he can navigate his way through London and find where I live :).
1	Hey peoples. Well, I leave for Tennessee tomorrow. I got Frosh Camp for UM somewhere in the middle of Tennessee. I think it's Pleasantville. Anyway, I got to get all packed and stuff for that. I come home Thursday and then I move in next Wednesday cause I'm in the band. That'll be interesting. Anyway, that's all I can think of now. I'll post more later. Maybe.
0	hey i met jim over the summer at his boat...he was a great guy and i miss him alot...its tearing me apart to see him go like this...
1	       You scored as  Middle Class . You're content in your position and would prefer a house or a family than a seven figure pay cheque. But you have your moments of weakness when you buy a lottery ticket in the hope of knowing how the rich and famous live.       Middle Class             79%       Upper middle Class             71%       alternative             50%       Luxurious Upper Class             46%       Lower Class             38%        What Social Status are you?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	Well this is good.Not only did I hound those people at the site, but I made progress when I did it!I told them that the page of my order hasnt been updated since Friday making me assume that the order wasnt shipped.I just received the email back stating "the shipment was sent".Also they told me that it takes upto 2 buisness days before sending.OK.I'm cool with that.I thought they received it Friday, and I dont know if they consider Saturday a buisness day, but either way the items are on their way!Although, that could mean just today they are on their way because the page was just updated Tonight, but the email stating it was sent was sent to me Friday!Either way, I guess I'll have the package by Friday!
1	Yo-yo, check it out! TAPP page is already updated with pics from the show! Wooo!  Read all about it here:  http://fp.uni.edu/tapp/expo_2005.ht m  (good info, too!)  P.S. The girl in the shadowbox in Wearable Art is Rainbow Brite ^^  and if you're just in it for the pics, here's:  Rainbow Brite:  http://fp.uni.edu/tapp/images/DSCN1 440.JPG   Umbrella Loli:  http://fp.uni.edu/tapp/images/DSCN1 448.JPG   and Chocolat:  http://fp.uni.edu/tapp/images/DSCN1 476.JPG   Nothing of me though, but oh well!   Yyyyyyyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy yyyyyyyyy!!!
1	Today I am participating in  Urban Challenge  in Philadelphia.  It's a game with two person teams running around solving clues and trying to be the first to cross the finish line with photos of you and your partner in front of each of the twelve locations we have to travel to.  It's a lot like  Death Race , which I had done over a dozen times in the past decade.   My partner is Ray, the best member of  The Champions , the winningest team in DR history.  My ground support is Eric, the guy who invented it.  How can we lose?!  The top ten teams with the best finishing time get invited to the finals in Miami, Fl to compete for $50,000.  However, only the winner is awarded airfare and accommodations.  I can't make it if we place second through tenth, but maybe next year I will go regardless.
0	Man, job hunting was a total 100% drag. Barely anywhere is hiring....I was so desperate I went to an employment agency. Now that's sad....  So I'm drowning my sorrow in Diet Dr. Pepper and Girl Scout cookies.  I called like 5 funeral homes in Henderson and only 1 of them actually answered the phone. Pretty sad....So the owner of the one that actually answered is supposed to give me a call sometime this afternoon. I'm patiently awating that call...  I got another clock in that mail...and some CDs. I have to go to the Post Office tomorrow and mail 3 or 4 packages...I was supposed to go today, but I was too damn busy....  Oliver WILL NOT stop crying!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Christmas was a really good time. I've managed to establish a few contacts for film and theatre, and I'm currently keeping the best secret I've ever had to keep.
1	I want to get stickers made up for the band/guard, it's only $25 dollars for 100 stickers.  They would be so cute and the kids would love them. I did a preview and it was so awesome.  This is just what some of were wishing we do if it wasn't a lot of money.  It's not a lot of money, so I'm going to definitely talk to the kids at practice to see if they are in for it.
0	gold cost with out the crap..... yep went down to the coast and i had a blast got shit faced can't belive i drove home and made it..... anyway i had so much fun and it was all so cool but i didn't pick up awwwwww but i got a number of a girle that goes to faith that new me from there last night gasp........... shhhheeee was sooooooo shit faced and drunk i think she gave me a fake number and shit lol anyway i'm happy and shit see around and have fun......... hope i'm not playing cricket because i'm shit faced.....
1	Dream offN space: do u have an LJ? Dream offN space: update it u loser  ok... life is good :]... i enjoy it very much here in sb... people should come visit me! um give me some notice before you come though.... okkkkkkshannon'shotweow.
0	I've decided tonight I'm staying alive just kicking & screaming Blood boiling & steaming There are things far too dark to comprehend Sleep on it one more night my sad old friend  Doo do Doo do Doo do Doo do  The worst is over.
0	Have we as a society so completely and totally run out of creativity and inventiveness, that   this  is now what's passing as clever and cute?  Shoot me now.  :(
1	ok.. i haven't updated in awhile.  I always attempt to but realize i don't have anything interesting to say.  First Semester is OVER and i survived. I didn't do too well but i didn't do bad either.  I got 2 B's and 2 C's which, i think, is pretty good for first semester, considering i didn't do too much.  So winter break is here and it was pretty hard to leave my home at Umass Lowell. It's only a month but i'm gonna miss it a lot.  I'm back working at good old Market Basket for the next month.  It took awhile getting use to but i remember why i loved working there so much. It's not bad.   Christmas is pretty much over by now. It was a good Christmas and it was nice to see my family again. I'm still looking foward to seeing my friends.  I got a road test again unfortunatly.. STILL dont know how to drive but it's cool.  On another note... i'm addicted to myspace, like i used to be addicted to this site. Keeps me occupied while I'm at home doing nothing. :)
0	I could  be  somewhere right now. If it weren't for a few 'minor' problems. Huh.
1	ahhh. i love my committee. :]  it's gonna be a good semester. yay!
1	What does Rob Thomas and his wife get when they go into the Starbuck's in the Millena Mall?  A pound of Christmas blend and $50 added to their Starbuck's Card.  He was there, in the mall, his short little self, with his cute little wife.  I want a pound of Christmas blend and a Starbuck's card now.
0	I can't believe I've been gone for almost a month!  I was really sick.  I miss all of my LJ friends. I bet they don't even remember me anymore. :(
1	I just found money.  Well, really it's money I've had that I forgot about but re-found again just now.  The story: A long time ago, when I was but a wee lad, I found a friend.  This friend of mine one day told me that if I was looking for a new hole to live in, he'd help me find it.    "In fact," said he, "If you do move into a new cave that I showed you, I'll give you One Hundred Bucks!"  Being the cynic that I am, I said, "I'll take that bet, though I don't believe for a moment that you will make good on you promise to pay me and even if you do 'Bucks' could mean anything."  So I moved in to my new cave.  When I was but a lad.  And I told my friend that i moved into a cave that he showed me.  Because I did.  The End.  Well, Rent.com did send me a visa card worth $100, and I found the letter cleaning the kitchen tonight.  That's the real end.    Now, I'm leaving to go buy groceries.
0	*sigh*  Looks like Bush has won... How can so many people favour Bush? I think America use first past the post and not something as proportionally representative (yes/no?) I hope so to sustain my own hope. Thank goodness they only allow presidency for two terms, that's something at least.
1	Christmas was pretty good. Had a really big delishus dinner. I got a new broom--A Nimbus 3002.  Never heard of it, but dad says it hasnt even been released yet.  one of the first models or something.  I bet Malfoy got one, too. Bet your all gellous.     I'm a bit bored.  Been throwing big snowballs at the birds in the yard.  they skwak.  its funny.  but then I get cold.  It's getting too close to having to go back to hogwarts.  don't want to.  at least there's still new year.  I'm tired of all the hufflepuffs. they get in the way.  And I don't care about their boyfreinds and girlfreinds.  ugh.  I'm meeting Goyle tomorrow to go skiing.  And maybe we'll meet some girls.  It's right next door to this place the muggles call a...erm...what was it?  Fat Farm, that's it.  For girls.  So we're bringing a big cake and bunch of cookies and we're going to wave it over the fens so they'll come.  if they do then at least we'll have food in common. Ooh I could even get shagged.  The futur is brite.
0	I feel like my constant contemplative state is finally starting to get to me.  All I pretty much want to do is crawl into my bed, listen to some really sad music, and cry myself to sleep.  And I have been doing that, and it's just not working.  Someone told me that it's just that I have a lot on my mind.  What I wanted to tell them was it was true and the things I had on my mind concerned them and that I didn't want to feel the way I felt, that I felt like I was being brushed off, or that they didn't care.  I wanted to let them know that I need them in my life right now cause in two months they won't care.  And sometimes I need a hug.  But it's hard when they don't even say hello.  I hate feeling this way.    I just want things to be better.  But I don't know how to fix them.
0	Apparently UPS won't ship mammals.  That's unfortunate.   -S.D.
1	  Welcome home. You're SO Jersey. You know Wildwood and Seaside are the most disgusting places on earth, and only good for drunken after prom vacations, you know there's always a "short-cut" to someplace. Isn't Jersey great? I mean, where else can you go 80 MPH and STILL be the slowest car on the road?      How JERSEY are you?      brought to you by  Quizilla     I'm from South JERSEY and proud of it!!  gonna go have a homecooked meal!! update later
0	  ok not to be emo or nething,but past week has been really hard,an i dont think ne of yous no how i feel,and i cant really talk to any1bout it, i would usually go to  kimmy  but i dont feel i can anymore! but ive not been showing anything infront of any1=(  so much for been open is better =(       &nbsp;     well anyways, today was okish...kimmy and judy came to mine after skool and dat was quite fun, den a while after dat craig showed up so me and him just talked and talked for ages!!       &nbsp;      BUSTED ARE SPLITTING  (craig told me)    I CRIED!!!!!       &nbsp;     well, tomz shood be alot better...but prob not!!  
0	Let's talk about my life.  Too lazy  1. I got a new computer. it's beautiful  2. I asked max to prom  3. I am excited for that (and i think he is too)  4. CABARET! COME SEE IT!!!!!! (Wednesday at 3:30, thu-sat 8)  I will talk more.
0	my brother broke up with his girlfriend, its sad. they were dating for years!!! and natalie was cool. im excited for prom, it will be kick ass im going to wear the dress that im wearing for my moms wedding, and it was natalies, all i have to do is stuff the top or sew it together a little bit bc im the head of the itty bitty titty commitee. well, ya, kinda. and im getting a kick ass hair cut on thursday, nick loves long hair, but i dont care, i hate long hair. just as long as it goes into a ponytail for when im running. and i havnt found a job yet. it sux. and aarons not coming back home for another year. ass hole, what a fukin jew! i love riding in his kick ass car, i should go back to arizona bc that was the highlight of my life. bc i really missed roger and aaron at the time, and well it was fun, i met a homeless pigeon and everything. i should call natalie but i cant find her phone number
1	 Orientation Schedule      Group 1: CAN'T BUY ME LOVE  Group Leaders: ALLI LOEFFERT, JONAS SHUMPERT, JODI VACCARO        Thurs. 2/17    5:00 - Placement Review, Sight singing placement     Fri. 2/18  8:45 - Mandatory Morning Meeting 9:30 - Artistic Director's Welcome Address 10:30 - Vocal Warmup 11:00-12:15 - Placement-Vocal/Monologue 12:30 - Shopping Excursion (K-Mart/Capezio/etc.) 5:00 - Personal Safety Seminar 6:30 - Meet the Education Department 7:00 - *Evening Activity* TBA - check with group leaders     Sat. 2/19  8:15 - Meet for Dance Placement 9:00-2:00 - Dance Placement 3:30 - Health Seminar 6:30 - *Evening Activity* Spirit Line Cruise (Dinner will be served)     Sun. 2/20  *Morning Free* 1:45 - Fire Safety Seminar 3:00 - "What's About to Happen to Me? (Seminar with gaduate Lizz Furtado) Immediately following - Broadway Show Ticket Distribution and *Distribution of Schedules*      Mon. 2/21  Classes Begin     Fri. 2/25  8:00 -  Dirty Rotten Scoundrels 
1	I promise I'm not trying to make your life harder, or return to where we were  I know I left too much mess and destruction to come back again  And I caused but nothing but trouble  I understand if you can't talk to me again  And if you live by the rules of "it's over," then I'm sure that that makes sense  And when we meet, which I'm sure we will  All that was then...will be there still...I'll let it pass...and hold my tongue  And you will think, that I've moved on....
1	heya guys...  i'm in tampa...more about my first week of actual disaster relief work sometime tomorrow.  :-D
1	One from the       french_saunders    community and the rest made haphazardly with a painter program that I hate and isn't photoshop or open canvas(my trial period expired which explains why i'm lax in getting the rest of the meme's done)        I'm attempting to have a theme of Disney icons(with a Snupin icon here and there to make me happy)....because....well I'm excited that I'm going to Disney AND Anime Expo at the same time =D  I get to ride the Roger Rabbit ride again! And ride the Buzz Lightyear! AND ALICE!!! AND MATTERHORN!! *nerdgasm*
1	Just uploaded my new icons, straight off the presses from       ksaria   .  Thanks so much. They are incredible! Some day I must learn how to do this.
1	I am finally on Vacation and I am so happy. The first thing I did was get drunk with a couple of friends. It felt so good to be able to do that and not have to worry about reprecussions. I love being on vacation... now all I need is a better job so I can actually like the idea of going back to work. Okay I will write more later. Oh and a side note... in 5 days is my birthday. I will be 25!
0	alright... rock on valentines day.  well not really.  pretty crappy day overall.  i did get a valentine from my sister.  so thats always cool.  she always rememers holidays.  although i guess valentines isn't really a holiday.  its meant to show people how much you love them and the people that don't have anyone... well i guess to make them feel bad.  but i guess its not really taht bad.  anyways... moving on.  i think im growing a beard.  its going to look really bad.  im just not a man yet.  maybe someday.  someday.  but i guess i really have nothing to say.  i just feel really crappy today.  last night and today actually.  but the weekend was fun.
1	Hello! I no its bin a while! sorry just havent been that bothered 2write stuff down! I think my illness is comin 2 an end at last!!  Had more words with Twade last nite was were better n got everything out, but not wot he were expecting! lol o well! n 2day i felt like we did sumthing really good 4 Miriam! It must b really hard being her especially with her situation at home and the little party that we threw 2day she seemed sooo grateful and special which was the aim! i think she enjoyed it! I had a laff! awwww bless her! got invited out 4 a drink 2nite with rosie! ooooo! lol she said she invited tom n amy but they havent replied but i dunno wot me dad is doin as its jst me and him 2nite so i said how about we do it 2moro nite so going out then! dunno who's cummin or wot?? well i better b off 4 the moment! tlk 2 ya later! Mark xxx
1	Tomorrow at 10am we leave for Florida Thespian State Conference! I am so freaking excited you have no idea! My bags are all packed and I'm ready to go.......  This trip is going to be so much fun but I'm really going to miss everyone who isn't going...which isn't that many but still....
1	Ladies and gentlemen, I have an announcement to make. Today, the 21st of April, 2002, is a very special day. Nineteen years ago the world embraced one of the raddest chicks to ever come out naked and screaming. Her name is Alyssa. So, I'd just like to take a moment and say  HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALYSSA! I LOVE YOU MUCHLY.  And that is all I have for today folks. But really, who needs much more than that?
1	guten tag everyone! today was good. i am listening to GNR (rock on!!!) haha and talking to 7 people! jesus people im not that cool!
1	 ... he is&nbsp; so perfect! His movie, "The motorcycle Diaries",&nbsp; just came out and I can't wait to see it!     I watched "Mala Educacion", "amores perros" and "Dot the I". He's so lovely and talented and sexy!     I found a magazine today with&nbsp;an &nbsp;interview about MD. Like I said, he's perfect.    No words!           look at him!    many many kisses :-)  
1	Beyond fab' day with Jerbear. So fun it hurts. xD Everything seems really good. Im happy, very happy and hopefully he is too. :) ||/  My chocolate rampage is over, I think. My cookie rampage ended thre days ago. and so Im back to my normal eating self. No urges to eat junk cept' Air heads. :p Speaing of which, I bought every flavor of Airheads Melissa had, and I made this Head Tree or flower or whatever which tasted bomb. It got sticky, which suck and probably the cause of my hyperness in Bio since I normally dont eat sweets and what nots.   Artist of my month or as of right now is Terminal Choice. hawt. &lt;3  anywho, im off. night.
1	New Experience to share!! Getting hit on, through facebook!! who knew?!?!!
1	I get to go see Stars on the 14th!  $10 ticket!  I never use exclamation points!  AHHHHH!
1	This weekend was a long weekend but I got my last speech done and I don't have to do anymore.  YAY!!  Unfortunately since I had to do my speech I had to miss out on going to the movies.  Dawn took the boys to see "The Pacifier" and I was supposed to go wtih them but couldn't.  I guess it was really cute and I still want to see it.  Maybe I'll call Matt and see if he wants to go see it with me.  I have to call him tomorrow and tell him about going to see my boys the 29th.  We actually talked about them when we went to dinner and talked about how Carrie and I were going to see them the first chance we got and here it is 2 weeks later and Carrie and I are going to see them.  I'm so excited.  I can't wait!  I just wish I could hear their new song on the radio at least once before we go to cleveland.  LOL.  But I gotta get going.  It's almost dinner time.  Til my next entry...
0	This guy was damn funny.  Think the stoner in your high school that made you get in trouble for laughing in class.  What a pity...  Check out some of his lines  here  or better yet, pick up  Mitch All Together  and watch the dvd that comes with it.
1	hey what sup ppls...I havent updated in a while...hehe  well this week i didnt do so much* I went to BLinG BLing~ with *iLaNa*, I saw LiL OnE aka Michelle S. and Carli with Christian, Josh and sum other foo's! Its Crazy how 2 gurls like the same guy and mess around wit..KrAZY!! lol well yea it was so much fun @ bling bling U knoe how much& fun I had..  I stayed @ home now for the last 2days..I was going to go but too tired and Lazy! lol well tomorrow i have to to go SAMOHI and go pick up my schedule, and take my id pics aka yearbook pic o and also have to go drop of my obligations in order to get my schedule* Im excited for 3 things which are..1- School* 2- Sixs Flags with Michelle, Valery and Jazz 3- School Shopping! thats da bomb*! Well thats all I have 2 say for right now~! ill update later when I can...  peace*
0	\\beribu bintang di langit kini menghilang meraba aku dalam kelam rambulan mengambang kini makin sulam pudar ilhamku tanpa arah  sedetik wajahmu muncul dalam diam ada kerdipan ada sinar itukah bintang ataupun rambulan terima kasih ku ucapkan  izinkan ku mencuri bayangan wajahmu izinkan ku mencuri khayalan denganmu maafkanlah oh.. andai lagu ini menggangu ruangan hidupmu kau senyumlah oh.. sekadar memori kita di akhirnya ini kau ilhamku..\\
1	Which means that Half-Life 2 is (supposedly)  coming out this month , and not only do I have  a video card that doesn't suck , I also forgot to sell my  coupon  on eBay!  Speaking of which, there doesn't appear to be anything preventing me from putting my vote in the next federal election up for offer. What I'm  not  sure about is whether or not I'm actually evil enough to do so. When the hell did I develop a sense of  morality  ethics?
1	 2 acceptances:  Hopkins and Stony Brook 1 interview-then-rejection:  Einstein 4 we-don't-like-u-at-all:  Stanford, Berkeley, UCSF, and Watson  So......-drumroll-  I'm going to Hopkins!  Assuming I can defer and go to Israel next year.  The email has been sent asking about that. And assuming that I ever finish the Conservative Yeshiva application.  So, that's the news.  
1	i wish  i could just be with him and count the 10,00 layers of  the sky  i wanna have 1 last cry over him... with him.  i realized i loved him when i was laying in bed last night thinking he didnt love me.  *** im too rich to have emotions... ** =D  you aint ghetto if you aint shizzle.   from NIGHT:  "it was not the first time a prophet had foretold to us peace-on-earth, or other false rumors...and often we believed them.  It was an injection of morphine."  "an endless road; letting oneself be be pushed by the mob; letting oneself be dragged along by blind destiny."  ...FADE OUT...  so yeah anywayz howdy y'all!   i dont rly feel like saying much else...  LOVE TO ALL  buh bye, jess
1	Yes, that bakery is evil.  I think they lace the food with crack so we keep craving it until we get another fix. Damn, you know it won't be as good if it isn't vegan...  Well, I got my plane ticket to Michigan last week.  I hope it snows while I'm there. I've only seen snow on the ground, I've never seen it falling.  I'm so excited to see my Ben again. He'll be here the 4-7 of next month.  We're going to make some trouble, maybe go to the wild animal park this time.  I got the two classes I needed to crash, which is a blessing. And vegan streudel, which is a blessing, too.  I called UCSD, and Jenna is in active labor. I'm so excited. Babies are blessings too!!!!  On sad note, I'm moving out today.
1	WOOO my boy Getz is back from Boston!!!  he finally got a job...in Columbus lol.  he called me today and lemmeknow he was gonna be back in GA, and he was comin into town tomorrow for some football and ultimate!  I'm freakin excited as hell that he's gonna be around again.  gonna make the nights at the brrs that much more fun.  dammit that rocks!  off to see the new Team America: World Police.....ought to be a riot!  peace.....woo it's gonna be a good weekend!
0	my grandma is still in the hospital i would much rather be in her position she can't go yet well really she can it is all in her will i hope it's strong i wish i could see her  how do you make someone want to spend time with you and enjoy it i'm trying to hard...... ....and for what  i feel i could relate myself to a glass of water i'm still and soft i'm used to quench the thirst of a dry mouth and then put back down to sit and wait to be used again until there is nothing left but an empty glass refilled and emptied over and over again luagh if you will
0	I am extremely depressed. I feel like a failure in life. I dont really feel like posting about it but anyone that cares knows what has happend. I am just not that smart like everyone else. I will never be anything in life.
1	Hey my names Jessica and I am new here. AT LAST! I have come upon a community for Monty Python! My quest is over! (and there was much rejoycing).....nnNI!  Fave film: Holy Grail Fave sketch: Dead Parrot and (is "How to Use Your Coconuts" a sketch??) Fave Python: Eric Idle or Michael Palin  I loved the Holy Grail muchly and just watched it very recently. So far it is my favorite movie.   "And what do you burn apart from witches?" "....more witches!"
1	i put "cool guy with a car" by wally pleasant on my phone.  the whole song.  on my flippin' phone.    that's so cool.
0	Rhiakath sits in his room, not moving, after a very bad day. He had just recieved word that had ripped out his heart. He discoverd from one of his mortal friends, Peter, that Shari, who he thought was a friend, turned out to be far worse. She was not only playing on his feelings, she had been playing on the feelings of at least five other people. This tore inside Rhiak like firey claws. So to vent this anger, Rhiak went out into the woods, finding dead trees, ripping them to pieces, going to his martial arts dojo, beating the hell out of the equipment. Rhiak had not experienced betrayal of this degree before. By the end of the day, he stopped and sat in his corner, all he could think of then was: What would Artemis do right now? What would she do if she was here right now? And that brought Rhiak some comfort. A light among the darkness.
1	Had a very good weekend. And unexpected gathering of friends on Friday provided good food, good reminders of last year, and amusingness. Saturday's gusting winds allowed us to try out kites and determine which ones are best for our project. A long-planned gathering of friends on Saturday provided more good food, good conversation, candy, and fun anime-watching. Or anime-mocking, to some extent. Sunday during the day was lawn-mowing and Hitchhiker's Guide, which I missed the end of for untitled. Sunday night brought Ladysmith Black Mambazo, which was fabulous, and which I made it to despite having forgotten my ticket - speedy trip home and back to school again. Only thing missing from the whole weekend was a certain freak, who I will  hopefully catch up with tomorrow.
1	(teh HAPPY!!!)   Jimmy has a copy of a Suikoden 2 CD!!! And I can play it coz my game has a mod chip! YAY!!!   I MISSED YOU VIKTOR!!! YOU TOO FLIK!!! I WUB SUIKODEN 2!!!!
0	My choir concert on Thursday was pretty good.  My mom said it was nice and that everyone did good.  I actually went up in front of everyone and read stuff about the 90's.  I didn't make a complete fool of myself like I thought I would.  Last night Sylvi-chan dressed me up in Lolita clothes and took a bunch of pictures.  I was her doll.  They actually look nice for once.  I'm gonna put them on the computer as soon as I figure out how to.  Maybe I'll just have Sylvi do it for me.  Anyway, I look cool.
0	 So, my computer decides to crash every five minutes.&nbsp; And the DAY BEFORE I'M DUE TO HAVE WARCRAFT!&nbsp; But, yknow the saying, 'when there's a will, there's a way'?&nbsp; Yeah, I'm using my other, slower pc, on dial up.&nbsp; SO VERY SLOW compared to DSL, but whatever.&nbsp; Better than no internet for a week, or however long it'll take to fix the broken pieceofshit.    Gah, I'm trying to download AiM... I don't have it here.&nbsp; Taking.&nbsp; Forever.&nbsp; How do people survive with 56k?! 
1	Guess what guys...I finally found a bird. Yay! I'm so excited. I like him a lot, and I think he might be trying to get his holla on. I'm not sure though...Im kinda getting mixed signals, but I think Im going to pursue it anyway. Is there anything wrong with him being younger than me though? He doesn't act like it...He's really mature. He doesn't look like it either. Oh well...Ill figure it out.  Got in yet another fight with her today....Twice actually.
1	Happy Valentines' Day to ALL!! ;)  Back to office working... plenty of little details to manage and hope I can cope with them with little hiccups... hahahahah...  Came back from the retreat much more relieved and "lighter" person... ;)  feeling much much better & have cleared quite a few doubts abt myself as well... but my butt hurts from all the sitting... ;)  Plenty to share, but little space and time here...   Have fun everyone!! ;)  Oh, I am spending my V'day in the gym tonight... ;)
1	... aren't here. But there is a webpage for them. Give me an email address, or email me at sdb@geekworld.co.uk, and I'll let you have the link. I'm not posting it anywhere that'll be google-indexed, 'cause then my page will be as well...[1]  But basically it's me and Jenn, housewarming, vague non-compulsary ancient roman/greek theme. Space to crash. Our house. Friday 4th, 7pm ish.  Fuller details are on the page, including how to get here.  [1] yeah, I know about robots.txt, I just can't be bothered right now.
1	Okay,  Everyone pray to any or what ever God you believe in that the pictures that I just took of Michael come out.(just tried my new digital camera on him) They are filming outside a pseudo french caffe across the street today. Michael is wearing a blck leather jacket,black sweater/shirt and black jeans, and now that I saw him in the daylight his hair looks much blonder than on tv. but GOOD Lord he is HOT.  I took 57 pictures of him pray that some of them come out right please...   I saw him last night when the security guard tried to get him over to where I was but as he was walking towards us they called him in, but I don't care I saw him today in broad daylight and he is YUMMY.   Lunch hour, what lunch when I have the chance to see Michael who gives a fuck about food.
1	15 minutes and I'm out of here! 15 more minutes and I get to start my ANIME WEEKEND! 15...make that 12 more mintues and I can actually have a full nights rest!
1	I just learned from a friend about an incredibly awesome thing that never occurred to me to look up...the practice of lucid dreaming (dreams where you are actually aware that you are dreaming, and in which you can even control them).  To be able to control your dreams...how INCREDIBLY awesome. I'm going to work on this now. I found a pretty good website for explaining how to do it: www.dreamviews.com  Check it out. It's such an awesome concept, and it sounds incredibly plausible. I really hope I can master this...It would be so awesome.  I could fly...
1	Heee... Sony Pictures and Aaron McGruder are working on an animated film version of   The Boondocks  .  Woo! One of my favorite comics.
0	Hey, Im back again. I really need someone to talk to. Sometimes I feel like I must not be good enough for garrett, or just guys in general..Sometimes I feel like I look unatractive or overweight to people..Or that Im to nice of a person that people could just take advantage of. Maybe its my personality or the way I dress..Sometimes I feel like somethings wrong with me, because i cant seem to get garrett. I dont know, I mean it must be something about me! Please, id anyone has any advice, I need some!
0	the test was sooo hard. @___@ i'm like so screwed. x__X *sigh* i really goddamn studied for this test!!! but all the stuff in it didnt include the stuff i studied for the most!!! A-R-G-H!!! .... .... .... *sigh* mr saw [yeh funny i know mr SAW!! *brings a saw and starts slicing tables in 2* umm *chucks it away*] welll he wrote the test.. bloody hell, i give my full support to anyone who wants to kill him to.. kill him! :P hahah gawd.. if he wrote this test, .. how about the 4u maths test on wednesday??? *groans* mannn this soo is not cool!! =.=  i hate my life.   just listened to a song from House of Flying Daggers... it's so sad!!! it nearly made me cry!!!
0	I feel.... so useless.....  I couldn't help Isis-san.... I fell for the spirits' story.... Malik-sama doesn't need me to protect him anymore....  I'm just in the way, aren't I......?  Please go away. I don't want to talk right now.
1	I haven't updated in so long!  But I don't really have anything to write about! haha.  I can't wait until march 18.  I'm going up to Billerica for the weekend. Hopefully I'll get to go into Boston for a little while that weekend!  I haven't gotten to hang out in Boston in a verrrrry long time.  I'm excited.  I can't wait to go to New York this May.  I'm soooo excited to see the city!  I think this summer i'm going to go there for a long weekend to look at New York University.  I'm not sure if the chorus is going to be able to get to Ground Zero or shopping, or the Empire State building because of the AP test which would suck.   That all for now  
1	I've just put in my order for my shiny new computer!  Could I  be  more excited?  Here's what the case is going to be:         Hopefully I'll get it at the end of next week.  You can bet I'll be having fun with it!  Tonight is the night I've designated as "Goodbye Mr Sheridan or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the End" night. Yes, it's the last three episodes of Babylon 5 Season 5.  I'll be bawling like a baby, though I'll love it.  Season 5 hasn't been good as the rest of Babylon 5, but it's still been fun.  It's the last episode that gets me, every time!  *goes to stock up on tissues*
1	there's nothing like warm snow.  After my Conservation course, I ran into Meg, and we both were enamoured by the gorgeously warm snow.  Big-Time-Happy Hearts day to everyone.  The Shippensburg University band was selling lolipops- happened to have my favorite flavor, I had to indulge in a little taste of Cotton Candy.
1	OK, this is my first entry to this journal. I'm very happy at the moment. School was great today because my old history teacher came back to help me and a few other students study for our history exam. I wrote about 10 pages all together and now i feel like i got a lot smarter. My current teacher is terrible, she doesn't teach at all. This week in school is actually fashion week, todays theme was The King is alive. A lot of students were dressed as Elvis or his friends. Some boys even had guitars and they played old Elvis songs. Tomorrow i'm dressing as a Flamenco dancer, the theme is Spain.
1	   the penalty wheel    spank alley!   sorry i havent updated in while. this week has been crazy!  i am going shopping, because i am passing all of my classes. hello san marcos outlet mall. i dont think i di very well on my timed writing. i lost my outline and i didnt finish my passage journals. ah! senior prank was today. i was unfortunate enough to see the semi streakers. senior guys in jock straps. some of them were flabby and gross. and then they set chickens free in the hallways. and they shit everywhere. but i must admit that was pretty funny.  brothers and dad are going to colorado to go skiing. mom and i didnt want to go so we are going to san marcos instead. we get to spend as much on shopping as they spend on lift tickets. that's fair enough.  marathon of brad pitt movies upahead. something for the ladies to watch while the boys are out of town! woop woop!  &hearts; bronwynn moon river, im crossing you in style someday...
1	Well well so happy and relieved today.      Why?            Because Walsall are now set to face another year in the 1st       Division.      Now we don't even have to suffer on the last home game on sat       worrying if we will be safe or not.            We played Grimsby today and beat them 1-0 ensuring our safety       which actually means that we sent Grimsby down.            Everybody Cheer.
1	Well i've just gotten home to Nottingham 2 hours earlier than expected. I was pretty shocked by the amount of snow there was in Saxmundham this morning, yet Ipswich hadn't gotten any when I got there. The orthodontist managed to fix my teeth in about 3 minutes, which meant I was able to run and catch a much earlier train than expected.   Not a lot to say about the journey really, other than it was pretty  boring and enabled me to devour this weeks Economist. Ho Hum.
1	It's official, my 30 buck mp3 player is deceased. This is a sad thing, BUT it means that I had to go buy a new one. And with my newfound ebay/freelance riches, I was able to get a real humdinger! The 30 gig Creative Zen that I wanted so badly is now on my couch, humming away! Sigh...it took me long enough, but I finally made enough to get it. That makes it all worthwhile.  Disturbing half of the news...Bristles bought KOTOR because he's a Star Wars geek. So I'll never see my sweet puter again unless I'm working...thank goodness I have 30 gigs of music to listen to! Whee!
1	i'm going to explode              because i'm happy! heheheh
1	    Well, I haven't seen the last 4... but I downloaded last week's and it was good.  Maybe it was just me, but it reminds me of the last season  OC .  SO good.  (And now that Alex and Lindsay are gone... I never could like those characters.)  I don't mind the new Trey, though.  He doesn't seem "prison" enough, but, eh.  He can throw an Atwood Fit (TM) to perfection.    And CALEB.  You badass.  And I thought he was going soft for a while.    "And you told Cohen because you knew it'd get back to me." "Within minutes."  Hee.  XD  I feel bad for Zach, though.  He's the only new character I really love(d), because he felt more "real."  Aww.  I still don't like Marissa, though.  But... I like her and Ryan being together.  (They're kinda cute.)  (So are Seth and Summer.)  "That guy makes me feel very Jewish."  Hee, again.  
1	The Jacket rundown tonight!!!  with straw!!!  cant wait!!! :)
1	 I'm happy cuz I've just been shopping online - honestly, whenever you're not happy enough to dance round the room like a fuckwit, buy some stuff. Doesn't matter what it is (if it's something you want and can easily afford it's better, but meh), but buying anything from a cheap box of teabags to a really expensive pair of shoes can cure unhappiness - just for a short time, but sometimes that short time can be exactly what you need. Anyway ....          Offensive, but brill. :) Both from  Smell Your Mum .  Becky Bloomwood was right - SHOPPING ROCKS! :D   - b.k. x  
0	 um just finished the research paper... talking to jc um...today was ok...till school ended...well only a few people know why after school wasnt too grand... thanks lauren for the gift...i am starting to learn to play welcome to the jungle or jungle...whatever it is called ill play it for you when i have it down um...sorry cari for getting you mad...emotions suck...you must understand      
1	In order to kill my boredom I'm buying a paid account. Finally! Of course now I have to work up the funds but still, yay for me!
1	A whole week without posting... I suck. The tragic thing is that I still don't have anything to say!  It's Rob's birthday on monday (28 the old man!) so we are out at the waterfront (kind of a baby version of the leadmill combined with a baby version of corp) tonight to celebrate. I have a feeling that tomorrow will bring the worst hangover imaginable but I'm sure it'll be fun getting there!  Right I have to go and source birthday cards and various other celebratory items.
0	Fucking depressed.  Man, I was so good this weekend I went off the meds.  I took one tonight, and turned into instant asshole.  Full of rage, and unable to control it.  Got an appt. soon to reevaluate.  Oh, and a chiropracty appt tomorrow.  I can't turn my head to the left....
1	today is Ernest Hemingway's birthday! which is seriously cool. i will deff remeber to do something special today...something intellectual. i love Ernest Hemingway, i could read him all day!!!
1	So, what's happened the last few days? Monday: 9PM: Got the SMS from my mother stating that Ole Eskild Dahlstrøm, one of Norway's hockey profiles, had signed a two year contract with Lillehammer. 11.30PM: Logged on to the net and saw that Tobias Lundström had re-signed with Björklöven.  Tuesday: 2.30PM: Dad called to inform me that the Postal Service back home had sent me a letter asking when I could work this summer. I told him to tell them I could work for all of it. 4PM: Picked up computer from repair. It cost much less than I feared too.
1	my hoodie smells like your house now. it smells good.  thanks for letting me stop by, that was the high point of my night:) I like the little conversations that we have...  Picasso's are coming to the NC art museum, who wants to go to Raleigh?  No it's not lame, I'm an AdGrDes major...
1	Project Zero II - Crimson Butterfly on X-Box is finally out over here! &gt;
0	omg i'm like in shock, i'm completly speechless about what happened...
1	Had work experiance last week! It was great! spesh the band night which was realy good!  I got a t shirt with "eastbourne youth arts festival" written on it and Staff on the back.. made me feel realy important :D.. A band called Many many more gave me a free cd its realy gd im listening now :D. Most of the days i was working evenings/afternoon.. which was good! ment i didnt have to get up too early :D Tues was the concert at the band stand which went well even tho it poured with rain and there was toooooo much drumming, those that was there will know wot i mean.   Today was my last Saturday morning at music.. yay! means i can get up at a normal time 4 a sat .. heh. quite sad tho.. i hav bnin goin since year 6.. awww  Week off next week! coz i did work experiacne early... but i hav to catch up with all my work.. i got sooooooo much to do.. and revision 4 sci modules. ahhh 2 concerts next week too, looking 4ward to tuesday tho.. its omniculture! yayness!
1	yah so 3 weeks till tha season starts......   ummm not too much going down now...  Went to denver for a couple nights....  Fun  Went to see that movie saw..  Pretty scary.....yah  out
1	Health is much better. Am off to IRELAND for the next nine days! Miss and love you all. Plane leaves soon, must go!
1	okay, so everythings just in my head it was never really there i was making it up funny how your mind plays tricks on you funny how it seems like everything is happening right in front of you but nothing has really happened at all and what you thought was so big was absolutely so small it was all just an illusion i guess just something to make you mad something to steal your joy But guess what it's back now
0	today is the anniversery of kurt cobains death :(  light a candel.
0	Happy Valentine's Day, prick  I hate this goddamn "holiday". And I bet there are more people out there who hate it than love it. Because its a holiday that should be renamed "Single's Awareness Day".  "I think, therefore I am single" - quote from a wise friend  Send me candy, slutEs!
1	oh my gosh, i cant belive all the concerts coming up at the beginning of october! of course, right when school starts...but thats not nessesarily a bad thing because beginning of the year is usually the easist... anyways, heres my list...  Saturday Oct. 2nd: Senses Fail w/(Silverstein, the Bled, Emanuel)  Saturday Oct. 9th: Story of the Year w/(Lostphrophets, My Chemical Romance, Letter Kills)   Sunday Oct. 10th: Taking Back Sunday, Matchbook Romance w/(Fallout Boy, The Sleeping)  Tuesday Oct, 19th: Yellowcard, The Starting Line  woot  oh yea i got the new taking back sunday- rockin  and i got the new jojo cd, its cute!! i like it
1	This guy from my work, Mo, just left for the pistons game. He's been to every home game in the playoffs and he is the luckiest guy on the planet. Wow. I would pretty much do just about anything to go to the game tonight, pretty much.  Work is slow, and the weather is great, its so beautiful outside I want to go and lay in the sun. Actually I want to go out on a boat, when I was driving to work I saw some sailboats out on the water and it looked sooooo nice. If I could be anywhere right now (besides the palace) It would be out there on the water.   My sisters grad party is this weekend, feel free to stop by for some free food. I took the weekend off so It should be fun fun. ALSO Rufus is on Sunday, but im so excited for the pistons that I cant think about it right now.   Time to buy a diet coke with lime. Cio.
0	I have been banned. Permanently. Yes...you heard me... Silverbolt, the con elf of LOA and Silverbolt14 of Dep Server, has been permanently banned from the game. I do not want to explain to everyone why I did, but can assure that this is just an error. My family and I are trying our best to correct this. Please wish me (and my family) luck.  Octobereve... if you are reading this, talk to everdusk ASAP. He has an email for you that was sent by me. Ask him for my email and contact me.  Everdusk, check you're email (the one under ur livejournal account name) and please read it and do as i ask. Ty.  Everyone... I'm sorry. I failed you all. Forgive me...
1	Well, our ghosthunting group offically has a name now. We are the Wisconsin Ghost Network - East Central chapter.   And our website is at:   http://www.sillybirds.com/ghostnet/inde x.htm    Our first investigation will be on March 12th. It's pretty much a practice investigation, but it *is* being held in a location where there is reported paranormal activity.    I can't wait! I've been into this paranormal stuff all my life, and I am quite excited to do this. I've been buying ghosthunting supplies, and I am just about finished.    The one thing I *am* worried about, however, is staying up until 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning when we go on an investigation, since I am usually in bed by 10:00 pm. I am hoping that a few energy drinks plus actually being in a (reportedly) haunted location will help keep me awake. It's the next day when I am going through hundreds of digital photographs and hours of audio recordings where I will probably doze off. :)   I am excited. :)
0	I keep almost updating and some of what I've typed into this box is almost interesting, but I am suddenly having a crisis of confidence. I'm getting cranky. I need a nap. I never had a blanky, but I need one of those too. And I never had a someone, and a someone of my own would be pretty good about now. So this is just a time and space marker. An 'I woz 'ere' on the Universe. I hope the Universe isn't getting a fresh coat of paint any time soon because I want to be remembered, even if it's just for this small moment of graffiti.    Nny was here.
0	i got my results ......... i passed!!!!!!!!!!   i got 3 HD  and was 1 mark off a D     "only treat ppl as you wish to be treated" I think this quote is important for soem ppl to remember atm
1	Took some piccies from the walk with doggie today! When this is posted it was just some minutes ago ;) The sun is shining, untuntuoched snow on the ground, ice under the snow! (ouch) and blue sky without any clouds!      Here's a pretty photo of Lasse (my doggie) in the forest right beside the little waterfall!     Just as I told you! Untuoched snow, shining sun and blue sky ^_^ Still wanna come to the north Lexa babe? :D    Here's another piccie from the sunlight comming through the treetops! Gosh I love my camera! Hehe!    Lasse with puppy eyes. Awwwww! Why do I love this dog? Well duuuuh!    Hope you like them ^_^ Hehe... If you don't like them... then that's fine! lol! But you got to love my dog! ^_^  
1	      ahh close your eyes! and hug her goddammit!    must stop perving over drew and fab.   so maybe a bit off topic, but whole effing cool is fab's signature?    
1	 If your favorite color is yellow, you will love this post:         Fried red potatoes with turmeric and&nbsp;Indian-spiced rice pilaf.             It's carb-tastic!    The photos don't really do the vivid yellow-ness of these foods justice. Especially the turmeric potatoes, they were almost neon. 
1	It is time!!  Bought the amp for my car today and I will beginnith the hookithing upithing of the subwoofer to my car saturday in which it will be FRICKIN AWESOME
1	It is a truth universally acknowledged that a fangirl in admiration of an show must be in want of a big-screen movie.  In conclusion, Joss Whedon, will you please  marry me?   After all, I hail from Utah, where polygamy was  invented for just this sort of thing  legal.  Once.  P.S.  George Lucas, please note that I take no leave of you.  I send no compliments to your movie.  I am most seriously displeased.   Titanic  in  space? 
0	Someone named Bill Phillips has some  unorthodox ideas  about Reagan's legacy.   Satanism / "Temple of Set" / child molestation / cannibalism / pornography /credit unions
1	I had a very interesting conversation with someone yesterday.  It was....interesting.  Maybe a little weird, for both of us.  But it also felt really good being able to be so completely honest with someone.  Hopefully the experience will be repeated.
1	      What Will  omgthatasiankid  Get ?        Xmas pressie predictor        
1	so i finally got my 3rd grade and it was better than I expected. i feel soooooo HAPPY!!!!!  i could have done better but i am happy.  ***sigh****  i am relieved...  oh, and my financial aid money is pending in my bank account...finally....good times.    i saw HOTEL RWANDA---ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES EVER!!!!  it's about a civil war in 1994...based on a true story!! it's sad, because you can replace rwanda with any country that dealt with an internal conflict.  such a progressive movie. a MUST see!!   i love these stay home days...  a good movie (sleeping with the enemy)  some karla home made tacos and revising my paper for france...
1	I'm giving my 2 weeks notice today! I'm so excited :)  I just can't stand my manager anymore, I don't think I've ever met a lazier person in my life.  I'm having a lot of trouble dealing with the old lady's insurance company. She keeps giving different accounts of what happenned. Now she called my insurance company & filed a claim saying that I hit her from behind! She blew a red light & slammed into me! Once the police report comes out there shouldn't be any problems, but the police are taking their sweet ol time doing the report... so I just have to wait. The collison place just started working on my car, so I'll have it right around Thanksgiving & I'll be home for the first week of December.
1	Tonight I went to Baby A's for dinner with my dad, sister and me boy.  During a mediocre meal, I found an aluminum rivit IN MY FOOD.  So.  We got a big discount and I got free dessert.  Along with that is absolutely NO urge to ever go back there again.
1	I just got some more email fun from Emily.  Yah.  She's coming over tomorrow night and watching Metallica - Some Kind of Monster.  I hate Metallica with a passion, so I very much enjoy watching them go at each other like the caddy little bitches they are.  :)  *That's* entertainment.  I'm still on my newlywed Cloud 9.  Rodney and I celebrated Valentine's Day all weekend and I had much fun.  I like him.  Lucy is fab.  I bought her a Dora DVD for Valentine's Day and she loves it.  Well, she loves the map, really.  ~shrug~  I don't get it either.     As       audzilla    would say, I hope you all had a great VD! ;) (I laughed my ass off when I read that, yo)   All is right and well in the land of Sheila.  ~sigh~  It's about damn time.
0	i got blown off last night i obviously just dont mean enough this is what i was looking for i didnt realize the definition would be so harsh i cried myself to sleep.
0	What a day today is, a day of pink fuzzy thoughts, skipping and whistling. Happy thoughts happy thoughts happy thoughts in peoples minds of themselfs, and and one other. Who knows what goes through my head on such a day, who wants to know, do I want to know? I will pretend to be happy with what I have. I will hum I will whistle and try to make the best of things, its only one year in a lifetime. Not every year is happy, nor does every year live up to your standards Christian. So live it as well as you can, do your best and eventually things will get better and eventually you will be happy again. I cant help but wish that it will come soon, but I know that it wont nothing ever does.
0	"how things can change in three minutes".  My house is not a nice place to be right now :-/  Edit// In all of my 21+ years of being my father's daughter, there have been many different England teams, and many different competitions.  Many different last minute defeats that I've come to realise could only and will only happen to England.  Conclusion?  God is German, just like the referee.  We fucking win at losing in style, though.
1	Hello      My goal of this community is to find other WWE or wrestling fans in general that live in Austin, Texas.  I have lived here for 2 years and have no one to watch wrestling with or just hang out.  I'd just like to find other people here to talk about wrestling with.  So if you are interested please join my community.    thank you   Rob
0	 I'm in one of those weird moods again. Jesus, why am I so moody all the time? I mean, why was I, of all males, cursed with the "Man Period Syndrome"?     No plans tonight. I decided there's nothing worth doing. I know there's nothing to do in Bowling Green. I'm not into the mood to go to Spencers, and there is nothing playing at the theatre...so I'm just chilling out at home.      I have'nt posted a picture (well..have'nt posted a picture the RIGHT way) in a good while, so here: A pic from the coolest movie in the   world  .      
0	I didn't do it. ~_~  It wasn't for lack of trying. I stayed at school for an extra 2 hours, but I still didn't see him all day. Come to think of it, I haven't seen him all week, so I don't know what I was expecting. All I know is that I was really excited and determined and I suddenly felt courageous and I started thinking that maybe I could actually do it...  But of course it didn't work out.  Now, do I want to wait for Monday? Not really, because it's Valentine's Day and I freakin' hate Valentine's Day. Maybe I can find some excuse to go back tomorrow. But my courage will probably fail me by then.  This sucks, majorly. I don't know what to do (though the answer probably is really simple, I'm sure I wouldn't like it anyway). &gt;_&lt;  I think I need to stop putting my happiness in the hands of other people, especially when it often tends to rely on ONE person. &gt;_
0	So I know every non single person is super excited about this upcoming holiday. Unfortunetly all of my life Valentines Day is like the most depressing holiday ever invented. All of my girly friends are going pig out and watch romances. That would be boring and bring a horruble realization to my existence.... I want this kid to like me. I'm so lame!!!!!!!!! Don't ever be like me, I'm so desperate! Have a lovely Valentines Day, I have so much evny for all of you with fortunate others. Tears are falling from my face!
0	well.. went down to EB today, finally got to talk to the manager again..  asked about the job, and the have already filled it. he said they needed someone who could start right away. and someone who hadn't been in the field. which i can understand. honestly i would hire someone for was interested in the area and never done it before, over someone who works in the area and wants to change places.  so..  now to look for something else, even if it is just for a couple of months..  ..  damn...
1	       you are...    Ulmo    "Ulmo is the Lord of Waters. He is alone. He dwells nowhere long, but moves as he will in all the deep waters about Earth or under the Earth. He is next in might to Manwe, and before Valinor was made he was closest to him in friendship; but thereafter he went seldom to the coucils of the Valar, unless great matters were in debate. For he kept all Arda in thought, and he has no need of any resting place.  Moreover he does not love to walk upon land, and will seldom clothe himself in a body after the manner of his peers. If the Children of Eru beheld him they were filled with a great dread; for the arising of the King of the Sea was terrible."      Which Valar are You?  Quiz by  maikamariel    eeeeeeeeeeehehhh. Hail Ulmo. He is the best. Weheeh. 
1	YES! No Italian class today! thank GOD!!!!...i was thinking of not going today anyways!...so yeah lalalalalalallalalalala my room is such a MESS! its driving me nuts! thank god i dont have school on fridays!...yah..uh?....k then ppl! have a good weekend!
1	So fricking awesome!!!!!  But also rather large and takes forever from the main homestar sight. I found this mirror link:  http://www.challgren.com/stuff/filmstyle.s wf  . I highly recommend using 'save as...', downloading it and then dragging it into an open browser window, since it was a LOT quicker then trying to get it to load on the main site.   But man, that's totally so goddamn sweet (Oh yeah, and for those of you who didn't play the game and don't know what I'm talking about, it's got Trogdor. So there :-P )
1	Gatorade tastes nice.  So does chicken.  And cake. :)
0	It's been awhile, but here are some new icons. Comment and credit please. I can customize if you would like.  Teasers: 1.    2.        3.    4.     5.    6.     *all lyrics are from Blank Page by Smashing Pumpkins
1	OhmyGODS! (and other stuff!)  This week/end is too much excitement! I don't know if I can take anymore!! I think I might explode! It's all too crazy! I love it!! EEEE!!!
1	I finally downloaded the 3rd inuyasha movie and up to episode 160. So happy
0	I just found out. This certainly is a pretty terrible year so far.
1	Hi, I just joined today! I love Schwarz- they're the main reason I like WK. Farfie's my fave character, and I love almost any pairing or fic with him in it if it's not like a one-sided angsty kinda thing.
1	   Well, so I am officially an old fart.  I turned 23 yesterday.  The grey hair is going to start soon.  Well, not really, but why after you turn 21 do you not have birthdays to look forward to?  I mean, you have milestones, 16, 18, 21...then what?  30? 40? 50? 60? retirement?  I am not looking forward to any of those.  Alright, so I lied, I am somewhat looking forward to 25...cheaper car insurance!  But that's it...and why look forward to that? 
0	Wake up LATE  Curse-myself-out  Finish letters to missionaries & cousins Pay bills  Work on file folders  Read! Read! Read! Pray that if finales don’t kill me, I won’t either
0	Off? Then why have I done just as much today as a usual Monday?  I was planning on a great me day on Wed. A movie and relaxing, but I just a whiny message about "are we going to see you this week?" Dammit. I was just UP there two weeks ago. It's not my fault you guys didn't want to get together then.   Suddenly my perfect week is looking kind of fudged up.   Maybe I should cancel the show Wed night. That would give me a little more time.
0	Dear World:  You are too judgmental for me.  I quit.  love, me.  p.s. this probably does, in fact, apply to you.
1	WOW.  iT'S *FiNALLY* FiNiSHED.   LOOK!   Tell me what you think!  Big thanks to  Kimbie  and   The  Jellinator .  I love it, I think it's cute.  And did you notice how the entry boxes are different?  It's awesome!  Wow, I'm so glad it's done and that it looks good!  You don't know how stressed I was over this!  Jonathan had his surgery yesterday.  Hernia surgery.  It's not as bad, though, because they didn't have to stretch the muscl.  They just put in mesh.  But still, surgery is no fun. I went yesterday, I had fun playing cards with the folks and stuff.  Kimbie and I are going on a "plan."  Woo!  Speedster placed fourth!  Woo!  TRADiNG SPCESiS ON SO i'M OUT.  i'LL POST MORE TOMORROW!
1	 A Confederacy of Dunces--The Movie   Everyone should read this book. Everyone. Especially if you ever come visit New Orleans. Its probably in my Top 5 Best Books I've ever read. I can't even tell you how funny it is. Big, fat, bumbling Ignatius. Ah Will Ferrell as Ignatius? Eh. I might have preferred Jack Black.   John Kennedy Toole committed suicide in 1969, and never saw his novel published. It was finally unearthed I think in 1980 and won the Pulitzer prize.  Filming begins in the Spring, and its produced by Drew Barrymore? Eew not Drew.    Times-Pic Article    Now I want to go back and re-read it. And make Emil read it. He lives there damnit!
1	Hot damn! I got a job. It's the one I interviewed for a couple of weeks ago with Potesta Associates. I didn't even think they were going to call me back.  They are going to give me an 'official' offer letter tomorrow.  This sure does take a load off my mind.  I was a little worried about mula and also worried about sitting around with nothing to do.  I can't not do anything.  I'm also glad that this is something in my field so my degree isn't going to waste, although I wouldn't have minded doing something away from my degree for a while.   Two weeks until the Smith's will be in Morgantown. Geez time is flying. We still need to get boxes, pack, change addresses, and schedule to get our apartment cleaned.  So that's a lot to do there and then me being the ultimate genius that I am have taken on seven projects at work while trying to train a new employee all at the same time.   I'll see you Mo-towners in 2 weeks!
0	      This would be um...me....i don't like this picture but merrilee loves it and i love merrilee so its here for her :D lol that sounds so dumb...I LOVE U MERRILEE!!!! hehe         This is the weird cartoonie thing that looks just like (from left to right) Merrilee, Chris, and Me.         Thats my puppy hehe aint she cute!!!!!         Thats a little bottle of Ketchup&nbsp;:) hehe    &nbsp;    And this last picture is for my papoose....I don't want you to be sad anymore....         Love Ya Papoose! 
1	To my legion of 1 loyal fan!  I leave the country in a few days. But I`m currently in the one place I want to be. With you at your house with u on a dance mat.  I`m going to try and stop you reading this until I leave. I just want to say I love you and I`m going to miss you. And take care of Snowy.   Love moose
0	just got back from the baking co.  after spending time incubating and developing the order management system for toydalwave.  J came by with a check today; good thing too, The rent is due.  J has gone to Cali to pick up a new car.  saw J4 again, he's really into free software!  later on saw a group of "cool boys."  these boys were pretty hot shit.  it looked like an  http://www.urbn.com  catalog.  this made me sad and self-hating.  realized i could embed the cms into the cms for multi-table edits by making the cms class (which generally exists for each table) detect whether it is being commanded and also for it to detect whether it should call _super_main( ) or _embed_main( ) from main( ).  i suppose i will be implementing this tonight; some friday night? eh?  attractive women with drugs are welcome to swing by tonight
0	sigh...good evening...i hope everyone has had a wonderful year...i have to say, 2002 thoroughly sucked and brought tons of shit upon us...maybe 2003 will be better, yea?  i want everyone to know that  i love you  all of you...most of you keep me going, really...i hope that all of the horrible stuff you've gone through disappears, even for a little bit, and dwell on your life and what you can do to it, until you get that overwhelming feeling of happiness and serenity, and you sigh and you can honestly say, "everything's gonna be alright."         good bye all, i'll see you on the flip-side: next year.
1	Missed Infest.  Bugger.  This allowed me, however, to spend bank holiday monday afternoon in the company of       drshipman   .  We drank, we chatted, we plotted and schemed.  All in all a good day and an afternoon well spent.  Most of the remainder of the week has been non-productive and/or work based.  Working tomorrow night and the night after.  My four days off would be spent productively looking for employment, were I the sensible lad I am not.  Besides, something else appears to have cropped up in my life at the moment.  More later.  Maybe.
0	 Currently, all pages at subframe.net are down. If you are a hostee, please contact the administrator for assistance. Thank you for your cooperation.   *wah...sniff*
0	I got another "pissed off" letter from Nate today. I honestly give up...I don't know why my letters arn't getting to him, I never go more than one day without mailing a letter. I'm about ready to fucking give up. I understand that he's down there and feels cut off from me and everyone else and that my letters are one of the only things that are keeping him going and motivated, but I don't know what else to do for him. I honestly feel like complete shit because he seems to think that I've "found some other guy" ughh whatever. I'm throwing my hands up in there air and saying to hell with it; he can think whatever the fuck he wants to because no matter how many fucking times I tell him that I would never cheat he doesn't seem to believe me. That's not my problem. Ugh, I don't like being mad at him and not being able to talk things out; I really hope that things work out between us but at the rate things are going right now I'm not so optimistic.
1	I was just surfing band site today and i totally forgot..BELVEDERE is on tour in Canada. Toronto - Belvedere - @ The Reverb  That is fucking awesome.  Belvedere has been my favorite band for YEARS, and good friends not to mention. Best band ever, they will rip into pieces live.  yay!
1	I have a job! It's Jack in the Box, but a lot of my friends work there, and since Johnny got hired with me today, that means his greasy ass can keep me company. Come May 31st, I'll have two jobs: this, and Ozark Actor's Theatre techie/construction crew.  Excitement.
1	Everybody, come to my   Graphic Guestbook !  You can make an entry by clicking on the "neue Seite eintragen" button down left on the page. And please draw me something! :D Anything. Please?  The first one gets a cookie! :D
1	Well- I had holed myself in my room (this is the usual b/c I really  don't care to associate with the majority of my housemates... man, I've  turned into SUCH a  loner ...) and I decided to go to the hell-hole we call a "kitchen" and make a sandwich.      Upon returning upstairs, I decided to stop and glance in hopes (against all hopes) that there might be something in there.      Imagine, to my surprise- there WAS.       I got a letter from Anna. I have yet to read it- but I am so excited. I am sure it will be wonderful.      You know... mail travels and arrives  ever  so much faster here in the continental US than it did between US and Germany. Although here it comes  far  less frequently, when it does come, it comes quickly.      Thanks, Anna.         You know... I wonder if Rachael ever got the letter I sent  her ??
1	This is good news for all those who are looking for the episodes, those who feel generous and are willing to upload the episodes, and generally all of us who are fed up with people asking where they can find the episodes ...          lost_eps   !!!    Post links, ask for eps, share the Lost love!
1	With a click of my mouse, I have just turned in my last final. Goodbye freshman year, hello four and a half months of blissful Jersey fun.
0	friday night...jazz night...so good...parts of it...i am quite disappointed with friendly's   saturday...bowling, i lost to krypee and helmut, and keep in mind...a girl with a cast...on her RIGHT ARM...beat me...i suck then boondock saints...ended earlish  so then watched gilmore girls and L&O all night...and of course i umm.....did homework...at least thast what my mom thinks  tomorrow, another lovely day at fucking prozdor. blah  i think the higlight of me weekend was awesome, but sadly, getting PRESIDENT two times in a row!!(i count friday as the weekend)
1	10 hours later i'm back in sunny socal. i'm glad to be back with family and friends, but i miss london so very much. london was my home for the past 3 months...she was good to me. i have many things to share with everyone and i can't wait to tell you all. plus, i have goodies to hand out =) if you're wanting pictures you might have to wait awhile. they are currently stored on christine's comp.   overall...  traveling/expenses = $5000 london program = $7150 memories to last me a lifetime = priceless  i can't believe i traveled to 8 european countries! never in a million years had i thought i would be given such a wonderful opportunity. i am truly blessed.  cinday, sarah, jet, hel, hieu and dara, thanks for all stopping by! i have missed you all very much. ray, i will see you wednesday! to the rest of you...i can't wait to see you guys.   now...it is time to sleep in my  own  bed =D
1	 The Weigh In Results  In weight watchers I lost 2 pounds. Yea me! Wasn't sure how I'd do. Total Lost: 48.5   Previous Goals Accomplished  Long Term: Under 200 Short Term: 45 Short Long Term: 47.2 (I'm halfway there. Ding! Ding!)   Next Short, Short Long, & Long Term Goals  Short Term: 50 (Only 1.5 to go) Long Term: Weighing 180 (Only 10.8 to go!) Short Long Term: 63 (I'll be two thirds there)   Short Term Goals  55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90   Short Term Goals  70.8 (will be 3/4s there), 84.9 (will be 90% there and less than 10 pounds to go)   Long Term Goal  Weighing 160   Final Goal : 94.3/Weighing 145 (45.8 to go!)
1	I am a writer.  Sometimes my life seems meaningless, and mostly it is, but I’m not looking for definition.  I am a writer, and I exist in between the moments when inspiration strikes.  I don’t know how to communicate in numbers or formulas; they are a language I can’t understand.  I’m fluent in emotions, in expressions, in rhythms and releases.  I no longer have the need to cry, to fear, or to love: I write, and the emotions are forever etched on paper.  For myself, there is no other way.  I am not a creator.  I am an expresser.  I don’t plagiarize, but I embrace as much of the world as I can hold.  My goals are to make you laugh as I cannot; cry as I am afraid to; and love as if there is no tomorrow.  I am a writer, and for that there is no teacher, only a release. Good or bad, indifferent or enraptured, it is who I am. Who are you?  I am a writer.
1	my mom just let me use my credit card and get "the everglow" by mae.....my most favoritest band!!!!! i am sooooo excited!!!! thats all i am hungry lata!
1	I had an awesome night tonight. We made out for a while, I could have kissed him all night :P He is damn cute, and this post re-affirms the fact that, im so lame lol. I feel like a weenuck, and im feelin as great as a basket of squaw corn  :D
1	   Merry Christmas to Everyone      Hope that everyone has a fantastic and wonderful day tomorrow! 
1	I really really miss the reasonable-meat-on-her-bones Sarah.  Her legs are fine, it's just her arms are extremely skinny...  I think the perfect size was around season one and two of BtVS.  By the by, who's the girl in the photo?                        EDIT  : According to  SmgFan.com , "THE GRUDGE - Director's Cut will include  Sarah's  Japan video diary as well as several deleted scenes and commentary. The DVD is scheduled to be released on  May 17 th  ."
1	In my quest to stop relying so much on what other's think of me, I have decided to disable comments on most of my entries.  I realize I am too needy for feedback....people cheering me on and telling me I'm doing okay.  I'm going to try and look to myself for answers and encouragment.  I do still hope you will keep reading.   And I'll try to continue to read your journals....and comment to if your comments are not disabled.
1	1. Since You've Been Gone--Kelly Clarkson 2. Get Right--Jennifer Lopez 3. Karma--Alicia Keys 4. I Believe In You--Kylie Minogue 5. Free Me--Emma 6. Do Somethin'--Britney Spears 7. Rich Girl--Gwen Stefani & Eve 8. Over--Lindsay Lohan 9. Triumph of the Heart--Bjork 10. Sleeps With Butterflies--Tori Amos
0	I seriously can't stand this seclusion. It always comes creeping up on me. Somebody AIM me or something. I really need to talk to someone right now.  AIM:PA234253P
1	It looks like Viz has liscenced Full moon wo Sagashite! (According to Amazon.com) Here's the link.  http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/de tail/-/1421500361/qid=1108846108/sr=1-3/r ef=sr_1_3/102-9328195-8289720?v=glance&s=books  crossposted to       arinatanemura    and       meroko    and my livejournal       misako_kuukino   
1	I've never been so happy to join a community. Wow, and a good one too.
1	Thats right!     Score! (and an aside grumble about geocities, and a puzzlement as to why his jazzman1015 account seems to get MORE bandwidth than his jazzy_sama one thats NEVER USED).   though I must admit I'm still...eh, forget it 
0	last night me and steph went to dippity dawg. then we walked to her house. On the way to her house it started to rain really hard, i said call your mom but she wanted to walk in it. half way back her mom picked us up thank god. today i sat around and played video games. im going to sit around and play them all night cause i have no friends. oh yeah and steph got mad at me today :(
1	Today is a good day.  I am wearing a cute outfit( the cardigan that beth didn't like and me and cara's matching high heels) and have gotten massive compliments.  Plus my english class was cancelled so i was done at 10, at which time I went to the sub and had a good two hour conversation with my friend Frausto.  Now i wait for practice but today is POOL DAY! And after i pretend to excise in a pool Frausto and I are going to watch The Notebook and have a good cry. I've decided he's like my hero.  Today is a good day!!  P.S. Frausto is my hero for coming over at like midnight when i was crying over the stupid guy who hasn't even talked to me since sunday. COOL! He was even going to bring me a cherry dipped ice cream cone from Dairy Queen but they were closed, but he called and everything! My hero.   P.P.S. Did i mention he's cute?
0	With all that is going on, I never thought about what one does with engagement rings after you don't need them anymore.  Any ideas?
0	  I’m so tired of life and death, &nbsp&nbspmore so tired of struggle. I don’t want to question what will happen &nbsp&nbspwhen I wake up tomorrow. I’m so lonely for all that will come &nbsp&nbspand for everything, too, that has gone – empty as a shell; convoluted void in its heart &nbsp&nbspechoing the ocean in salt and blood. It could be worse – this war is worse &nbsp&nbspthan anything my broken heart can conceive, but if we’re fighting for democracy in foreign soil &nbsp&nbspand the stories are of who lives and who dies, is it really that different, when it all comes down to it, &nbsp&nbspin the microcosm of my mind? This is the story of the shells that are spent &nbsp&nbspand lay scattered on the battlefield at dawn; of the longing for the calm at the eye of the storm &nbsp&nbspbefore the whirlwind tears another hole in your home.  
1	So I had a talk with one of my friends about "stuff".  And we cleared some stuff up.  And I feel better now.  It just goes to show you that it is better to talk about something before it becomes a problem.  And it's amazing if this were last year, this could have ended badly.  But Like I have said before, I have grown up more in the past 2 years than I have in my entire life.  It sucks that I had to go through so much shit to get where I am today, but I guess it had to happen, and I am thankful for it.  Now it has been brought to my attention that I scare girls, because of how I look.  It may look like that because I don't smile that I am pissed off, but I am not.  So here's the deal I am going to try and smile more, and girls please... ah, actually I don't care, I am just going to try and smile more.  Vaya con dios.
1	I'm planning a trip to Ireland - it's a musicians' tour that circumnavigates the country over an eight-day period.  Today I learned the tour leader played pennywhistle as a "featured" soloist on the Return of the King soundtrack. Could life get any better than this? (and given how much suckitude there is at work right now it kinda balances everything).
1	like tohdoh's snazzy scarf? It is glittery denim with a ladybug brooch. tohdoh look tres chic, no? tohdoh jet to Eiffel tower for photoshoot with scarf. nyaknyak ..tohdoh famous one day *gleam*         
0	Here are 16 new icons of the Montreal Canadiens.   Rules     comment if taking any   save to your own computer   credit me in the icon keywords   Post Contents     Current Habs [11 icons]  includes Saku Koivu, Michael Ryder, Richard Zednik, Yanic Perreault, Jose Theodore, Craig Rivet, and Alex Kovalev     Old Habs [5 icons]  includes Jean Beliveau, Ken Dryden, Guy Lafleur, and Guy Carbonneau    Teaser            Current Habs   01.    02.     03.    04.     05.    06.     07.    08.     09.    10.     11.       Old Habs   01.    02.     03.    04.     05.       Credit    BRUSHES:         inexorablyhere          inxsomniax        
1	Things I love: sleeping in my own bed. Hugging my parents. Getting picked on by Adam. Driving around Brighton. Having face to face conversations with my mom. THE MIDWEST!   Yeah, so if you can't tell, I'm definitly glad to be home!  Last week was stressful, emotional, good, bad, awesome and terrible all at the same time and to say the least, I was EXHAUSTED by the time it was over!  I ended up staying up all night with Colin Friday night into Saturday to make sure he was awake to leave for Guatamala so after he dropped me back off at campus I packed, took a shower and was ready to leave at the airport @ 7am.  Maggie and I ended up getting on a stand-by flight around 9am which means I got home about 4 hours EARLIER than expected (which, needless to say, was AWESOME!)   So, now I'm just chillin' at home watching movies with mom and going to Rollerama. She and I leave for Donora, PA on Friday morning and come back Sunday night...wish me luck if I talk to me before then!!
1	So take a look at the 5 lb. beast I got:     that makes the break all worth while right there.   i'm feeling pretty satisfied right now, in all aspects.  &lt;3 les
1	Last night was a poker night and I won :-)  More people there this time which meant a bigger pot.  It really isn't about the winning, it's about blokes getting together and doing blokey things and talking about blokey things and well, being blokes I guess.  Twenty bucks in the pot so there's something to play for and still keep it friendly.  If you lose, so what?  It's still heaps cheaper than a night out on the town and a lot more fun.  If you win, so much the better :-)  Moving day is charging at us, I really can't stand moving but this time around it's not so bad.  After two years sharing a flat it's time for our own space.  It doesn't matter how easy going the flat mate is, it's still a clash of territory and it really is time to move on.  Saw some excellent comedy on Friday, seeing more tonight.  Melbourne Comedy festival is great fun.
0	Looking back at me I see That I never really got it right I never stopped to think of you I'm always wrapped up in Things I cannnot win You are the antidote that gets me by Something strong Like a drug that gets me high  What I really meant to say Is I'm sorry for the way I am I never meant to be so cold to you  And I'm sorry about all the lies Maybe in a different light You could see me stand on my own again Cause now i can see You were the antidote that got me by Something strong like a drug that got me high I never meant to be so cold  I never really wanted you to see The screwed up side of me that I keep Locked inside of me so deep It always seems to get to me I never really wanted you to go So many things you should have known I guess for me theres just no hope I never meant to be so cold  Crossfade Lyrics....
0	Yet so disappointing  http://sports.yahoo.com/rah/  Poor baby. Oh well. :( That's why its considered the tester of champions, this track is a grueling mile and 1/2. Some of the world's greatest racehorses have fallen short on this track.
0	Yeah, yesterday was my birthday. We went to the movies and saw Starsky & Hutch. It was funny... but it was a very boring night.  I went with Kaltynn Andy Raychel Matt... and i dunno if i could count them but Mike and Daniel also went.  I got in a fight with one of my best friends and now we are not talking... i dont want to be mad at him but i cant help it, thats just how I am.  But anyways after we dropped Daniel off at home we decided to go downtown and chill... we didnt see very many people, we saw Hugo and Raychel tried to video tape him... but he wouldnt do it so we video taped katlynn doing flips and ripping her pants.  Well i have to go to my dad's house to day. so yeah... bye
1	Guess what I got! Guess what I got! Guess what I got!!  *breaths in and shouts out*   I GOT THE RETURN OF THE KING TICKETS!!!!!!!!   Ahhhhh! They’re mine! *hugs the tickets* Mum went with me to get them. I got them for the 17th at 3:30 PM and we got to be there like an hour early or 30 minutes early, got to get good seats, ya know. So, mum told me I can skip school that day or she’ll go pick me up early. And then I brought tickets for the 20th.
0	It's the worst feeling ever. Seriously I've been sitting at my desk for about four hours now and I've gotten almost nothing done. It's like everytime I say to myself, I will write a sentence in my paper before I even get there my brain is already somewhere else and next thing I know another hour has passed and I'll I've done is look for a new backpack on craigslist and chew on my glasses.  I have an argument, I really do. It just can't for some reason get it out of my head and onto the dang paper.  Why do I have this problem so often? Maybe I actually  do  have ADD or something. That'd be fucking terrible.  Then again, it wouldn't be so bad given that I don't believe ADD actually exists (well it does, but you know what I mean).  sad zan. sad, sad, ineffectual zan.
1	Okay, I hope you're all sitting down.  As of last Friday, I am no longer with Griffith University.  I have resigned effective of that date. I'm sorry I couldn't let you know what was happening as it was happening, but this was largely due to the speed at which things have moved over the last few days. As soon as I know exactly what I am doing in the future, I will let you know.  $
0	 I don't know.           It hurt Didn't it? It kills Doesn't it?    Stronger. Better. Violent. Scared.    Nothing changes. Calm catastrophe Inside her soul Insider soul. Those are her thoughts.    This will kill her It's what she wants. 
0	These are all Stupid, humorous, and sarcastic... Enjoy.              
0	 Well, today I got up around 12:15ish. Went outside for a little while then came back and got on AIM. Oh, and I was  disappointed  today because tomorrow I was gonna go to  Gina's  Church, but, I found out I didn't have a ride there. But next weekend im fo sho gonna   try   to come.   Sorry Gina :-\ and H0ll!3.   &lt;----lol, trying to be a little unique thurrr. Ne way I watched t.v and went outside for like an hour. Me and  Hollie  had a    "laugh"    today or should I say a  FEW  laughs... lol @   Hollie  ! some people are just so  funny ..okay..n-ehoo movin on. Today I just mainly relaxed n crap...yes...fun fun.Tomorrow I guess im going to work..not sure how&nbsp;I feel about that..Wed's are usually kinda slow :-x. Yeah thats about it for today. Oh yesterday    mo    and  me  wanted to get together but my mom was being a   butthole.   [we don't get along vury well..]    -  K   r   I z T   i - 
1	We just got a new cat yesterday. Its a female with gray and white fur. Pretty cute. When we received it she was a little scared of us and the new environment that she was in.. but soon enough she came out to my little brother's whistling. Now, she loves us all. Quite a special moment for us. Cody (brother) named her Lila.   Yesterday night was pretty kool. Nothing special but I went to the mole hole after not going for a while. I saw some new friendly faces, some of which come into Wawa every 5 minutes.   Yesterday also was the birth of Bernie the Cat. I drew it for them along with a little comic strip. Bernard the Cat is a fat, lazy animal. Instead of feeding it water, we feed it alcohol. It was a night of retarded laughter, my favorite kind.   Gotta go, Justice is calling.   -Rock L.
1	God, it's been such a long time since I've updated this...but nothing really eventful that I'd like to share with everyone has really happened, so there's my excuse. : P  Hmm...I've had 3 colorguard and band competitions, we placed 1st and won Sweepstakes (which means we kicked serious ass) in 2 of the competitions and 3rd in the the other one. Tommy and I are doing great, we went cosmic bowling in our costumes for Halloween with one of his friends and a few of the people on my colorguard team. Today we went to go see Alien at AMC at The Block, that was the first time I had ever seen it and I thought it was pretty freaky.  I can't really think of anything else...hope everyone's doing good!
1	 So I just found out how many people have lj's. Its gay! Anyone who got a lj when you still needed a code your still cool. But everyone else who&nbsp;   only    got one because  everyone  else was starting to get one and you really never have anything to write about that anyone would actually want to read well then you are  not  cool. In fact your just dumb. Wow that was really mean. I'm sorry guys but I speak the truth. I think its time to actually start using&nbsp; _ _&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; _ _ _ _ _. I didnt want to actually write it because then all  you kinds of people  would take over that too.     Anyways, I had a great day.     Things are really different. Things are great. I'm just waiting for  you  think the same.  
1	So I wake up for work this morning and my mom and dad are frantically packing im like whats going on, my moms like how many times do I have to tell you were going to ohio, im like mom you never told me that, shes like oh well ive told so many people that I forgot who I told, bu-bu-but im your son.  Well theres $100 on the kitched counter and ill see ya on saturday. wait what?!?! So my parents are outta town, meaning I will not be sober ;-) everyone come over heh!!!
0	Talk about waking up on the wrong side of the bed.  *sigh*  Let's hope tonight goes better than last night.  I long for normality again.  This is not who I am.
1	 Aria Decline  is a an awesome band!  My good friend Mitch is in the band along with 5 other great guys!  Well last week they won a battle of the bands and are now playing with Switchfoot and Noise Ratchet on the 20th of this month! I am so excited! Switchfoot is such a great band! I also get to see Switchfoot on March 17th at the palace (i refuse to call it the avalon)  I am also seeing SoCo and Yellowcard somewhere in irvine on march 21st with nathan and jennifer.  oh yeah and im going to the tooth and nail tour on the 15th. woo...lots of greats bands i cant wait! everyone should go listen to aria decline at their website...its great music.
1	    Click to view the trailer      Coming Halloween 05  Starring : Johnny Depp, Helena Bonham Carter,  Emily Watson, Albert Finney,  Richard Grant, Joanna Lumley,  Christopher Lee                           Also, McFarlane Toys has been named the master toy licensee for Tim Burton's latest stop-motion animated feature film, Corpse Bride, which is scheduled for release by Warner Bros. Pictures in Fall 2005. 
1	Golden Globes are tonight! Go Lost!  I also just got back from shopping and got three really pretty rings and a new lipstick.  As a small note I'm making a bunch of lj icons from Lost to be posted tomorrow.
0	 Suspended stasis     above ground    below sky    Strings of six through my heart and soul    &nbsp; The strings are furriously  raped     &nbsp; The strings tear at my soul    &nbsp; Pulsation wroght the shreads of    &nbsp;  Heart     &nbsp;  Soul      &nbsp; Blood  dripping, falling to the surface in an abyssal mountain of existance.    &nbsp;    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (and even   death  dies ) 
1	After MB's bday party at Neil's, I went down to the Ruck with Jessica who's in town for the Alpha Phi alumnae weekend.  It was awesome! The first hour or two was just hanging out with Jessica and her boyfriend, Steve. We talked and had a drink and it was pretty relaxed. As the night went on, the place became packed with Alpha Phi girls. I was really happy to get to see a lot of them for the first time in a looong while. Back in the day I had a lot of friends in the house but most of them graduated when I should have (May 04) :P In particular, I had fun flirting with Anne who is a HOOT. It's too bad all the fun people have to graduate and go get jobs :P silly jobs.  Tomorrow I'm going to the  winter farmers' market  here in Troy with Neil. yay!
1	Ok, well maybe not exactly a Rite of Spring per se, but today is my first softball game this season.  I must be excited about the season because I hardly slept last night.  The sleep I did get wasn't a very deep sleep.  It felt like sleeping in a heightened state of awareness similar to the feeling I get playing third base.  I know that this year will be more fun, especially since I'm only playing on one team, and that it's mainly comprised of my friends.  Wish me luck.
1	         Pieces of Me by Ashlee Simpson                 "Fall, with you I fall so fast I can hardly catch my breath I hope it lasts"  In 2004 you fell in love. Let's hope it lasts.          What 2004 Hit Song Are You?   
1	Today, Apple announced the  iPod Shuffle .  It is a 1GB music player (meaning it can hold about 250 songs) that costs $150 and is under 3.5 inches long (meaning it's around the length of your pointer finger).  There is also a 0.5GB (125 songs), $99 model.       While it is very cool and extremely useful for someone on a budget, someone who wants to listen to music while they exercize, or someone with only a few CDs, I'm not planning on buying one.  I already have an iPod mini, and it is perfect for my music collection.  So why am I showing you this?  Simple.  Have you ever heard the phrase, "don't forget to read the fine print"?  Well...     I have been laughing for an hour since seeing this.
0	Go watch Million Dollar Baby...if you want to be extremely depressed....  I was doing good until that movie...now im thinking too much.  I really need some of that attention i like to push away..
1	They Might Be Touring!    After a long hiatus, They Might Be Giants will be hitting Cleveland.     Odeon:  July 15th 9:00pm  Tower City:  July 16th (2 concerts) 1:00pm & 3:30pm  This is at Kids Fest!     Anyone want to come with?  I'm going to the Odeon concert, maybe one of the Tower City ones as well.    EEEEEEeeeeeee!   Warning to those who want to come with.  I show up about 4 hours early for concerts and camp.   At the Odeon, I take John L. side (stage left) smoosh up against the stage.  Tickets go on sale the 8th.
1	today was wonderful,  sorry about your rainbow cone sweetheart.
1	Well I surprised someone today with a Happy Meal from McDonalds. Well I got it just the way I thought it was supposed to be, ketchup only, and thought it was all good. Well I forgot they wanted cheese on their hamburger. So it ended up a Not Happy Happy Meal. Then they got this Hello Kitty toy and it kept looking at me, so I killed it. Oh the things of this world. All in all though, once you get done eating and get to have a nice sweet conversation with a really cute girl...its all good. Oh the things that change...God is amazing. I can now say...NEVER SAY NEVER!
1	i can't believe tomorrow is friday. i've decided to skip french so that i have plenty of time to get my hair cut, get my nails done and enjoy being home...i'm leaving after breakfast tomorrow and i am totally stoked to be finally going home. i feel like i haven't been there in ages (and it's only be 3 weeks or so).   i'm so excited about seeing glen and jason and cole...there will be so many great things happening over spring break. (YAY). all that separates me from then is a single chemistry exam at 8 am tomorrow morning. but as long as a time my time, i think i ought to be fine. i feel pretty good about the info, so let's hope that that shows up in my grade. i'm in such a good mood..this is so unusual. lol.   so here's to a great spring break '05...enjoy it, my friends because the end of school is in sight!! yay!!!
1	This is what it takes. It takes hard work, determination, faith, hope, and luck. That's all it takes to be amazing. Some of my artwork is going to be displayed. I'm so excited. It's not really anything big, a few select students, but it's still my first "show" of sorts.
1	Bob went home today. I'm lonely already, there's no one to play with!  We made some delicious taco dip before he left. Yummmmm! I also made some chocolate chip cookies. The first batch cooked too long so they're a little crunchy, but the second batch is perfect. I've been eating a lot over break. But hey, I don't get to go on a trip anywhere, and this is my vacation. So I'm finding pleasure in eating! I have to work tonight, which is good because then I won't be searching for things to do again.  Tomorrow= lunch with Bob, then work again. Thursday= Shopping! and more good food, of course.
1	New job starts next week.  Level 3 position (up from level 2)  NOT A SALES POSITION ^_^  Higher pay cap ($14/hr instead of $13.25)  Only bad thing is that I might have to go back down to $10.50/hr for the first 6 months until my first review.  I'm going to call Alia though and see how she managed to keep her and my wages the same when we first transferred to Microsoft.  I'll either be working for BSS or Chrysler  Hopefully Chrysler
0	             &nbsp;                                                                                         her little sweater                        &nbsp;    &nbsp;    &nbsp;    &nbsp;    im gonna miss that little piece of shit with her wee wee pads and her little white paw and the fact that she destroyed all my underwear and my room will never smell the same and that she peed when she saw fran or vita or tessa and that i cud carry her in the pouch of my hoodie    &nbsp;    i really hope katia sucks it up and lets us bring her back.  
1	Ok, better plan early for this.  For those of you who don't know, Howl's Moving Castle is the newest Studio Ghibli film. I think that says enough in itself.  I know it's the English dub and so many of us can't stand the dubs, but it's important we support the movie!  June 10th is a Friday. If it's going to play at Metreon, I say we do it there! Either that, or the Regal Hacienda in Dublin if everyone eeks at going to SF.  It really depends where it's playing, but those are two of the nicest theaters, IMO.  So this post will be edited a lot with updates, etc...  MUST SEE HOWL IN THEATERS!!! JUNE 10th! (ok, if enough people want 11th, maybe that instead!!!)  (More to come, later)
1	Well its not long now, sections of C company left at about 5:30am Local time, and have started their journey back to the US.  For me I should be leaving tomorrow or later on tonight, just depends on when we can get a flight.  I miss you all so much, and I am so glad that the time is flying by.  I should be home on the 31st,  if not then it should be on the 1st but real early in the day..  Type to you all real soon.   Love, Travis
1	Adriana, you are the best!  I had fun today!  Jorge, I'm sad we didn't get to hang out together.  But we will soon.   ^_^
0	Today was upsetting, I hate this more and more each day. I was trying my hardest I guess I wasn't good enough. lets just spit it out Wes broke up with me. Thats all I can say cause I get hurt easy. I will miss you wes.
0	all i want to do is get into bed for the rest of the day and sleep. and maybe cry a little, too.  but i'll go to work anyways.  and i'll be okay.
0	Guess what happend our New Computer is not comming until later that sucks I was waiting all day for it and it never came so I was wondering if i can see if the ups for dorgot our house i got on the internet and type ups and they did not show nothing cooming this way so I said forget it but guess what came today beside the computer the computer desk without the computer how good is that ?????
1	this weekend was amazing.  saturday i got to work with other people in telecommunications, and i had an awesome time.  i really think i found my nitch.  i like film and producing.  and i got to kill 3 people.  well, at least make them look dead.  by stranglulation, oh yeah.  sunday i got to hang out with my friend ryan.  wow, i had an awesome time, he's an amazing person.  and his car is pimp like wow.  i really hope i get to see more of him in the future...  this weekend was incredible.  yeah.
1	--Smiles.-- Hahaha scaring people is funny. ha ha. anywho. Kris said he'd call at nine. It didnt happen. Im ok. I think Ill see if Chels wants to crash mabey Wed. night. I think Im going to hang out with Kris tomorrow... her on Wed & then Boo on Thurs & Fri & go mallin. Dude last week was fun. Ha ha ha #6!! haha. No offence Chels. Woo.. im in a good mood for being not called. hmmm... im so happy though. He makes me really happy...... wow. Im..... happy. --contemplates this fora min.--  Well Finals were easy. I ahve nothin else to say. Ill ttyl. I love you all. *mush* ~Punkin'~
1	A bunch of NYC-area schools are doing a film competition for their fourth-grade students whereby they make a documentary. The Family Life Academy Charter School here in the Bronx is doing theirs on Bronx writers, and today they interviewed me for part of it. They're a really good bunch of kids, who asked lots of questions about what it's like to be an author. I was expecting more questions about being a Bronx boy in particular, which they didn't do, but I was more than happy to ask their other questions.  Having done TV interviews in the past, and having conducted them, I was amused to see that this particular production actually went very smoothly, more so than many others I've done.  I believe they're also going to enter it into a Bronx film festival. I'll keep y'all posted as to what happens....
1	i would just like to say that coleen beyond rocks my socks!
0	   Trying to smile but, my day has sucked already....
1	Today, I felt in tune. Nothing out of the ordinary happened and we still had homework but I just felt... content. It was a good feeling. I think it's because I was happy yesterday and that good feeling rubbed off on today. OOOOOOOO I know why!! It's because I decided to be a happy person instead of a non-emotional person!! When Amy said hi to me today I was like, "HI!!" and I gave her a gigantic smile. :))))  I hope Karen is having fun in Taiwan... is it spelled "Taiiwan" or "Taiwan"? Something to ponder.  Picture day is in two days and I found out that spring break isn't until two weeks from now.  I also grasped the deeper meaning of "Four Seasons" yesterday. *sigh* I don't know if it'll come back though. It was funny, when I did, I almost cried....
1	   Asian Amy        Video code provided by KEKAI BOY 
0	i don't know why i feel like updating again, but i do.....so i am, i have pbl in about 45 mins or so, then its hw, time, i'm using this time right now for down time, cause when i get outta pbl shortly after karl will be on, plus i need to do hw, and right now heather isn't in the room, so its perfect for some down time. although heather just came in, but oh well, it will work....i just found out that we are having some people over tonite, so maybe i won't be drinking alone. plus jerry wants to go bowling tonite, but i really don't want to go bowling, cause well i don't. but i might be up for denny's if they do that, althogh i wanna do the bowling next week, cause its free!! i might take a little power nap before PBL, but i'm not sure, i'll make that decision later, but not to later, cause PBL is now in 30 mins. well i'm going to go do some downtime.....
0	nos·tal·gi·a n. A bittersweet longing for things, persons, or situations of the past.   if ive learned anything about life. it would have to be that no one will look out for you in this world but yourself.. sad to say. but very very true. if theres something in this world that you want so bad.. then go for it.. if you set your mind to do whatever it is that you want to do. u can get there.. has there ever been anything that you want so bad that it hurts not having it? something that you're soo scared to do.. not even knowing why.
1	Dear Mommy.........  thx for the ~~lavender and canon in d~~ =D feel much better now n feel so relaxing hihi  have a nice weekend mommy n jelek bat =)  ta ta  luv ya
1	I just wanted to leave a little note to let everyone know that our BBS is back up. You can get there from the main website. :) Ringo and Makoto worked very hard to get everything up and working, so if you get a chance, please come register.  Things are quiet now, but we hope to make it an active community again.
1	SAW IS COMING OUT ON DVD!!!!  YAY!!!    This movie has been my #1 must-have-DVD since I saw it at the T.O. Film Festival...  I love this movie!  And it's coming out near my birthday so I don't even have to pay for it!  :)  I was worried that they might wait until near halloween to release the DVD...   On a less-happy note, I've started looking around for jobs...  I want to work in T.O...  I'd love to live on a subway line...  but we'll see if that's possible...
1	So last night I went out with KT and that was fuuun!! We found a 30 yr. old guy, a fat kid who looked like Joel, a philippino(sp?) who Kt gave my real # too, and another guy who should get a shoe shoved up his ass!! I did almost buy a cowboy hat at the mall. I did let KT drive my car and i almost had a heart attack from her squeling the tires and doing 55 down harper racing Mike Cosby!! But when we went to Fast track I saw Lawrence and I love him more than anything so....hopefully we are going to start hanging out again...  Oh yeah and before all that i went and saw "the ring 2" with stephanie, Alex, Brittany and Cristina. It wasnt that scary, but i never saw the first one so....I guess I cant really talk..anyways im off to look for a job today, but i dont think that will work coz my mom changed her mind again about me getting one..
1	 http://www.extremefunnypictures.com/fun nypic602.htm 
1	I realized I havent given a real "How life is going" kind of entry in a while. And I still havent. Just had to share my excitement about going to Cleveland for the NCAA Tourney. Should be good times. I'm sure I'll have plenty of stories about the trip when I get back, so until then, everybody have a rockin good St. Patrick's Day and look for me on TV when Alabama plays. I wonder if it's cold in Cleveland. Better pack a sweater.
1	Had the best weekend ever!! Went to London to see Chicago!!! We missed you D! Have lots of photos and cant wait for the next meet!!   Thanks for the new LJ Icon i have now D (aka Trixie_firecrax) Love it!!  Am happy, but tired, annoying people shouting down corridor! Snowing though, which is all good! lol! Met some really nice guys in London, wish i had got their number! O well, such is life!  Best song ever, 500 miles!!!!
1	well...I can say I've been quite happy for some weeks. I really don't want to say much more than that. I don't want to spoil it. I love him forever.  -mel
0	Well Matt broke up with me on tuesday.  He said he didn't want a girlfriend anymore.  I miss him so much.  He said that he still loved me but he just needed a break.  I sure do hope that a lightbulb turns on in his head and he realizes that he made a mistake.  I'm still waiting on him, i'm not so sure i want anybody else right now.  Rissa It will all be ok w/you and Steven I PROMISE!
1	Carlo baught me my dream car today!!! 1978 convertable VW beetle!  It needs some work, but it's really not in that bad of shape.  Driving it is pretty hard, but I'll figure it out.  It's cute.  It's just too cute!  It needs a new top, driver's seat, carpeting and dashboard.  It might need a new floor as well (Carlo says they're cheap).  If we get all of that done before summer, we'll probably paint it green as well (it's white now.) Oh, and the floor mats have ladybugs on them!  I'm totally in love!
0	Merry Christmas everyone..we opened presents last night and had a good time. I got some clothes and some movies..i was just glad to have my brothers home and my aunt and uncle here..as hard as i try though, christmas isn't exciting..it just didn't feel like christmas..i guess i just miss my grandfather..i try not to admit it but i miss my aunt even though she hates us...
1	And the saga continues...it just started working again, after 3 months of nothing, for no particular reason. Very strange.  In other news, bought WillyFogg, volume one and watched 3 episodes and they are still very cool. When you're a lightly pissed. So, good buy!! Got another 2 episodes to go - very exciting.  Also, saw my dissertation tutor and he said my plan was fine, and Dave worked out I could get away with only getting 40% for it anyway, and still get a 2:1, so am very happy.  In fact, everything seems to be going right at the momeny...hmmm...something will happen.
1	I've had a pretty good day. Other than going to the doctor and having her tell me it's just seasonal allergies. I had a temperature of 100, that's seasonal allergies? Whatever. And my cousin puked on my shoe while I was babysitting. But it wasn't bad. Somehow, the worst sounding days always seem to be the best. Well, maybe not always...Oh well. I've had a good week, but my throat is starting to hurt again. And I'm hungry.   Oh, and my mommy let me drive tonight, and it was fun (: *  Erica
1	Many snugs and hugs go out to       colifox    and       ysengrin   , I hope that both of you have a wonderful day.
1	TONIGHT: FREE SHOW  7:00PM   90 elm drive oakland mi  don quixote affair as the dust settles austenitics  the beautiful people adelaide  IT'S GOING TO BE SWEET!  Mapquest it, it's not hard to find at all...I want to say 32 mile road and Rochester, get it, got it, good!
0	I'm considering writing all my essays in blood, that way they might give me more time inbetween them to actually have a life. But I doubt it. They'd probably send me to Addenbrookes and have me write more whilst having a blood transfusion.   In other news, work has prevented me from going home for the second weekend in a row. There doesn't seem much point now it's week 6. Bastards.
1	I notice nobody's posted here for a while, bur what the hell. My name's si, and I'm a massive Fray fan. I even once had a letter in Melcall(issue 4 or 5, I think). I'll definitely be buying the new book, even though I've got all the comics, very safely kept in a collector's bag at home. Anyhoo, ciao for now!
1	I went to a rockies game tonight in colorado- it was verrry funn!! me n danielle were screaming and now we are going to loose our voices!  i come home on saturday and i hate plane rides but ohh well  Its candace's bday on sunday sooo- HAPPY BDAY CANDACE~ 17!!     i &lt;3 u!  i hope u all are havin a great vacation - luv u all!  *~comment~*
1	hullo!  I was surfing around in Simple Plan websites earlier (looking at pictures for avatars) and I found this picture. The photo is cute but someone posted a caption under it that made me laugh so much so I had to pt the quote on the picture because people have to read it ^^. The picture is from simpleplanonline.com and the caption is by an unnamed person with the same humour as me ^^    picture   lost plays in 23 minutes!!!!!  eleclya-xoxo-;)
0	katsucon was ok... but no alot of people hate me, stuff happens so whatever i guess they arent my realy friends although i do feel kinda bad and all i cried lastnight i was sad and monday i walked with alex to tommy's house from putt putt it wasnt that bad but im a bit sick though yet katsucon was still fun cant wait 2 more months tell next con, i just hope i can get people to go with me cuz i dont wanna be alone, and i dont want everyone who i though was my friends to hate be but w/e                                              -kin
1	Hey all long time no see, hope everyone's finals went by smoothly.  I'm already experiencing dread from starting up school again this spring!  Just to fill in whoever might want to know I'm very busy this coming semester. Such as:  &#8226; Package Design &#8226; Oral Interp. &#8226; Chemistry &#8226; Family Social Relationships &#8226; Print to DTP ( aka. Art Small Business 101 )  To top things off I got issued a Palm Pilot just to keep track!  Oh well after a semester I was expecting a laptop but this should be just as good.  Anyway X-mas is coming to one and all!  I'm tempted to start a small web-comic sometime during the break.  - After playing "Viewtiful Joe 2" of course. ^_~  Henshin A-GO-GO Baby!  Chad
1	My god! I had the best Valentines Day Ever! I spoke with Daniel last night, and he said that he was going to come over today. He called me this morning and asked me how I was, and said that he wouldn't be able to make, because he had to go to work. I was kinda blown, but oh well. So I carried on with my usual routin. LOL Then I heard a knock on my door. It was him. He was dressed in this fancy suit, with a bouquet of roses, two teddy bears, and candy! He also got the most beautiful card. I cried when I read it. He told me that he was in love with me. No one has ever done anything like that for me before. We danced together to a couple of songs. I felt so special. LOL He kept telling me how beautiful I was, and he gave me a back rub. He looked so adorable. I can't believe I was so turned off by him before. Hmm... haha I am such a dork.
1	Finally met one of the new people, today.  Remy and I made grilled cheese in the kitchen.  I'll have to agree that I hope they go shopping for more food soon, even though lunch was good.    Remy and Jubes have actually made me start to think that my power is a good thing.  There's certain things that I still don't like about it, obviously.  But, there's a lot of reasons that make it good.  I think I'll go out and sit by the pool, instead of staying cooped up here all the time.
1	I sat down to write something deep about friendship, but my mind has wandered off in search of adventure or a nice pillow.  The other night, Morgan and I made a banner for Aaron's treasurer campaign.  It was a near impossible task, sprung on us at the last minute.  We sat on the floor, painting, talking, and listening to music until nearly midnight.  When the task was through, we gazed upon our work and shared a weary smile.  It was the happiest I've been in a while.  Old friends make life beautiful.
1	Yeah, it's my birthday, and anyone who reads this journal is definitly invited to Bifteck (St.Laurent and Pine). Around nine.  be there or be square.
1	a few things that I love:  marshmellow cream Dill Pickle Chips, a rootbeer float, and a BLT Hot Tamales Old family Photographs (anybody's) Taking pictures talking to my bestest friend Lake Michigan making snow angles uplifting quotes sleepovers hiking (outdoors in general) skiing/sledding chi tea reading a good book in front of a fire on a cold day back massages/ back scratches piano music puppy chow teaching someone something new and have them understand funny jokes accents the sky helping those who need help old fasioned movie theaters rollercoasters going to new places and meeting people ~and most importantly God, my friends, and my family  we all have A LOT to be grateful for... and I hate that I take advantage of all that God has blessed me with.  thanks andrea, you made me feel so much better, you are the bestest friend anyone could ask for.
0	ANOTHER broken dvd from netflix...this time it was actually in PIECES when i opened the envelope. i was really looking forward to watching that one.  talked to greg...they aren't looking to hire anyone, and i was more cheered by that when he managed to insult me again. greg is worried that we'll have to start showing hollywood movies so we can pay the rent...so now i guess having a shitty looking theater that didn't cost anything is looker better than ever. hindsight is always 20/20, assholes.  class was a whole 1/2 hour long. lame.  what a stupid day.
1	Ah.. and I almost forgot...  Alonzo and his crazy antics: he wants to wish everyone a Happy Easter, a week early...
1	WWOOOOOHHHOOOO!! back 2 school!! well actually tuesday but who cares!!!!! im going back to scool!! i really missed it!! i even missed pachecho but not blay not that extreme!! anyway cant wait 2 see all my friends and learn more!!! ok ok ill cut the bull actually the thing is the sooner we start the sooner itll be february 26!! when i go to only da best place in the entire world!! BRONX AND NY, NY!! and then itll all be over!!! and the sooner its over the sooner summer arrives!! and the sooner summer arrives the sooner july 5 comes and (yeah u guessed it!!)the sooner july 5 is here the sooner ill go to miami, lima, cuzco, machu-pichu and best TRUJILLO!!woooohoooo!
1	 omgomgomgomgomg    i might be going to New York!!!!!!    my grandma is thinking of going for a long weekend there sometime this year and she said i can go if&nbsp; i want, i'm going to see her later so i'm going to talk to her about it    omg i'm so excited!!! :-D 
1	Calendars say such funny things at times.  "Open season" has come.  And the Romans said "Praise Bacchus, we have arrived!"    Today reminds me of a tomato.
1	Time to add two discs to the list that both found their way into my car this morning:  1) "Pump" by Aerosmith 2) "Laughing On Judgment Day" by Thunder 3) "Images and Words" by Dream Theater 4) "Appetite For Destruction" by Guns N Roses 5) "August And Everything After" by Counting Crows 6) "Rockin' The Suburbs" by Ben Folds  Don't know how I left those two off.  "August" really IS my freshman year at Geneseo; and "Suburbs" is just an all-around classic, even if it's the only Pantheon disc that I haven't actually purchased.  (I'm waiting for the import, with "Hiro's Song," to appear somewhere cheap.)
0	I don't get it, I really don't...of all things to be this fucking upset about, I mean I'm not her! why does she want me to be?!...and then she took the few things that were precious to me, every last one of them and I hate her for it
0	I have to say, I still don't understand why I'm here, but after retaking the test again and getting the 8th circle again, I guess I need to stop arguing and accept my unfortunate fate. I just wish it would tell me which part of the 8th circle I'm in...    The Dante's Inferno Test has banished you to  the Eigth Level of Hell - the Malebolge!   Here is how you matched up against all the levels:     Level    Score       Purgatory   (Repenting Believers)   Very Low       Level 1 - Limbo   (Virtuous Non-Believers)   Moderate       Level 2   (Lustful)   Low       Level 3   (Gluttonous)   Moderate       Level 4   (Prodigal and Avaricious)   Low       Level 5   (Wrathful and Gloomy)   Low       Level 6 - The City of Dis   (Heretics)   Moderate       Level 7   (Violent)   Low       Level 8- the Malebolge   (Fraudulent, Malicious, Panderers)   High       Level 9 - Cocytus   (Treacherous)   Moderate      Take the  Dante Inferno Hell Test  
1	She's coming home for Christmas and New Year - I'm a happy mother!  My Sweet Pea's going to be with me during the holidays.  Yeah!!  I've got a great job for her to do during the holidays to help me and she's going to be great at it!  I've been fixing up things and I know we're going to have a good time.
1	  MSI is in one week from taday and i'm sooo excited. mom also said i could go ta matt's afterparty [he said i got VIP access, yo], and i'm kinda surprised she said i could stay out all night. anyway, whatever, i'm excited like woah.  
0	Nine Inch Nails, in Toronto May 9th-10th. How many years have I waited for this, and how impossible will it be for me to go. I am very sad.  Dear Trent Reznor: why couldn't you come sometime in April maybe?
1	 Space Ghost Coast to Coast Volume 1 (2003) coming November 18th   I hope the episodes are going to be in chronological order since they don't show the really old episodes very often anymore.
1	What I got from my family for Christmas:      Koala Cookies    Chocolate covered bugs   Edible 'butterflies' - larvae with edible flowers arranged as wings    Jelly cups.  These scare me. I tried downing one and almost choked. Maybe it's because I tried to swallow all of it at once   A tight, short leather jacket with lots of zippers (!)   POCKY!    Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Idiot, and Other Observations  by Al Franken    Roasted green peas.  Salty and nasty   A thing full of random bite-sized candies   A couple of shirts   A candle holder   Gloves (really needed some)   A fleece blanket       I THINK I also have a new computer, but it's not here yet.
0	my life's been so uncertain lately, in the last month or two, and i've fallen back into smoking. i want to quit.  i hate it.  it makes me angry with myself.  well, a lot of things make me angry with myself.  but i want to quit again. starting today.  and i'll probably be defensive and a bit touchy for a while, but please be patient with me.
1	Too many updates today, but had to share:   Only in Orange County 
1	      &nbsp;    Only 2 more sleeps til Santa!    Happy Christmas, everyone...hope you have a good one! 
1	Myself and       kphoebe    really need our own special in a special way GCFA icons. Damn I miss having PhotoShop.  Mine having the chopsticks of death of course.
1	the apartment is ours which is my first bit of good news.  my second is that im a preschool teacher!   it seems that with my ed experience from richmondtown and my college credits i have enough experience, in the state of ny's eyes to mold the minds of 2-4 year olds.  i went for an interview today at oakdale academy.  they have an immediate opening for teachers and i was hired on the spot.    i start thurs which sucks since we are moving sat and im gonna be in a mess between a new apartment and a new job across the island( ill be working on victory blvd.)  but im so excited.  it's like finally things are moving in the upswing.  between mike and i's salaries we can afford the apartment the utilities and extras. plus we both have benefits.  and i can still finish up school next fall like i have been planning.  even when shit looks shitty it gets better.  i feel like im glowing inside and out im so happy right now.
0	Virginia really fucking sucks.  I’ve gotta get the fuck out of here.
1	Feeling extrodinarily happy today ^=^ But anm not sure as to why.   But its nice all the same. ^^   Hope everyone else is happy too!
1	*sees  Arines *  *cries from the  smell *  *sees daddy*  *is happy now that Daddy has  removed the terrible smell and fed hir *  *burps in gratitude*
0	So yeah, I decided to make another online journal. I kind of dislike these things because random people always leave mean comments, but oh well. My weekend pretty much sucked, except for hanging out with Kim and Mindi yesterday. They make me happy. I got a bunch of new books from the library on Friday. That made me happy too. Usually I'm happy all the time, but lately I've been really confused and sad.
0	Hunter S. Thompson has killed himself leaving authorities and fans alike asking the question, "why the fuck did Hunter S. Thompson kill himself?"   I don't know the answer to this question, but I do know it blows ass. From what I gathered from  this article , I haven't the slightest clue about anything except the fact that he shot himself in the mouth and he isn't alive anymore. Way to shit all over my Presidents day...  What the bloody fuck?
1	So at any rate, life is awesome.  We've had a short break from spring perfection, but it's supposed to be back tomorrow.  I still basically have an insanely busy schedule.  I got a sweet internship with Wilbanks, Smith, and Thomas Asset Management this summer in downtown Norfolk.  That was a pretty money move.  I got it through that NA Alumni Career Connection thing.  One of the many reasons that NA is an awesome place.  In other news, I was thinking that this song is an awesome song.  Evan and Jaron were really good.  I wonder where they went.  So yeah, other than that, UVA still rules and I'm having an awesome time pledging.  It's a great day to be alive.
1	I'm almost done with my homework and then I get food!  Yay!  Leftover spicy broccoli cheese soup from last night.  But with tortilla chips instead of bread tonight, I think.  The past few days I have been very happy, and I have also been not at all interested in writing my novel.  I'm not sure if there's a connection here or what.  Well, there's a connection in that I've been doing things that make me happy that take away potential noveling time, I guess.  But other than that... I don't know.  I'm hoping to get 2000 done tonight.  We'll see.  165 so far.  Hey, it's better than nothing, right?  Why are people on my friends list not updating much now that I'm reading more often?  Or does it just seem that way because I'm reading more often?
1	Today is the third day of Sakura Matsuki, which is the Japanese cherry blossom festival. Sakura Matsuki is a Japanese tradition that happens every year. Basically speaking, it's our way of welcoming Spring. The season lasts for approximately a month, and is usually host to many parties. Traditionally the Japanese wear costumes to celebrate at said parties.  So here's where you come in.   Who: You, and yours. Everyone who's anyone is invited! What: A Sakura Matsuki party. Where: My LA beach house. When: April 1st, 2004. Why: Why not?    The only hitch is that I require that you dress up. This could be a costume or formal attire - it's your call. Anything goes, really.   Please RSVP so that I can get enough champagne , akura-yu (cherry water), and sake for everyone!   I hope to see you all there!
1	  my party went great! aaron and corey showed up i was sooooo happy!!!!!! the only one who didnt show up was nikki and i called he and give her m y piece  of mind omg it felt soooooo good!!!!!! anyways FL is in  9  days!!!! i cant wait. my life is sooo good!   
1	The pc just arrived at Sandy's office!  I'm feeling quite a bit more energized since this morning.  I wish I could find a good, free goth radio station.&nbsp; Gothicradio.com was the best, but it went under shortly after the recoding industry started getting feisty.&nbsp; You'd think they'd realize that if it isn't mainstream, they need any outlet they can find to market their stuff, otherwise you never hear of it.  Oh, and don't get me started on that poor woman who has been on a feeding tube for over a decade...let her and her husband move on, please.
1	going to venezuela. be back in 9 days.  &lt;3333333333 ashley
0	i was so bored so sad and so pist all in one day haha bored as fuck i miss jalahn so bad grrrr  i miss my lil black friend sniffle
1	It really feels like summer at the moment. It's warm and bright and I want to go out and have a nice walk and explore somewhere.  Been staying over at Anna's this last week too as my house has been empty, it's really nice hanging out with people I actually like and enjoy their company, gonna make my housemates even more annoying to live with now.  Can't wait for next year though when it's gonna be me and my friends in the house, it should be great!  Also just got the tape with the first 2 eps of Dr. Who and the extra stuff afterwards too, from my beloved Mum and Dad, I love it, it's so great. Maybe a bit cheesy in places, but it's funny and witty and new and so very DW!!  I feel so up it's great. Also should be planning to go over and see       brallaqueen    at the beginning of June too, which will be great. Can't wait to go!
1	I think that Shawn's Game is an awesome idea, so I'm gonna do one with movies.  I'm not trying to copy you Shawn (ok maybe I am).  I'm sorry please forgive me.    Alright, this is a line from a movie, tell me the movie and who said it in the movie, (Character name).  Bonus points for their real name.  Line: "It’s mercy, compassion, and forgiveness I lack—not rationality."  Let's see who can get it first.  Have fun.
0	To any of the Spanish who made monkey noises at the English black soccer players tonight, your fucking disgusting!!!  That is all...
0	 Well, the new manager and the District manager showed up today. It took them till 5 pm to show up. But, the biggest thing is Kevin, the District Manager. I didn't like how he said, "I will be here more often. That could be good. That could be bad." The attitude was just BAD. I really do not like the way he came across. He had a very self righteous voice. I just wanted to take a big stick and shove it in his mouth. Jack, my salesman, is in a very bad bind. I want him to get sponsorship in the company, but Kevin is now fucking with him. He now said that if he opens a Scottsdale store, Jack will be the top pick for manager. Very mean way of putting it, too.  I really do not need to go on as everything else would be under co_workers_suck.  Heh, I really need some frustration release. Maybe a punching bag... No. I am not a fighter... I don't know. At least, not yet. 
0	My school had a two hour delay, my district no school so I didn't have to go to school "sigh" My live journal irritates me. Many things irrirate me lately. So yeah I'm thinking about things a lot. And it's making me sad. But it doesn't matter. It's okay. That's life.
0	Well i guess i won't be goin to magic mountain. (thanks to anthony) i'm free all week if anyone wants to do anything. Holla at me! or else i will be spendin my spring vacation inside my lonely home. :(
1	   Okay, so I didn't ask for permission to upload this pic, but what the hell... That's my soulmate. Cool haircut, huh? :D  And I've realised that if I want something to happen with Jesper I'll have to see to it myself, because he's not going to help. Which is a bit frustrating, since I consider myself to be very shy. Feels strange that someone can be even more shy than I am. O_o
1	anyone looking to rent a room contact me, heathermlean@hotmail.com, its only $200 +/mo. with lots of fun  stuff included.
1	Two wolves have found this one! This one is happy ^_^. But have they come for this one? This one will show them paradise....KKKKKIIIIIBBBBAAAAA!!!!!!
1	Just in case you guys arent up to date I'm gonna try and keep you posted about what bands have signed up for Warped Tour '05. I'm not doing anything special i'm just reading them off the news postings at www.warpedtour.com. Alright, bands already signed up for next year include:  Hawthorne Heights  Atreyu  The Starting Line  Avenged Sevenfold The Offspring* My Chemical Romance* The Transplants Fall Out Boy Thrice*  *I'm really look forward to these bands.  And just for the record I like My Chemical Romance before they were on MTV. Thrice kicks so much ass. And the Offspring are just cool, i mean come on how can you hate those guys.  There are a few more bands I really want to join up for this summers tour. Namely Rise Against, Bad Religion, Flogging Molly.   Well catch you guys with another update when ever i see another one.  Chris
1	Hello, Group!         I'm Brent Parker, (animagusurreal on Furtopia, camofurz on Yerf). I do surreal fantasy and anthro artwork in pencil and Photoshop. I'm currently working on a series of animated shorts that will soon (hopefully) be downloadable from my website, where you can currently check out the brief preview, as well as my gallery and poetry -   http://www.animagusurreal.com    I've also just started a DeviantArt page at     http://animagusurreal.deviantart.co m    Here's one of my latest Photoshop works, "Elephants Sleeping" -       I think this group is a really great idea. Variety is the spice of life!    - Brent    P.S.  I'm new to livejournal - how do you make the   command work on here?:)
1	bowling sure was fun, nice to meet up with some of the old gang.  it's been hard for some of us to still hang out since some of us have graduated.  only 1 of the 3 that graduated could show up, but it was fun anyway.  i sucked at bowling, as usual, but it was still fairly fun.  just Greg, Dalton, Laner, Chad, Laura, Dusty, & me, it was great, just to hang out afterwards at Greg's & Laura gave Dusty & I a picture that we took last year on one of the last days before the graduation, it was a great picture.  We did the rockafella thing, where you make your hand in a triangle shape (it's the record label Jay-Z is on, I think) I don't know, you'd have to been there, I don't know, it was a goofy thing. Took Laner home. Drove home & watching WVU blow it in overtime against Wake Forest in over-time. Jessica (my 3-year old neice) is here, so the house has some noise going on now.  Josh
0	So why haven't I committed suicide yet?  I think it's because, somewhere deep inside, there's this eensy teensy bit of hope that one day I'll be actually able to, y'know,  impress  people. To impress my spouse/finacée/girlfriend (presuming I'll have one), my friends, and most of all, my father.  With all he demands from me, it feels like it even further strengthens my inner urge to impress him, to "prove worthy" for him and to maybe even positively surprise him. I have never been able to do that, ever.  And I wish I could.  But what if this will actually happen? Eventually?   Update:  Once again, thanks Olaf. :-)
1	Jeff and I totally pwned teh nub today against Moorestown today in our first JV debate for the season!  It was quite possible the best debate I've EVER done.  Actually now that I think about it...my whole eight minute constrictive speech is now somewhat of a blur. Anyway, yeah, the 2nd affirmative speaker was SOOO cute and SOOO funny.  Sorry...I just had to say that. *swoon* haha Anyway...I'm really tired and well theres no one to keep me awake with witty banter so I think I will depart! Adieu!
1	First try yo......     You're a Flute. Cute, but vicious.      What is your inner musical instrument?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	         Your Linguistic Profile:       75% General American English     15% Dixie     10% Yankee     0% Midwestern     0% Upper Midwestern        What Kind of American English Do You Speak?     -lee
0	well i'ma fuckwit arent i  I've now royally fucked myself over....... this have been misconstrewed..twisted and god knows what else and now I'm single.... and my laptop is broken and harvey norman are fucked.... i went to go claim thru insurance...and harveys havent done any paperwork about me changing puters........ so flexirent have me as having a totally diff machine... and now i'm not even sure if insurance will do it coz of harvey normans fuck up I want to sit down and cry about everything forget the world and just sleep or something *goes to find some fun drugs and forgets it all* (KIDDING)
1	    That's right, bitch. (Just kidding)   Best reunion yet :) I'm more excited than ever for Micah 2005.
1	 Well all you shmoes! Mock is going home tomarow! YA! isn't it happymaking!  I'LL HAVE A COMPUTER !!!   well... a computer hooked up to the internet... (right now my moms comp is upstairs in the kitchen... so she can watch dvds... while cleaning out the fridge...) at this moment I'm at the library returning the books I've checked out and read... and yes it is BOOKS 4 to be exact... they were realy good... especialy Echos Of The Great Song it has an interesting ending... come to think of it so did Raven Heart... ver ver good any who so you should check them out if you get the chance. Well now its time to go off to ... Pistle Peets... Pistle? ummm six-shooter Peets? ummm its however you spell Pistel... er nevermind then!... ::ehem:: can't wait to get home... then I can start working again... I like money... well ta ta all you fuzzy and slightly lumpy people!            Mock The Bunny                
1	Mom came home today. She is doing much better. Thanks for all the support over the last week. I've been stressed. I plan on actually working today after a little  Kingdom of Loathing  with a side of the  The Legend of Zelda . Yes, I went out and bought a video game. I forgot how much I loved the  old games  like  Zelda . Then I plan on watching the first three episodes of  Ah My Goddess TV  before going to my  Nocturnals  game.  A geek is me.
1	it is now sunday, and i think i'm still a bit tipsy. aside from a minor headache, which was remedied with excedrin, i feel great. i made it through the night without eating a bite. i don't feel hungry at all.   this morning i woke up and noticed that when lying on my side, my thighs aren't touching. usually if i drink wine, i drop more weight for some strange reason (assuming i didn't give in and eat something). i always credited that to dehydration, but maybe there is more to it than that.   i can't wait to get home and hop on the scales after fasting for 3 days. if i am not hungry by tonight, i might extend the fast until monday. i certainly shouldn't eat close to time for bed. i'll probably just eat enough to get me by and take a vitamin. maybe salad would be best.  this feels so good. i don't want it to end.
1	sis-in-law had her baby this morning!!! now i have a nephew!  he's so cute and fat, just like his auntie lisa :):)  i'll update with more info and pics later, but it'll be friends only so make sure you are logged in.  YAY!
1	Fiona walked to me today!  11 months old!  She took 5 steps towards me, then dropped to the floor and grinned.  I'm a happy momma.  I miss my husband like mad, but things are good.  Cailen'll be back before I know it, and we'll move to a new place that will totally kick ass.  I miss living with Jason and Miriam.  They were so nice to us, and we all got along fantastically.  It's nice to have friends who care.  We're in Pittsburgh right now.  I love this city.  And I know a couple of people here too, so I can maybe go out and have a baby-free night sometime with them.    Clubbing.  It's been a while.  Am I ready?  Hell yeah.  Well, I'm off to have a hot cup of tea.  NIght night.
1	Off to Canberra. Enjoy Necro, Easterfest, SCA and all the other countless festivals happening this weekend. As for all the people  not  going to festivals, you must have a good time too. Eat lots of chocolate and everything will be ok.
1	So I finished my power-point today, YEAH! I'm having a good day, I might get to see David later and any day I get to see him is a good one. I'm hangin out with friends after school later, I hope that blows over well. My mom and me fought about it this mornin, she's evil and I hate her! I think I get to go see Dawn tomorrow after school (no I don't get out for it, damn!) But I do have some stuff I need to talk to her about. I'm hungry and I really can't wait for lunch, I don't remember if I have money in my account. I get to call David during lunch which makes me pretty happy, it's all good in the hood dawg! Yeah you can say I'm having a good day. Come support the Western Bands tonight at 7:30 at our pre-festival concert. I'll be there, will you???
1	first of all thanks to all who came to my party i appreciate everything   second of all  MY FRIENDS ARE THE COOLEST  they got me a disc golf basket how awesome is that  now its gonna be practicing 24/7  katie is coming back tomorrow and im pumped  and i love summer its the best  Eric
0	Christmas ended up pretty good. much better than i expected.  Steph's gift was awesome, much better than anything i would have thought up.  Last night threw me for a loop.
1	the $50,000+ a year job at the biotech company called back!  Holy cow . . .I may get an interview!  *PDM does the Snoopy happy dance at her home office desk*
1	today was magical because i woke up in an amazing mood and got an A on a french paper and saw gypsies at hot corner and listened to their gypsy music and my creative writing class, though cancelled, enabled me to catch up on cw-conversation with forrest and phillip and later that afternoon i stopped by kitchen table stereo and got a new needle/cartridge for my newly acquired turntable.   life is good, if only the sun would come out. also, spring break was fun. savannah was amazing. i will post an in-depth report later on, but needless to say, i got the aforementioned Pioneer automatic return PL-514X, a boatload of classic, near-mint records (including the white album & abbey road and led zeppelin 2 ( my favorite) ), as well as a bag full of French Novels (including sartre's Nausea in french!) at goodwill for around 7 bucks. not too shabby.
0	      "Sometimes, when I sleep at night, I think of 'Hop on Pop.'"   George W. Bush, in a speech about childhood education, April 2, 2002 
1	hehe, I got it yesterday. I came home, opened it and immediately stayed on it for like the rest of the night which turns out to be like... 4 hrs? My clock was fast so I thought it was 11, but it was only 10 :p But I went to bed after reading my PT on the comp :D Sooo yay! hehe, I got songs on the comp from copying them from the discs that various ppl burned for me. So now I'm not like music deprived on this comp. The next thing is to d/l diff programs that were suggested by ppl and to get all my favorites back into this. The other thing to do is to transfer my stories on floppy to my laptop which happens to -not- have a floppy drive... ^^;; I got a memory key instead, but that was cuz it was free! XD It came as part of the deal.
1	My paper has gone from "embattled" to "kick ass" in one afternoon.  I'm really liking this one, and getting confident enough to put some of my own opinions in it.  If it goes over well with Jeff, I might refine it and try to get it published somewhere.  I'm thinking LiP or This or a magazine along those lines.  It's very aggressive, tears into certain people pretty hard, and is potentially among the better things I've written.  Not bad considering I lost 4 days with writers block and 2 1/2 days with the flu.  Some days you're just good.
1	Gettin' ready to head over to Meek's. this party is gonna be soooo cool becuz meek invited a bunch of people and all and plus ill get to see kev, i miss him so much :'( i just hope gene is kidding when he says he is gonna show up..  &lt;3&lt;3
0	Voy a dejar por un tiempo LJ, creo que ùltimamente me han pasado muchas cosas en mi vida personal asì que no me siento con mucho ànimo en estos dias. Existen personas cercanas a mì que me han decepcionado. A pesar, que me encanta la Navidad me siento un poco triste en estos dias. Creo que sòlo leerè algunos comentarios que me interesen y por supuesto, si me entero de alguna noticia de mi actor favorito LT o de Oz.
1	MEME:  I love looking at people's icons, but I don't always *get* them - I often wonder stuff like, "Who's that guy?" or "Where's that quote from?" but I tend not to ask, for various reasons. So come on, here are my icons ( http://www.livejournal.com/allpics.b ml?user=paddita ). Pick one (or more!) you're curious about, and I'll try to explain it. Or at least explain what I like about it.
0	I made a mistake, yea I'm human after all i guess but i keep making the same mistake over and over again.  I inadvertantly hurt those that are close to me, more specifically females.  I fucked up again, well, not really fucked up but didn't do what was right.  This has nothing to do with phyicallity or anything, it just that I feel as if i let her down by not following through.  Potential was there and I can see clearly my mistakes I made both recently and more distantly in the past with her as well....  I've learned from this though and that's a positive i suppose....  Tommorow starts classes again... blah.  Going to try and quite smoking again here in the new future as well....
1	I went on a double date tonight and it was fun. He is such a gentlemen.   I did a lot of driving today, it beats doing homework.  I'm applying for a waitressing job at the new Apple Bee's in Bonney Lake. If I get the job I know I'm going to miss a lot of people at my current job.
0	i can't go nepal this may.  for once, i feel very claustrophobic on this tiny island.  i really really miss the mountains.  but how can i ever let my dad understand this part of me.  it's so pathethic.  i can't even face an open space and shout out my frustrations.
1	Chloe came home today after a DOUBLE adrenalectomy yesterday.  I cried I was so happy to have her kisses again.   Off to set up her isolation cage and then off to work. yay for working 8 days in a row!
0	I really don't like it when people fuck with my head... I know it wasn't done on purpose but the fact remains that my head was screwed around with and it sucks. You can't just put an idea like that into my head, let it sit there for a week and a half, then go "oops, I was wrong, forget it" and expect me to be okay. Because it doesn't work that way.  This week is going to be absolute shit. I can tell.
1	I got an 86 on my math test and the teacher saud I was his proud student.  That makes me feel like a teacher's pet but what the hell.  I kinda feel dumb though because I'm the only one who asks questions but I want to do well to bring my gpa up.
0	finished class, and went home..  incredibly ambivalent yet pissed off... i really feel very little respect for my dad, and i have to force myself to not show it bc he is worthy of it in many ways. Just not the ones i admire, and thus the struggle.
0	  Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me. We pillage plunder, we rifle and loot. Drink up me 'earties, yo ho. We kidnap and ravage and don't give a hoot. Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.  Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me. We extort and pilfer, we filch and sack. Drink up me 'earties, yo ho. Maraud and embezzle and even highjack. Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.  Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me. We kindle and char and in flame and ignite. Drink up me 'earties, yo ho. We burn up the city, we're really a fright. Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.  We're rascals and scoundrels, we're villians and knaves. Drink up me 'earties, yo ho. We're devils and black sheep, we're really bad eggs. Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.  We're beggars and blighters and ne'er do-well cads, Drink up me 'earties, yo ho. Aye, but we're loved by our mommies and dads, Drink up me 'earties, yo ho. Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.  
1	I'm back in LA which has been more that just nice.  It's been pretty great, actually.  I mean, I haven't done anything all that special ... but hanging out with old friends, decorating the Christmas tree, eating yummy foods, has been really wonderful.  Oh a funny thing this break, I had my wisdom teeth taken out.  Five of them.  Yeah.  Five.  Three on top and two on the bottom.  I guess it's not that funny, at least until you see pictures.  Stay tuned to future livejournal entries to see my face puffed up like a chipmunk.  Jacob, Abigail and my dad had a ball making fun of my pain.  Boo.  :)  In other news, it's Christmas Eve.  So Merry Christmas guys.  And Happy Channukah.  And Happy Kwanzaa.  And Happy Holidays in general.  I hope you're having a really great break.    Au revoir monsieurs et mademoiselles.  By the by, this post fills my quota for my livejournal posts a month.  For real updates, go to my website ( gotnic.net ).    love love -- nic
0	       its times just like these when i wish i was someone else.....honestly    im so stupid....and i hate myself sometimes    i have problems...seriously.......i need help    why does everything just keep getting worse?    more than anything....i just need someone to talk to     ...i dont know if anyone would care anyways    is there anyway out of this?....dont think so     its like...i feel alone when there are people all around me...                so im sitting here...crying my eyes out....and i really dont know why. why do i get so depressed&nbsp;like this? for no reason? well....there is a reason but its&nbsp;i dont wanna get into it.........    
1	*i was on the radio raving about the new bsb song last ngiht on drq. i am so happy bsb is back. im so freaking obsessed with the song. i was suppose to go to the concert next tuesday for my bday..but no. never got tix. :( o well..they gotta summer tour that dev said he'd go to with me..hehehe hes gunna get so annoyed there. oh yes..my birthday is in 6 days!!  *devs up north...but he comes home tomorrow!! yay! makes me happy. were seeing sin city tomorrow. im SO excited for that. the movie and to see my baby!  * was oober depressed yesterday. did a stupid thing. but im ok now. im happy now. im better.   *cannot even begin to tell you how much im in love with devon. hes so amazing. :) i need to tell him these things more often...we'll get better baby. i promise :)
1	everybody guess what??  I MADE ALL A'S N B'S...GO ME!!!IM SOO EXCITED!!  and guess what again....             IM ON THE MATH TEAM...WOO-HOO... and i made a 98 in math...GO ME AGAIN    i have been in a good mood all day...finally bc i have been in a bad mood the last 2 or 3 days...(you can even ask whitney whitaker...haha...sorry for being snappy whitney)
1	  Thank you to everyone who signed up :)   I will work out assignments and get them to you ASAP tomorrow   *cuddles*  Becky  
1	So incase you are wondering why so many photos, I finally bought a compact flash card for my camera (1 gb) and can now show you all of the knitting projects I've been working on.  This is the most expensive one so far,..it's a Moonlight Mohair cape.  No pattern, this is just straight knitting with decreases and I decided to lace it up (of course) because I'm a corset lover.   Close from the front      The entire cape.  It is fun to wear (but sheds as it is mohair).    On me from the side.     Laces    Back of the cape    The coloring of the yarn is the most true in this photo.
1	Charles and i got some of our shopping done. We have a couple of friends left to buy for, and all of Charles's family, but other than that we made great progress. And get this: while we were at Toys R Us, we saw memebers of the 501st! See?  http://www.501st.com/default.html   That prompted me to look at their sister page:  http://www.rebellegion.com/index.as p?IE=5   There are some awesome costuming tips on there. *nudges Shay with insinuation of dressing as a SW character for his wedding*  mwa ha ha ha.... hope everyone is well. I am sitting next to Joshua! :) Good night everyone. :)
0	Heather i love u so much im fucking lost without u....i cant stand this shit why does it have to happen
1	Usually I am never a movie buff. Ummm ... But I just cant wait for friends to see this movie . I have 2 bowls left to Friday and I just took the toilet paper tube and stuffed it full of fabric sheets. Yes, ladies and gentlemen .... I am off to the movies to smoke pot in the bathroom. I cant wait any longer for return of the kings. Well I will give a full report after I have seen it. till then
1	I picked up a few books today from the university where my dad teaches (Gallaudet University). Biochemistry, marine biology, organic chemistry, cellular biology, and misc other stuff...   
1	Well Thursday I leave to go to the Adirondacks Kyle was coming but he decided he couldnt cause he has some job interview thing going on or something so Brenden is going in his place.  It is gunna be awesome I love the Adirondacks plus in the winter its always the best snow mobiling and Snow ball fights and shit like that.
0	Sad to report I will not be back on Bainbridge this next week. I need to stay for the job stuff and such. Take care all and I will update later
0	The tension builds but I feel the walls are getting thicker And then I still make believe that I am feeling better.
1	:: Leading Daniel down the corridor::  The spot where we discovered the writing should be ...  :: Shines flashlight around ::  Aha! Here, Daniel!
1	..One step, then two, then three, then smoke. Sparks shot from the chrome man's mouth and a thick black smoke that smelled like tar vomited poured from his joints. The air became a blank space for words that would never present themselves, they instead hid behind a rain of gears and machinery. The poor man  was losing his innards.  The chrome man, once an idol to man and machine alike, lay humiliated, burning like a gingerbread-man in an unattended oven. That night the machines took a vow of silence and none would ever dream of humming again. And as for the pale machines, their tears were reserved for a joy that the machines could never feel. A joy written in a foreign, undecipherable language that read like poetry and sounded like noise. Yes, the pale machines slept comfortably in the knowledge that their monster was long gone.
0	And now I've missed my first shift at work ever, due to having written it down wrong... thought I was closing tonight. Of all the days to have this happen...  Someone check me for curses, hexes, evil eyes and the like. @.@;
0	So yeah  my unit flies home tommorrow leaving me and one other shmuck who volunteered back here you know i didn't think it would be this hard cause i would be buisy all the time and not have time to think about them but i was wrng i guess its not that bad i'm with a group of good people so it won't be that bad but its hard saying goodbye to all of your good friends and by the time i get home they'll already be back out here or moved to another post i'm so alone
0	 Well,  FWA  is very unlikely to occur for me this year.      berner   and I were supposed to drive down, but he can't finagle time off work.  I could fly down, but that takes money I don't have.  Was looking forward to hanging out with some very cool people, but such things sometimes fall through.  People are suggesting  Megaplex  instead, but that's a week before  Lunacon , and that almost always has precedence, especially if funds are limited.  It'll all figure itself out somehow.      [  read original  | Substantive ]         This journal entry is copyright and is licensed under the terms of the   Creative Commons    Attribution-Sharealike     license .   
1	When I was little one of the special treats my Mom would make was banana milkshakes.    This consisted of a frozen banana, milk, cinnamon and vanilla all blended up in the blender.  Often served with a bendy straw.  Oh yes.  And sometimes big pieces of banana made the straw usage impossible - but thats OK.  The bananas used were typically ones that had gotten a little bit brown and soft and then frozen.   ANYHOW - I had been saving such bananas and today decided to try and make one of these using the food processor (I left my blender in NC).  I know its a little unorthodox, but it worked great.   And now I sit here sipping on a childhood tradition (although with soymilk instead of the cow stuff).  :)  I also had a nice long chat with Mike on the phone.  Its so good to hear his voice.  And its as if he knew I had been thinking about him a lot, and there he was on the phone.  I'm getting seriously jazzed about my trip to NC at the end of next month.
1	I am diggin’ Kirsty McColl. She makes me want to cha cha in stilettos!
1	     Would anyone want to bang you? by phobia      Name:           Favorite Food:           Wants to Bang you:           This many times:    31               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	Anyone have a good idea for a cat name?  I think one syllable names are best-it's easier for a cat to learn to come to a short name.  Here's some helpful information about him:  -the little guy was found on the side of the highway -he's black with a white belly, white armpits, and a tiny white tip on his tail -strangely, one of his favorite things to do is stare at my face, and then creep up slowly until his eyes are looking right into mine.  It's rather unsettling.  Seriously, though, I've hit a mental block on finding a name for him, and I really don't want to keep calling him "Kitty".
1	 i love these kids more than the air i breathe so i gotta represent      www.purevolume.com/thealcovedocumentaryF L      go. listen. enjoy. 
1	Sooo, last night was the long anticipated night of dcfc/pgmg…  And it was a good night… (in chronological order)  + met cool/random people (florida kids, gabe, girl who lives in MA and laughs at the work fuck) + got a pic w/ Jason from PGMG + fell in love w/ Nick DeWitt from PGMG + loved Derek’s maroon CK boxers + loved andrea’s skirt apron + rocked out to all medicated geniuses + ben gibbard rox my world  + I love songs that include f***ing in the back of a car + Chris WaLLLa &lt;33333 + Nick H’s smiley face and hearts on my poster &lt;3  &lt;3 + signed merch from Chris WaLLa, Nick H., and Andrea
1	 Wednesday is gonna ROCK. Beyond words, my friend...beyond words. The Ring 2 is going to be awesome as well.  And I pretty much get to relax tomorrow. I'm really sad though, I'm QUICKLY running out of Family Guy to watch. Need Futurama and South Park from Austin. I'll get em eventually.  GIVE IT UP FOR FUTURAMA! w00t!  lol I'm so alone...  And...I forgive you! (you  also  know who you are) I have always thought of you as one of my best friends, and I really hope we can work whatever it is out, and start anew. 
1	We had a great time tonight.   I admit that I was kind of expecting amateur night, and I mostly went because it's a Common Ground fundraiser thing, but it ended up being really, really good. We laughed a lot, and I got to get to know the_surfacer a little better, which was a pleasure.   My sweetie will be here tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!
1	I'm sure some of you already know this, but the Pixies are getting back together!!!!!  They're touring next April!  Even if I'm lying on my deathbed, I'll be there!!! LOL.
1	Whow! Wer're at lowlands, it's raining so badly, tnx god there's internet, Tom is here as well!!! Because of the rain it's been horribly cold tonight... this night will be better, the three of us.  We've seen: Keane, N*E*R*D....  will get more... ;p
0	I went to publix today and stepped on the scale, and this was my fortune.   You've gained 25 lbs since Christmas. Go on a diet!   Okay, the scale didn't actually say THAT, but that's what I heard.  I blame the fact that I've stopped cooking entirely.  It's a lot easier to look at your freezer and say "I want to eat 2 hamburgers" than it is to look at Checkers' menu and say, "Screw the 2 double cheeseburger for $3 deal, and I don't want fries anyway."  At least I got a haircut, that went okay.
1	MMMMM...this one is extra special. Hey, did you just throw something at me?? You asshole. So I'm in fallbrook and I wish that I had a hot body cuz boy you have no idea what I would do to you. Thanks for the taco baby. I think I'm gonna go make my fat ass another one. Hope thats okay. I wonder if your mom was jealous when she saw my boobs this morning? Hmm...you never know these things. Well, I'm sure your grandma was when she saw them, but your mom is pretty hot. Dude, she has a better body then me. OMG! I'm jealous.  So anywho, I miss Gavin DAMMIT! But rumor has it that Mason is coming down this weekend. And since Gavin has a tendancy to forget I gave my number to Mason so that HE WONT FORGET to call me and hang out. Fuckin' Gavin, way to be like not hanging out n stuff. Okay, more taco time.  Peace out NIGGERS!  Ps...gavin think about why I'm listening to what I'm listening to. :(  Miss you 
0	 I'm in need of a confidence booster when it comes to my writing, so if you guys could read my stories and poems then let me know what you think I'd greatly appreciate it. You can reply here or on the website. Either way works.     Fanfiction      Original Works     OHHH and while I'm thinking about it check out this  site . This guy freaking rocks!!! 
0	Well I said some 'goodbyes' at work today - to people who won't be there on Friday.  It was so sad.  I got a prezzie (yeay!) but nearly cried (doh!) and it wasn't even my last days, wasn't even proper goodbyes.  It's funny, I've been there...nine months, or there abouts (since October anyway), which is totally the longest I've worked anywhere.  And I really enjoyed it there too, so the next two days will be fairly sad me thinks, though of course I'm excited (re terrified) about starting uni again.  Side note, Xander (Nic Brendon) will be at Collectormania 6.  Milton Keynes here I come!
0	Mors in vita,Vita in mors.  I fell alone and nobody is in home.Tell me a good reason to stay alive,give me illusions or help me to help myself.HELP ME TO LIVE...OR HELP ME TO DIE.
1	The Yankees have become the biggest chokers in postseason baseball history.  And it's a beautiful thing.  Go Red Sox.
0	I hate it when you wake up with a heavy heart just because you've been having horrible nightmares all night long and crying through most of them in your dreams.      *sigh*
0	Ray confessed. Thank you for confessing.  However, I'm through with this. It's OVER. There will be no more drama or anything of that sort pertaining to this because everything has been said and done. There will be no more.  I do regret to take both of you, jason and ray, off my friends list. You both should have seen it coming with all of this. I'm not going to hate either of you or anything of that sort but now I know that I can't trust you, and therefore will not have you read anything of mine on here from now on. If you want to be civil and continue atleast with distant friendships, that's fine. If you still want to be considered a friend with mine I encourage it. But if you don't want anything to do with me, then that's all right as well.  And Elisabeth, did you have any part in this? It's terrible to assume that you did if you haven't, but considering how you're ray's wife and I'm sure you'd side with jason instead of me since you've known him longer, I have to ask it.
1	 ok, so in celebration of my 18th birthday, i want to do something.&nbsp; and because my parents wont pay for anything, options are limited.    so here's my plan....     Wednesday, February 23  (the wed. over Feb. vaca) i want to go out to  lunch  with all my friends.&nbsp; I was thinking the  Cheesecake Factory  at  Providence Place .&nbsp; We could all  meet at my house around 11 , then carpool there.&nbsp; I want to make a  reservation for 12:30. &nbsp; The only sad part is that everyone has to  pay for themselves  cause my parents are being cheap.&nbsp; But anyone is welcome so if you want to come just comment or talk to me in person so i can make the reservation.&nbsp; The more the better! 
1	OMG i when to the Daran Daran concert last night and it was so awesome!!!!!!!!a big thx to my sis for taking me :D   Nick is soooooooooooo hott *drools*
1	 I finished taking all the photos of corals I should need in my thesis.&nbsp; Now I am digitally cutting the corals out of the pictures and altering the contrast, brighness etc, to make them look good.&nbsp; As I finish each one I insert it into a Plate in my Systematics Word document.  So far&nbsp; I&nbsp; have finished the plates for 2 species.  Tomorrow I will have a full day of making plates.         I have also noted that there is a new  Raymondo Person  out.&nbsp; Yay Patrick! 
0	*has been asked to help clean up after party*  *collects dishes, sweeps confetti, helps stewards wake passed out partiers. Hears about the Phlox, MACO rock act.*  *nods to what must be a still costumed partier with really big ears, told it's Quark.*  *sighs as she continues cleaning*
1	 mewimakittie is officially dead.  Her newest embodiment will be that of foreverburgundy.   For people that just don't get it:  http://www.livejournal.com/users/foreve rburgundy 
1	I got to thinking about how many shows I watch too when I read Caits journal:  LOST: This is a MUST watch series. There are surprises every time. And then there is Jack. *sigh*  Charmed: The series is getting stranger and stranger, but I´m a sucker for Leo.LOL  Desperate Housewives: This one I´m really getting sucked in to!  Gilmore Girls: Love the connection between Lorelai & Rory. Oh and my absolute fav Sookie.  One Tree Hill: Moira Kelly, love her & Chad Michael Murray *sigh*  SeaQuest DSV: This one turned out great in the beginning, but then lost track.....  Seven Days: Great characters, especially Frank & Olga.  Stargate Atlantis: LOVE the plot, love the characters, love everything exept...... can they make new episodes FASTER?!?! LOL  Stargate SG-1: They only aired season 1 here in Sweden, so its fun to finally see what happends...
1	So, I had to drive LuLu to the airport.  And because I can, I got myself a (free) ticket (:-p) so I could get through security.  I waited with her until her plane came a couple of hours later.  And, we sat and talked... and did a couple of these quotation puzzles... and then as she was about to board, I went to wave good bye, thinking that's what she'd want... and she leaned in and hugged me! :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)!!!!!!!!
1	Make friends with your past...  And you can leave it at last...  I might be starting a whole new LJ.  Who's interested?
1	sex is a big deal to people. not to me. i dont care if i ever have sex. it would not make my life any different. it wont change me or make me a new person. im not going to worry about it or anything like that. becuz i do not need it to make me happy.
1	This is the best musical idea ever. Trust me on this.   A whole album. For free. Get it!   Try and guess who the vocalist is :D
1	Hey everyone. Happy Holidays!   I'm having a pretty good winter break, and I hope you are too. The only complaint that I have is that I'm starting to understand those doctors who refuse to give medical advice to their friends and family. I've spent hours at every house I've gone to this winter (including my parents') fixing computer problems. It's getting a little tiresome. Any particular instance of computer help is fine, it's that I have to do it over and over and over. Other than that, though, everythings good.   Nathen
1	I should be doing homework. Or practicing my katas, or hey, even reading up on my karate history. But you know what? NO! Ahahahahhaha. :D:D:D:D:D I am, in fact, insanely happy right now. I'm supposed to be at school right now, on some pansyass advisor group fieldtrip. Excuse me, but FUCK THAT. :D I would've been bowling. All. Day. So, no. Thus, I got up at about 2:30, ate, came on, and now am doing what I've been needing for atleast afew months. Roleplaying.*sighs contentedly* With whom? Guess. :D:D:D:D:D Woooo. So HAPPY now. ^-^ Ok. Ok. I'm ok.*coughs*  So peoples got belts. :D:D:D Amanda and Colin both got orange. Wootah. :D   Am plotting. &gt;:D Liekwoah. Jeanne says she doesn't have many DvDs... Oh, yeah, and she really likes ketchup chips... Guess the place ketchup chips are in every single store? :D!  Woota. So, so happy..  &lt;3 all, ~Chels  P.S. I won't say 'I'll try to update more..' because, truth be told, I probably won't be able to. But I'll update whenever I can. 
1	*whimper whimper whimper* I MISS JOHN! *whimper* I EVEN MISS DANIELLE, EVEN THOUGH SHE WANTS TO KIDNAP ME AND TURN ME INTO DEAD DOGGIE PARTS. *whimper* I HAVE NO ALPO! WHAAAA!  WAIT, I DO HAVE ALPO! YES! YAY ALPO! YAYYYY!  If a can of alpo is alone in the middle of the forest, does it still taste beefy?  YEAH! YAY! YES IT DOES! *whooF* YAY TO BEEF! YAYYYYYYYY!  -TARGET DOG!!!
1	Just seen the trailer for Farscape - The Peacekeeper Wars.  It looks fantastic and it starts on Sunday.  Yippee!!!!!
1	Last Week:  Start: 242 Lost: 9.6 To Go: 55.4  This Week:  Start: 242 Lost: 14 To Go: 51
1	SO Darrel and I are in SF  And I have to update my LJ before I forget to mention that:  *We met Zoe who bought us drinks and took us to a mansion and D went in the hot tub but I didn't because I was drunk but I drank sparkling water and played with the puppies.  He said inappropriate yet complimentary false things about my womanhood.  But it's okay, because he digs men.  *But at the Cynth I DID call Chris C because I miss being friends with him because he's so rad and me and D tried to get him to hang out..  but he didn't answer his phone.  But he DID yesterday when he was in LA, and maybe he'll call, who knows?    *At the Big Foot I called Devin &lt;3 because he's Devin and because I "poke" him, Alena, and Mark on the facebook all the time because I miss my scrippies.  LOVE AND XOXO, Kat!
0	A friend of mine sent me a few links with updates for some upcoming sequels for some PS2 games.   Ratchet: Deadlocked   Sly 3: Honor Among Thieves   Jak X: Combat Racing   The new Jak game's genre doesn't surprise me.  They went through a lot of work to make the few race missions in Jak II and Jak III, I figured they'd make a standalone racing game sometime.  Sly 3 looks like more of the same, which is completely fine with me.  I'm worried about the multiplayer, though.  Give me a goddamn break.  Not every game has to have multiplayer, you know!  The new Ratchet (sans Clank) game looks like they were so giddy over the apparent success of the multiplayer from Ratchet and Clank: Up Your Arsenal, that they made a totally multiplayer game and threw in some single-player stuff for those of us without friends.  This alarming trend to make everything multiplayer and online compatible is very disturbing to me.
0	 Im dressed and ready to go......if only i had sumwhere to go......&nbsp;&nbsp; : ( 
0	Im waiting for cait.. i try to call her cell while shes coming dwn here, but her cellphone is off. *shrugs* Wel got the doc results, i have  Lateral Patella Instabily, which is my quad muscles havent caught up wit hthe growth on my legs, allthough my legs are decently thick.. and its causing the kneecap to become offtrack, which the knecap is grinding on my thighbone whenever it moves. And i also have developed Osteorthritis, or arthritis in the knee. on both) *sighs* oh well.. i got ant-inflamintories for it.. doubt they will hlp. Goodnight all!
1	yup, yup, yup. tommorrow is my birthday, i can now legally buy alcohol. thats about the only thing thats new. i'm not really expecting a present from peach though. we just got our jobs and are BROKE. that kinda sucks, but oh well. last year he got me a monkey and a cake. he had just got off work and his brother was supposed to pull around to the side of the house so he could get it out. he left. peach kept trying to stall until i got all upset thinking i got nothing. then he told me my present got taken to angie's house. it was so fucking funny.
1	i am feeling great today.. and i am working on getting over you day by day.. minute by minute. in fact, each second that goes by, i find myself able to let you go more and more..
1	TJMC completely rocks my  black  socks! That was awesome guys. I'm so proud! Best Percussion, Woowinds, Brass - that rocked! As Stephen, Beth and I decided, "We kicked some serious ass." LBKA was so true last night!
0	&lt;33 my poppop died on jan 25.1998 today is his 4th year since his death..i love him so0o much n i miss him a whole lot.. i hope i will see his face again.. i always think about him every single day.. if my gurls wheren't here i don't know where i would be seriously i wouldn't be able to make it through with out my family either.. i love them all.. n my gurls my 3 favorite gurls in the world that always been here for me   TorI Lauryn n liddy  thanks gurls so0oo0 much i am happy to have bestfriends like yous   pOp poP RIP 1-25-98  i LoVe YA!!!   i am a lil depressed but i am gonna live.. my pop pop taught me all about life n to move on he will always be in my heart..!!!! LoVe YA aLl   *CoLe*
1	i dont know how many people of you have heard of ill mitch, but hes the russian rap prodigy check him out... hes a looker.  www.illmitch.com  you can even download his stuff off kazaa
0	no me lo vas a creer. pero ya casi te estoy olvidando...  ya no estas en el aire que respiro. y en la soledad que amanese junto a mi. ya no estas escondido en mis cancniones y el recuerdo de tu amor tambien ullo de mi. ya no sueño con volverte a ver. hasta solo ya me acostumbre. ya no me afecta que no estes conmigo. ya no te extrano tan solo sigo vivo.  estoy a punto de olvidarte para siempre de escapar de tus recuerdos. mis ojos por ti estan dejando de llorar. ya no te busco ya no intento encontrarte. estoy a punto de olvidarte solo falta dejarte de amar.  -------no me lo creiste
1	 if i could walk around all day in matching underwear and tank tops, i would. because i feel cute in them.    i like to match.    oh! i officially have the awesomest, neatest, coolest, (coughcutestcough) homecoming date ever.    this weekend is going to rock. i cant wait.    im very excited!!!!    i still need shoes.     (!!!!). 
0	well i havent been around much to update... so sorry for that  recent events in my life make me conclude... im hopeless im no one im not amouting to much im not 'being all i can be' im shit im going nowhere and to top it off i think that someone&lt;3 thinks im a noone *true that*  i finding myself seeing my flaws over what i have thats good... i know the good it there... im afraid to bring it out. i cant even stand being myself anymore.  i need to find a way out into where no one can find me im gonna die and you cant stop destiny find out where the 9mm is cuz ill blast a hole in the sky and i show you what it like to see the blood when you cry
1	i bought new makeup today... that makes me happy and i got lots of free samples. i love department stores  im trying to think of all the different ways of saying someone is drunk. ive got trashed tanked sloshed plastered hammered shitfaced... uh  blotto. gone... done.  anymore? and not something you just made up. or only 3 people say.  we also bought cricket food called Gut Loader. how gross is that? i mean honestly. YUCK
0	     lest we forget    rememberance day always makes me sad...i am so grateful we are not going thru this. scary to think at that time&nbsp;i would be cut off from my friends and everything because i am japanese.... 
0	damn the final episode of the real world.  it reminds me of my own sad goodbyes.    "It's like the most amazing sunset you've ever seen There's never another quite the same It just falls into some deep eternal sea Like the end of a movie that makes you cry You're sad when it's over but you're glad you had That moment that moved you deep inside"  ohhhhhhhh how sad:(
1	Hey hey!  Im waiting for Sarah to get here to take me to the Spalding Welcome back dance! Im excited!!! its gona rox! Ryan thinks im a sissy for going to a catloic school dance but poo on him! :P He is just jealous cuz he cant come! Ok so last night was amazing! We went to the football game(Sarah M and I that is) and guess who was there...Ryan and Eriyn and Brittany! And Mike was playing. It was fun really! Then afterward i went to the 5th quarter! Ok its a party sponsored by the football players. And only the football players friends are aloud! (Mikes my best bud) So i REALLY his it off with Ryan. We like danced alot together. I really like him! anyways it was fun! I cant wait for tonight! its gona rox! ttyl!
1	Envy me my friends.  In ten hours i will be enroute to Jamaica, where i will frolick for five days in sand and surf thanks to the generosity of my uncle.  I finished my major research paper with one hour to spare--just enough time to head to Old Navy and buy my brother the shorts he only just realized that he needed before snabe showed up for lunch and airport transportation.  I am, amazingly enough, happy with the paper--but we'll see how the IR facult takes it when i present it next month.  Anyway, i left all my work in columbus, and have only one of Dan Brown's novels, the new Sylvia Browne book, and my knitting to keep me entertained on the plane.  Brain, officially turn off. Its time for vacation!!!  Descriptions and pics to follow next week when i return...
1	Thanks both to       shireling76    for mentioning flickr and to       ms_alis    for posting detailed instructions on how to make it work, the last entry was my very first try at putting a photo into my lj!  Yay!!!!  So next I'll have to throw in a photo of Artemis, so all three cats have their moment in the spotlight :&gt;)
1	O.A.R. concert tonight!!! Updates tomorrow! Good day and Godbless :)
1	Aww, Jeremy came over tonight, I wasn't home though. He told my brother to tell me to call him when I got home, so I did. And, ahh.. he makes me so happy.
1	tee hee! just read over my last entry, and i just had to mention that i failed as a vegan!! whoops! i lasted about a week. pssht.  8 days till we leave for bangkok... i am stressin, excited, and stressin some more. eeeek!
1	I think I will go to the art museum today, since someone at work was telling me that it is free on sunday mornings!
0	I feel pretty good.  I was actually social tonight (played poker with Beau and a bunch of SGA people).  I took care of a lot of stuff this week.  All in all the week was a success.  However, my house is absolutely disgusting, and I dread cleaning it tomorrow.  I have a paper to write and a thesis proposal to update.  Worst of all, I have barely spoken to my boyfriend in a week.  FROWNS.  My poor baby is at work all stressed out and probably won't get to leave until the Pope dies.  I wish there was something I could do.  Going to bed soon.  I'm having cramps (the no-baby variety  FINALLY).
0	What the fuck is going on...About to have thigns turn to for the better..but then I fucked it up again. and not only did it undo the possibility of mending something..it broke two others int he process..although I managed to strengthen a bond with someone I really do have a lot in common with..and someone I can really talk to about things..it still hurts..I want to be who I was..and not who I am.  It is not my intent to be mean..and I don't even realize I am..but the huge majority of people say I am so I am inclined to believe them..I've lost so much
1	well hello kids. Rachel`s over. :) yay. she makes me so happy. god i love her so much. today at school, there was this fight between this gay kid and this getto kid. it was so funny because the gay kid beat the living shit out of the getto one! hahahaha! seriously, i couldda crapped my pants! i talked to the gay kid, hell i don`t remember his name, and he said it was because the getto one called him a fag or something, but holy shit! IT WAS SO FUNNY. god, gay people are hilarious.  me and Rachel are watching some movie about the apocolypse. crazy shit. i don`t really believe in that shit because it seems so unreal. come on, like the devil is real. fuck   WEEKEND BABY. so happy! haha rachels going on now, bye bye
0	I fucked shit up.again. i didnt mean to... it was a mistake... Like many i have made. I feel horrible... it was wrong. If i could take it back... i would in a hearbeat. I deserve that silence i guess... i guess what im trying to say is im sorry... I cant stop crying about it. I suck. i wish someone would talk to me...  So yeah. The only reason i would be happy is craig.. and that melindas comming over tomorrow...  
0	I just submitted an Op-Ed to the Washington Post.  Let's hope that they actually accept it.  It was plenty wordy, but I believe that I stayed within their 600-800 word limit.  If it gets accepted, I shall let everyone know.
0	 I did have this big plan to better myself, but I've probably buggerated it already, when I made it up this morning. I should just stay with the facts - I can't keep to anything. :(   - b.k. x  
1	 I just found my brand new spank cyber pockets at my dads. Now the strange thing is that I mail ordered them&nbsp;about a year ago and they never arrived, which means they arrived here after I moved out and I was never told.     YAY    I am a very happy bunny.    Plus I have another interview on teusday which is good.    &nbsp;    Matte.Black 
0	&hearts;: Comment &hearts;: Credit       &clubs;The Ring &clubs;Jake Gyllenhaal &clubs;Day After Tomorrow &clubs;Road        The Ring 01  02  03  04  05   Jake Gyllenhaal 06  07   Day After Tomorrow 08  09   Road 10   This happens to only be about half or a little under half of a batch of icons.  I'll probably post the rest late tomorrow. 
0	    Lullaby, my little cat, Lord of Mouse and Knave of Bat. Hail, Mischief, full of grace, who did lately love this place.  Lullaby, your crescent claws,  in the chambers of your paws, which you sharpen day and night, keeping all my kettles bright.  Lullaby, your pebbled tongue. Keep my velvets ever young. Keep my slippers ever slick with the patience of a lick.  Lullaby, your lively tail. Never have I seen it fail, spirits gone and revels done,  to point the quickest highway home.  Eternal life, eternal death hang on our Creator's breath. LIttle tiger in God's eye, remember Biddy's lullaby.   From "The Ballad of Biddy Early," by Nancy Willard 
1	YAY i come home today! i'll be home around 7:30, sooooooo if call me if you want to chizzle sons.  also....   does anyone else want to go see echo and the bunnymen? either show? i really want to go. i know teejers is interested and maybe wes, so whatever maing. i need a good concert.  ewwwwww. in my head all i can hear is bits of verdi's "dies irae", then somehow that blends into that god damn stupid always commerical (ya know, the one where the stupid lady sings..,"i love cotton!..i love always!". GET IT OUT. this is beyond retarded. i usually have weird musical combinations stuck in my head but that is just.............DISGUSTING. blah.  this is random and im sure that no one will know what the hell im talking about but...here it goes:   people need to shut their pieholes. that is all!  but YAY!
1	   See what that is?  That's what you think it is!  :D
1	 There's only 7 pictures left.                       Angel!              Taboo ^^^              A really good. This was on his birthday, too.    Now I have to go print all these out. Funfunfun...(no, really, it is!)    :-) 
1	although there was no bright eyes, the night was sweet regardless.  where are you going? wherever you are.  i was sad when we parted ways, but i know it was the best decision.  i don't know where things between us are headed, but right now they're good.   detroit charrette weekend.  4 days. close quarters. time for shows. time for something to happen.  EDIT: i talked to you for ~20 minutes on the phone tonite. this is pretty amazing, since i HATE talking on the phone. i think i'll have to think about this one.
1	"Hi Mary, I got my wings today; Ha, they are great!!! Boy what a surprise to get them so fast, thank-you very much. I will be doing furture buisness with you. I have also passed your web sight on to my boss.     thanks again -marlene" "I got my wings this afternoon.  Thank You So Much! They are BEAUTIFUL!! I love your work. Thanks So much ~lizi"
1	Saw PoA yesterday.  Won't post anything spoilery, cept to say that I nearly squeeed and yelped my head off when they first cut to the Leaky Cauldron.  There, sitting right in the front of the shot, was the  lead singer of my all time favourite band.   I'm sure I'm the only one in the cinema who spotted him.  Very cool.  Very jealous that Dan Radcliffe no doubt got to meet him.
0	         You Are 24 Years Old           &nbsp;   &nbsp; 24&nbsp;         Under 12: You are a kid at heart. You still have an optimistic life view - and you look at the world with awe.  13-19: You are a teenager at heart. You question authority and are still trying to find your place in this world.  20-29: You are a twentysomething at heart. You feel excited about what's to come... love, work, and new experiences.  30-39: You are a thirtysomething at heart. You've had a taste of success and true love, but you want more!  40+: You are a mature adult. You've been through most of the ups and downs of life already. Now you get to sit back and relax.          What Age Do You Act?   
1	Dan's sister got the job, so she's here again, looking for a place to live.  She found a house to rent, and is down there now, hopefully signing all the papers.  If all works out, she'll be moving in a month or so.  We went to dinner last night at the Mongolian BBQ restaurant.  Yum!  I've been to quite a few Mongolian bbq restaurants over the years, and most of them are sort of dives, although very tasty.  This place--totally different.  It's a yuppified version.  Full bar, loud music, and the sauces include things like buffalo, fajita, red wine, and lemon, in addtion to the usual Asian-influenced (soy, teriyaki).    Nothing much planned for the weekend, although I suspect yardwork is in my future.  It should be a nice weekend for it, though.
1	     My Happy-Happy-Mega-Update of Happy Day!!!     Ok guyses you better celebrate happy day!!   1-Its SPRING 2-The words are links to happy pages of wonderfulness. 3- LEAVE HAPPY COMMENTS/PICTURES             Smile!                Cute fuzzy Bears!         
1	we've picked a leaving date.  june 7th.   69 days from today, i'll be in the air on the way to ireland.   i need to apply soon so that i know if i've been accepted, so that i can not worry about registering for classes and housing.   69 days.  holy wow.
1	Heeeeeeey! woah! I'm in a so good mood after work for the second time haha!  Today at work my bos was like "you have worked really hard so you'll get a CD for free, witch ever you want' And I was likw "AAAAAAHH MICHAEL!!!" :D It's old songs from like J5 and stuff. He has such an amazing voice, and I will always be a fan (I have been since I was like 2 years old) no matter what. His music had helped me so much, God knows that :)  Well me and my brother just ate hamburgers, soo good :) I love 'em. But yeah, my brother would make me laugh all the time haha! We had fun and my mom was like "HEY! I can't hear him in the phone!" haha and I started laughing again :P  Well, I'm just gonna be online now and take it easy and then go and clean my room. See ya later aligator :P
1	If I could tell the world What I feel right now I'd have to tell them All my inner secrets I'd have to tell tham That nothing is as seems I'd have to tell them My thoughts of fear, My thoughts of helplessness I'd have to tell them That I've never felt it before I'd have to tell them  Where ive been, Where ive come I'd have to tell them Something that cannot Be simply put into words I'd have to tell them What i feel for you.
0	I have just arrived home....three hours ago..... Im dead tired but I gotta work and go to class  Here's to my return *drinks sake* :D and here's to me surving this stressful week of me getting back to my normal everyday activites.....  I felt a sharp emotional pain though when I left home for a 2nd time...like something was holding me back and begging me to stay....gah oh well regardless, I sure am gonna miss home :(
1	      michellemybell    and I have started the great housecleaning odyssey.  We discovered that the hutch out behind the kitchen was full of a great many useless things.  Mostly plastic bags and empty boxes.  Now, the hutch can be home to many useful-but-not-everyday things, and we can have room in the kitchen.  Very, very exciting; at least if you're us.  We may be mostly offline until we're done, probably Tuesday late afternoon.  Whee!
1	u guys kno whatWERE ALL GOIN TO DIE WHILE WERE SLEEPIN WHEN THE HURRICANE COMES AND KILLS US ALL thats not cool tho i dont wanna die then iw ont see all ym friend and say byebye to my family
0	People are so damn fake!  I really do try to be nice to people and get pushed away like a fucking pile of trash! Whatever, I can do better.  I understand that people have problems in their life, so do I, and when I really want people to care about me, they will, and I accept that.    Too many people are putting up a total front to me at first.  It disappoints me every single time I meet someone, and they treat me absolutely perfect for a couple of days, and all of a sudden it stops...with no explanation.  I really do want to be there for most people, but when I get responses showing these people obviously don't care that I want to be there for them, then I give up.  I am not putting myself through hell anymore, I've been through enough.
1	w00t leaving for mexico in about half an hour.....i won't have my cell phone with me, so leave me messages or whatever so i have cool stuff to listen to when i get back home. Wish all of us luck on our projects!  --matt
0	i had a stupid day today...and it is getting to be longer... i feel like i should just go and hangout and do other shit b/c i think that our date isn't gonna start till hella late..... and i feel like im going to be waiting forever...... this sucks......... im hungary..... i need to take a shower and get ready but that won't take long.... maybe we should make it another day.......... whatever....i will get ready and watch a movie and probably fall asleep b/c i got shitty sleep........ im not bitching about anyone or anything in particular....im just being depressed and lonely.... i need lovings
0	My life is a joke... I hope someone finds humor in it... 'cause I can't... fuck it
1	Am Vilamans FREIND an 'elp 'im wik TELLYPORT! Tis impootant task an am so proud hee!    http://pics.livejournal.com/snowgrouse/p ic/0003gyax   [Wiggles bum] Wil wake Vilaman up wen e's had guud rest.
1	Dear relevant people on my flist:        roehampton     You know it makes sense. It even seems to contain people who like things like spelling and punctuation and grammar and lack of netspeak, even though they are crazy people on the internet! Unlike the RSU forums, which are full of netspeak and are intimidating and make me sad :(
1	      slow_mo_panda    - thank you SO much for calling me! It's a great ending to my day. :-)  *hugs you*
1	ashley and josh sitting in a tree doing (what id rather not think about:-P)  ah there together now!!! hope everything is going fine and dandy can't waitt ill she rings me when she gets home... oooh this is so exciting and im only the best friend eek what must she be going through
1	My wonderful hubby and I are going to Busch Gardens tomorrow!!!!   WooHoo....
0	I am really starting to feel really lonely again.  I know I shouldn't but I feel like I am getting used to being alone again and not being loved AGAIN. I talked to Chris the other day and I know it may just be me jumping to conclusions like I usually do but I am pretty much giving up hope that we are ever going to be together again.  He just seemed so distant on the phone, I just don't hear the love in his voice anymore. Does this mean Im gonna be alone for the rest of my life?  Well this is shitty!
0	1#: Congress  passed  the Bankruptcy Reform Bill.  I don't think there's any question that  Bush  will sign it.   Roll Call   #2: Republicans have  stopped yet another attempt  at revising the Ethics rules.  Apparently you only have to be ethical when you're in the minority party.  #3: The White House is  impeding the investigation  of the Department of Education's hiring of commontator  Armstrong Williams .  #4: Oregon's Supreme Court  invalidated  3,000 same-sex marriages .  #5: My  internet connection has been down  at home and it pisses me off.  #6: IRS said to be  denying  FOIA request 
1	If you read this, even if i don't speak to you often, post a memory of me. it can be anything you want, it can be good or bad just so long as it happened. then, post this to your journal. see what people remember about you.    alright so anyways got my "new" car yesterday, drove to alabama to get the thing, its tight its a white 1988 Buick LeSaber Custom, with a velvety red color interior, everythings electric to, so thats very nice. And hmm, well yeah so ill be driving that around now instead of the truck within the next few days, should have some pics of it just incase you dont get to see it, they should be coming soon.
1	  HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO:        Miss Kaylynn Miller    AND         Miss Kristen Rockstroh .       16 and 18 are awesome ages to&nbsp;turn I wish you both the best day ever today and every day! I love you girls.  
0	jeffs on campus, what's the story? rumor has it that gramps is not okay? :(   edit : professor norton starr confirms that gramps died yesterday afternoon around 2:30 pm. he has a lovely elegy up for gramps on his  .plan .  *sigh*   http://www.amherst.edu/memoriam/keyes.h tm 
1	1. Hip-hop class was fun, and less diabolical than previous times.  Easier steps, and no stretching exercises that have been banned by the Geneva Convention.  Amy keeps giving me big complements, which still stumps me.  2. Trying to watch the diet a little more.  My big step: no fast food hamburgers.  That's a pathetic as hell goal, but I never claimed to be a strong person.  If nothing else, I've now learned to avoid the chicken philly sandwich at Charley's.  Bleh.  It managed to be incredibly dry and incredibly sloppy at the same time.  3. Tons and tons of April Fool's jokes on the 'net today.  Weird.  I don't remember there being half this many last year.  To be honest, I have to say I was getting pretty tired of them.  Maybe I'm just too much of a sucker.  4. Left my Ms. Pac-Man joystick game on last night, and wore out the batteries.  Ugh.  No more video crack until further notice.  5. Going to go see a late matinee of  Sin City .  I'm pretty pumped.
1	I have AIM.  My name thingy is "yay caranthir"  Yay!
0	This is ABSOLUTELY how I feel at the moment...so stupid, so very stupid and used...I hate this more than words can say  Sarah McLachlan  Stupid    Night lift up the shades let in the brilliant light of morning but steady there now for I am weak and starving for mercy sleep has left me alone to carry the weight of unravelling where we went wrong it's all I can do to hang on to keep me from falling into old familiar shoes  [Chorus:]  how stupid could I be a simpleton could see that you're no good for me but you're the only one I see  love has made me a fool it set me on fire and watched as I floundered unable to speak except to cry out and wait for your answer but you come around in your time speaking of fabulous places create an oasis dries up as soon as you're gone you leave me here burning in this desert without you  [Chorus]  everything changes everything falls apart can't stop to feel myself losing control but deep in my senses I know
1	Look at me snazzin new icon that Shannon made for me!!!   ok Goodbye until next Friday!  nue
1	     Love and Sex With Your Friends by dannygrl0129      Username           Sex      Male Female Not Sure HELL, YEAH!       Favorite Color           Love of your life:    opie23      Best sex of your life:    blue_princess      Will make you come 1000 times:    norrus87      Will break your heart:    jimmycakes10      Best Kisser:    webber      Best cuddler:    utterlyinsane      You secretly dream of:    scicluna88m      But this person dreams of you:    princessnpink21      Will handcuff you and screw you silly:    tiny_tam               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	For my friend Bo's birthday (her 30th), we've decided to go on a cruise. We sail out at the end of October, for seven days.  Montego Bay, Jamaica.  Georgetown, Grand Cayman.  Cozumel, Mexico.  Then back into Galveston.   Sigh.   I love living near the coast. No pesky flying -  shudder  - and I finally have a reason to get a passport.  Squee!  Okay, as you were.
1	Well I still have my english paper to write and a lot of chemistry to catch up on - but I don't care.  So far this has been a great day.  I got my last english paper back...and I got an A - ! I am so happy.  I think I can rule the world with that A-.   I have burnt 15 cds from Jerry.  My cd case now consists of half of his cds.  Lauren and Katy and Jerry aren't coming home with me now b/c Lauren had a really bad allergic reaction to penicillin.  I feel really bad for her.  I am going home Saturday afternoon because Ihave a lot of crap to bring home, want to see the fam., and of course, my dub v bitches.  I don't have a lot to say...hmmm oh I'm changing my major because I don't want to end up taking 10 hours of physics b/c thats just lame.  Until next time folks.
1	...when i get excited upon learning that the city dump ("landfill") has a sliding fee scale for pickup loads of garbage, based upon the fullness of the truck's bed. (So i won't feel like i'm wasting money if i just fill the bed of the truck up to the top of the bed.  And more conveniently, my parent's truck (that they've loaned me) has a lid on the bed, and so i don't have to worry about bits of drywall and lumber flying out of the truck on its way to the dump. Yay!  I just wish they were open more than just weekdays, 8:30am - 4pm.  I'm sure everyone can just barely contain their excitment!
1	            Bacardi 151   Congratulations! You're 146 proof, with specific scores in beer (140) , wine (116), and liquor (86).         All right. No more messing around. Your knowledge of alcohol is so high that you have drinking and getting plastered down to a science. Sure, you could get wasted drinking beer, but who needs all those trips to the bathroom? You head straight for the bar and pick up that which is most efficient.                              My test tracked 4 variables How you compared to other people  your age and gender :                                      You scored higher than  91%  on  proof                                  You scored higher than  99%  on  beer index                                  You scored higher than  96%  on  wine index                                  You scored higher than  94%  on  liquor index              Link:  The Alcohol Knowledge Test  written by  hoppersplit  on  Ok Cupid    
0	just watched "While You Were Sleeping" and now i'm holding back tears  i wish somebody would love me like that again  it's shitty, and my abnormal psych teach would be pissed cuz we just talked about this today  but tonight i'm self medicating.   yay for my psycologist Dr. Captain Morgan  weee.
1	I managed to catch an episode of the new Doctor Who series. I'll skip over the fact that they went back in time, as this isn't possible. Although he is a Timelord, so it might be feasible for him. Hmmmm.   The dead were coming back to life and they also met Charles Dickens. Charles Dickens also had the best line of the episode:    "What the Shakespeare is going on?"    Hahahahaha! Well it made me laugh!   Have The Daleks, The Cybermen or The Master made an appearance yet? I'm not sure about Christopher Ecclestone and Billie Piper, but it was rather entertaining.  Next week:   Big Ben destroyed as a UFO crash lands in London!   Ooooooooooh!  Whatever happened to The KLF anyway?
1	So I met this amazing guy that attends ACC.  His name is Daniel...and I guess he's my first boyfriend!  
0	ok everybody, grab your hats: it's the end of the world. hurrah!    no seriously... what the fuck is going on? why does it just get worse and worse?
1	 Today has been so stressful. I quit my job a few hours ago. When I went to talk to my manager he had already left, so i decided to talk to the hot manager. He was so nice and understanding that when i left tears started running down my face. This sounds pretty lame. lol but it was so hard to do that. Now my weekends are work free and im gonna live it up. So excited about Christmas! 
0	whyy!?!!?!? WHY OF ALL PPLE ME!?  sob, embarrassment and it broke my proud record.
0	1 bday wish to my parents 3 slices of watermelon 2 slices of honeydew 1 slice of cantelope[sp?] 1 bowl of chocolate/vanille swirl ice cream 1 sour apple 1 glass of water 6 steamed whole lobsters and a heart missing his stringbean. &lt;3  Almost sounds a christmas song eh?
1	OMG - The 13th was my four year anniversary on LJ, and I missed it!!!  Oh, well...HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY, BRIGHTIE'S LJ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  *MWAH!!*  Now, on my way to YOUNGSTOWN, AKA JEN-LAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  W00T!
1	one of the best songs ever!!!  Angel Below  by Underoath   Album : Changing of The Times   you took me over the edge and left me there to fall by myself the word love meant nothing to you i was taken in with your lies and you knew i was too weak to leave but you were wrong you mean nothing to me now every time you think of me i hope your heart dies i have found my true love and you now burn beneath my feet you'll pay for everything you've done if you could die i'd be the one with the gun from this day on i'll write the songs you hate and pray the prayers that drive you away it's time to let the world know how you tried to ruin my life up burn my thoughts of him the virus leaves me
0	Today was Janines sweet 16 and i was getting ready all day.  i put braids in my hair hoping later when i took them out they'd b wavy and nice but it was a disaster. so i actually had to straighten my hair and if i didnt put the braids in it in the first place my hair would have been naturally straight.  anyway it came out fine.   the party was a lot of fun and was full of the best ppl.  i tryed to dance but im not very good.  and incase u didnt know chinese DOUGHNUTS do NOT have WHOLES!!!  they r good but wut kind of non filled doughnut does not have a whole??  neway it was fun but i wish i did more dancing but im an idiot.  after the party lots of ppl went to cold stone and i had no idea they were going and i would have loved to go  :(  no one ever tells me nething till its too late and now im at home and im bored!
1	wow intesting stuff. i know what i want to do with the rest of my life.  im gonna be a fireman!!!!!!!!!! ya!!!!!!!! love ya bye
1	     Who Will You Marry? by Sari     Name          Date    April 5, 2018     Spouse    Al Gore      Price of Wedding    $322,009             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen  !      
1	 Some notes:          I have to type up the latest few pages, but I think may have just crossed 14,000.       Assuming I can get in at least another hour after dinner, maybe two, I'll be crossing 15,000 and maybe even 16,000 ( *crosses fingers* ) tonight.Go me!      Tonight, barring some major disaster, this novel will officially become the longest thing I've ever written, either alone or with someone else.       It will be twice as long as the longest thing I've ever written on my own. (That would be  In The Name of Justice , which is 7,600 words, took me most of  school year to write, and sucks worse than this does.)      Despite the high(ish) word count, the main part of the plot has yet to start. Er.      Jonathan gets all flustered around royalty, apparently. This amuses me. A lot.     
0	too tired to talk i jsut feel like curling up in a ball in my bed and crying for a while i cant take another day or exams or another day or school or another day in a world populated by malesa
1	 Well last night I watched the Royal Rumble, and....... Batista, won the Royal Rumble!!! WORD! I kinda figured that was going to happen, because they started pushing Batista and he was starting to get aggravated with Triple H, so you can tell that he is going to leave Evolution. I think its a good idea, that they take Batista out of the Evolution, and use him right. Boy, I cant wait for WM, Batista better not lay down for Triple H, like the time time, when Shawn Michaels and Triple H were in DX together, they had to wrestle each other, and it wasnt even a match lol...    Well I just wanted to post that   Batista Wins!!!!!            &nbsp;    lol So yeah im happy and that the fact that Vince hurt his knee when he got into the ring, that was hiliraous bc I called it, I said he wasnt gonna be able to slide into the ring bc he is getting old lol..    &nbsp;    Well im eating and gonna go watch some 7th heaven in a lil bit, then RAW.. see-ya    &nbsp; 
0	fun fun fun  one minute im all excited about my 18th next im thinking this could be the worst birthday EVER in the history of all birthdays.  my dad just got taken into hospital again, the day before my birthday and i want him to be ok but i really wish he can be here to spend it with me...:(  hmmmm  laura designed my red nose day t-shirt im excited lol  i feel sick i wish i was made of stone.
1	Heehee, the Duel Disk Lauch thingy is SO gonna rock. ^__^ There's gonna be a ton of people and cameras and reporters and stuff! And 'niisama's Duel Disks are really, really,  really  cool! It's gonna be great!  Though 'niisama doesn't look like he's gonna like it very much. I think he's tried to cancel it a couple of times. &gt;&gt;;;  I just know there are gonna be a bunch of weird girls asking for our autographs, though, so I kinda sympathize. (They always ask if they can touch my hair. o__o;;; Ewww.)  But it's still gonna be really cool! ^_^ I can't wait 'til next Thursday.
0	this is going to be short and to the point. life is a series of unfortunate events shrouded in the illusion of happiness. but when that illusion takes over...it all seems worth it.
0	Wow...! I haven't updated in a frikin year. Well It's all been the same cept yesterday it sucked that stupid party. god. Well the good thing is that I had my test to go for my Blue belt in TKD and I god it =^^= yay! And I still don't know what I'm cosplaying for acen. and it's like 2 months or less away ToT! But yeah everything is the same and boring the only thing that changed is me going on more frequently... 2 times a week :OOOO!!!! holy crapperz leik omg!
1	I made a quiz!!   I made a quiz!!  I made a Quiz for you!  Take my Quiz!  and then  Check out the Scoreboard! 
1	Im so excited for tomorrow.  Im going to watch the election returns with Jess and Sara (two great Democratic gals I met at the gym) and were going to cheer Kerry on to victory!  I cant wait until the       gwb_feed    is dead.
1	The man from the camper dealership called me this morning, he said that our camper came in late yesterday afternoon while he was gone. He's already got his people on it getting it ready for delivery to us which means that we just might have it by Saturday after all :)
1	HAY GUYS  look what I bought from teh  MARS VOLTA E-STORE !    MARS VOLTA POSTER FOR MY ROOM!  not actual size   AND     MARS VOLTA ROLLING PAPERS. LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL I AM SO SXENE IT HURTS.
1	From today's San Francisco Chronicle:    The Iraqi parliament chose Kurdish leader Jalal Talabani as the country's new interim president Wednesday, reaching out to a long-repressed minority and bringing the country closer to its first democratically elected government in 50 years.  Ousted members of the former regime — including toppled leader Saddam Hussein — were to watch the announcement on televisions in their prison cells, Iraqi officials said. It wasn't clear if they would watch it live or on a tape.    So Saddam has to watch one of his hated enemies, against whose people he committed mass murder, become President of Iraq.  As we used to say way back when, "righteous!"  :)
0	I just got a news alert that they have canceled Christmas on the Prado this year! I am so sad about this. I have been going forever, and every year I really look forward to it. :(
1	So, I was poking around on the internet this evening, and swung by a fun site I've long been fond of,  The Underdogs .  While poking around the site, I came across their "Hall of Belated  Fame." I had a lot of fun going through it and remembering some of my  favorite old-school computer games. And then I saw it. There it was.  The Infocom text-adventure game, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the  Galaxy." So, I'm currently playing it again, and loving it. :)      Woot!!!!!!      -MechaGM 
0	Shit.  Hunter S. Thompson died.       The world is down one more entertaining and inspiring man.  I seriously thought the man was invincible or something.  It's gravely disappointing to find out he went out the same way my dad did.
1	Besides paying my mom back for a couple of things, getting a couple of non-urgent maintenance things done for my car, and paying off a few minor bills, I plan on upgrading a couple of things with my computer.  Specifically, the video card and the monitor.  I'm planning on an nVidia 6800 card ($244 at NewEgg) and a 17" Acer LCD monitor ($220 at NewEgg).  This is actually less than I was planning on paying for either of them.  However, as a special treat (and probably a birthday present to myself - May 27!), I'm thinking of getting a Wacom Intuos2 9 x 12 USB tablet.  I just found one for $324.  I think this is workable.  Now I just have to wait impatiently for the tax refund...
1	I got a callback for  The Blue Room !!!! I thought my audition went okayish to wellish so horrah! I got called back for TWO characters, the married woman and the actress. :D I am really excited. I am going to wow their socks off so I can get into this show.   Today I went to the Dunes which is actually right near the boathouse. We (we=Marc, Christina teh roomie and Kim from down the hall) went into their spa/jacuzzi. It was very relaxing and fun. And to come back to such an awesome callback list just makes my day.  I have a race on Saturday but I have no idea what we are doing lol. I heard we are racing in fours but our coach hasn't told us much. I dunno if we are even racing... Eh, doesn't matter that much. I will live either way.
1	Over the last 2 weeks I have spent an exuberant amount of money that should’ve stayed in the bank account towards the next car. However, this money has been well spent. VERY well spent. I got in some of my custom art work today. It took me weeks to find these molded game pieces, shipped from all across the province. I got them custom framed and made to order. They look like sex, no wait – elephant sex. I’m tempted to put up some photos… so tempted – but I’d rather wait a few more months when I finish my apartment so all you can come and see.  Art is almost done. We still have to paint. Then is coffee/end tables and lighting. Maybe a new rug in the kitchen. Then the home theatre system. OMG so much fucking work to be done!
0	O.K. So I don't get ot. Everything in my life is going pretty good, not perfect but good. So why am I so damn sad and tierd. I mean emotional tierd. Why can't I shake myself out of this funk. :( Lately hanging with Steve, Bryan and Mary are the only things that seem to take my mind off of this sadness. I wish it would just go away so I can be happy again.
1	Happy birthday to me! 23 years since I was born. So a little visit from Mother Goose:   Monday's child is fair of face,   Tuesday's child is full of grace,   Wednesday's child is full of woe,   Thursday's child has far to go.   Friday's child is loving and giving,   Saturday's child works hard for a living,   But the child born on the Sabbath Day,   Is fair and wise and good and gay.   I have far to go according to that.
1	i am so happy right now. turnabout was amazing. i retract any previous statements about kevin being a bad dancer, he has proven me delightfully wrong. our outfits were fabulous and we waltzed the night away and danced like crazy people, and then we sped away blaring led zeppelin out the windows of the oldsmobile. i very much needed last night and i am very very grateful to sam for letting me borrow her superb specimen of a boyfriend. i looooove kevin. and i looooove sam. and i looooove everybody right now cause i am h-a-p-p-y.   but i'm still sad cause i miss you moe, and i miss pat too cause i never see you. come the fuck over and pet my fuzzy kittens and we'll watch anchorman.   cause i'm h-a-p-p-y!
0	I have been overcome by sadness. I feel like i'm going to die. This feeling is so depressing..  Plus I'm getting sick. =/
0	 I'm really scared. I mean, I'm absolutely terrified. 
1	Oh, gods, I don't know who the strange hacker person is, but I am in his or her debt!!   I can hardly type... I'm so excited. She's a-- a... ah, happy day! I  knew  that she was special. I could see it in her beautiful eyes. Yes, beautiful, and cold... It all makes sense now.  Wonderful, simply wonderful! To find someone like her here of all places. It was surely destiny!  I love her.  And she's in my suite! All the better. She spoke of me as well. I don't know why she would think I want her rune. I must seek her out and assure her I do not wish to have it.  Thank you strange hacker person! Hahahahahahaha!
1	Well i thought id update while im sitting here waiting for the phone to ring...  Omg no one has any idea how wonderful it feels for my life to be back to normal, Josh is the best thing that has ever happened to me. I love him so much and i dont ever want to lose him again. He means so much to me and you dont have any idea. Ive always wanted for things to be this way and they finally are. No more rude comments left, because he is finally mine and all mine. Anyone who messes with my boyfriend i will have to kill you i love him to much for anything to happen and im way too happy for anyone to ruin this. i fucking hate stupid bitches who try to ruin my happyness....fuck you hoes  And why dont all you emo kids just die...i fucking hate emos!    My birthday is in 15 days!!! i cant wait until i can drive its gonna be crazy...  I LOVE JOSH
1	Hey everybody! You must all come to Mutiny! at the Milk bar 455 Abbott this monday june 30 for the last Mutiny! at Milk. Starting July 9 Mutiny! will be on wednesdays at Suite 801, (formerly the Elemant Sound Lounge). The address is 801 Georgia and the entrance is on Howe street.
0	Welcome to another four years of being the laughing stock of the world. Do you think they will ever do away w/ the electoral college? Can't the guy with the most over all votes just WIN like in a TRUE democracy? Yes, I know Bush won the popular vote so I am not arguing this to change the outcome of the race....I just think we'd all look a little less stupid to the rest of the universe and have a lot less to dipsute if we didn't elect people based on the electoral college. I bet there are many voters who don't even understand the electoral college. Ok...that's my political rant for the day.   Man am I tired.
1	I spent the afternoon with Bridgit, it was fun to see  her again, but it seemed kinda short too.   Sam, tomorrow works great, whenever, after 11 it should be fine.  For those that know me well, my problem that I've been having has finally resolved itself fully, and I don't need to worry about it anymore, so it is a happy day for me!!
1	well I done did it.  This ones for you doc...          its hard to tell in the pics, but the fist and peyote bud have black outlining all the way around. it looks awesome and really couldnt have asked for any better. I am sublimely happy.   x-posted hstfans, the_good_doc 
1	KJ has been assimilated. I now have a total of five players in my game. Two newbies and one sorta newbie. And it's coming together beautifully! I cannot believe how lucky I got on the characters that were created. I have a real cross-section of the society I've created.  I am so excited! The first game went very well...even if it was slow...it was all about getting the group to click. And boy did it. I had a really good time, and I think the others did too.  And, to end the debate, KJ is all that. :)
0	I've always thought of myself as a pretty romantic guy.  Well, apparently I found out I'm not.  So much for that.
1	this weekend was fun. Friday afternoon a bunch of us watched  Saw . very psychologically weird movie, but i liked it. that night Kevin, Charley and i drank and watched  The Matrix . that was a lot of fun. Saturday Rose, Margie, Kevin, Charley and i went to see  Constantine . i thought it was a pretty good movie. since i have never read the comics it was based off of i have no complaints. then we had our game of D&D. two people didn't show up at first, but then one showed a bit late. we ordered pizza and played for about 6 hours. fun times! the rest of the weekend was filled with playing video games and just hanging out.   today i have to get some work done. i've already done laundry, taken a shower, and did my French homework. all i have left is to read a lot. it shouldn't be too bad.
1	OMG, I actually found the 1st FMA GBA game (Full Metal Alchemist: Stray Rondo) on the internet!  *spaze*  Finally I can play it!    If anyone's interested, you can grab the game & emulator at:  http://www.g-masters.com  You'll need to sign up but whutever, they have nearly every GBA game on emulators so sign up anyway!!!  There is a FAQ/walkthro for the entire FMA game at:  http://gamefaqs.com   If you've watched the anime you kinda know what you need to do but the storyline in the game is suppose to be slightly different from the anime or manga.  But still, the game pretty is cool!  As far as I can tell, with Edward you can perform a ridiculous amount of alchemy and you also get more teammates as you go along in the game (since this a RPG).  Happy gaming!~ (Is currently very amused by the fact that she can watch Ed perform Alchemy again and again XD )
0	 I shouldn't sit at the third floor MC table. No work gets done there.  And me not getting work done is not being with something I love, so  it only makes me feel worse and worried. But if I hole up to work, I'm not  in the social network, and thus have nowhere to go once I am done.   Campus Crusade For Cheese: Looks like I'm the VP Cheddar (aka Treasurer)  for the next term. No problem.   Saw some "Mathnet" episodes from the 80's Square One TV productions. Yes,  it's a take-off on "Dragnet". It's actually remarkably good, but the humour is  so varied and the reasonning examples substantial enough that I'm not sure what  age group it's aimed at.   Got invited to a party at Jim M.'s place. I guess I'm going.
1	i don't think my heart has been this joyful in a very long time.  easter vigil was wonderful... i was so happy to see people get baptised and confirmed, and i love the fact that we all renew our own vows and promises.  i'm about to leave for a late night drive with justin, so i'll make this quick: - i'm glad i decided to continue going to newman.  i think right now, i'll need that community more than ever... especially during the next few months. - today was my two year anniversary and reflecting upon all that's occurred within that time, i think i'm happy with the direction it's going.  on that note - thank you to everyone.  i love you all - God, family, friends... my life has been so blessed.  thank you for being a part of it.
1	hurray! I finished my Knowledge of Language exam this afternoon--- three hours of writing and morphological analysis (though more of the former, of course).  I rather enjoy morphological analysis, actually.  And it's over and done with, which is the most important thing! ok, on to my freshman seminar ppr--- formulate a thesis and reorganize... woohoo.   -Jannie
0	I love the kind of tired you get from worry about too much, getting too little sleep, going to school, then working 8 hours and getting little in the way of gratitude for being the only one in 2 weeks to actually do his job. And from not getting sufficient caffiene since the only available source is coffee which I can't and won't drink.   So want to seriously injure my UI professor. I know I did bad on the midterm. I had two midterms and two assignments due the week after and I was working all the weekend long (it was given on a Friday), so I didn't study as hard as I did. If he had actually marked the midterms fairly, I wouldn't care. I would take my mark, learn from it, and go.  BUT THE FUCKING PROBLEM IS HE DIDN'T MARK THEM FAIR!!  The general conesus in the class has been described as murderous. So hence forth he's now on my other top 10 list.   That is all.
0	i am not easily put off by movies. i can usually find bits and pieces that i like about them and not deem them a complete waste of time. this is very hard to do with 'The Day After Tomorrow." i enjoy that someone used a lot of money and cg to portray the drastic effects that we are causing on the planet, but it was not worth 2 hours of my time.  now i must retire so i can get up early and drive Asrat to work. peace out.
1	Everyone  MUST  go and watch the  Lion King musical . Now.
0	   well today was actually fun...i got to see meghan..actually for the 1st time outside of school..so we cried cuz i wont see her again for a long time...        so basically it was a day of running around n makin out lol well at least for me n joey lol. but yep..now im bored..and im thinking and thinking isnt good....          &nbsp;      im gonna miss u meghan dont leave me!!   
1	GUYS FUCKIN MAYHEM I'VE DECIDED TO GO WHAT ARE WE DOING START THE PLANS NOW UM CAPS LOCK IS STUCK TEAM HOMO YEAH
1	Talked to Juliana on the phone after she came back from the NS. I thought she would be very exhausted because of the life in camp, but to my surprise, she was very very happy and excited about NS. I'm glad that she enjoy her days in NS. She was very looking forward to join the NS 3 months ago and the day when she was allow to came home, she wanted to stay there forever. She is such a lucky girl!
0	So... given that the WYWM fanart contest technically ends tomorrow, a hypothetical question for all of you... is anyone still *planning* to submit stuff? As in, is anyone saying, "Gosh, I'd really like to submit something but I'm so busy and I need a few weeks to finish it" or "Jesus Christ I can't find a working scanner anywhere"? Because I'm tempted to just cancel it altogether. I've only received eight pieces from five people, so... there's not much point in holding it. But if there are a lot of people who just need more time, I could extend the deadline by a couple weeks or longer. Thoughts, anyone?
1	is TOO EARLY to take a first aid class! And it's at the police station. I REALLY hope that mean cop is not there. The one who when I told him about my sex offender neighbor and what the guy was doing and what should I do about it he said, "if it makes you so uncomfortable, move." THAT cop better not be there. Squirrley little meanie. I am soooooooo tired! I slept 10 hours again last night. I have to get up at 7 tomorrow so I have time to go to the HC and (ugh) Starbucks (because it is closest) to the PS.  Hershel cooked excellent pasta in the middle of the night last night. I'm gonna call him the Midnight Chef because he always cooks something yummy late at night. He cooks other yummy things too but he seems more relaxed and happy when he cooks at midnight.   I made a pirate hat and cute pirate slippers outta fleese for my Blythe doll :P
1	owen and abbe are going to cali today im gonna miss em i guess jk i love you abbe lol im going paintballing so if you call me and i dont answer thats why i got to go get ready now   xoxo
1	today,  www.method-media.nl  was fully registered.  Now, I'm busy with the site for it (still)  Check often for updates! ^_^
1	I'm beyond behind in my reading... but I really don't care.  That's the attitude, right!  Oh well, I'm doing alright in all of my classes, so that's what really matters!    I realized last night that I actually could have gone to Mardi Gras, and that makes me a tad sad.  The fact that Mom told me that Ethan saw Toby Keith and Josh Grayson made me more sad.  The fact that he's getting a nice break from school and getting to wear shiny beads made me even more upset.  Oh well, he'll just have to bring me some cool ones.  Tonight, Tyler took Brittany, A-Train, and myself on a Taco Bell run... the combination of signing to the Rejects, a chicken grilled stuffed burrito, and randomly hopping in a car w/ friends and blasting the bass made me realize that this was one of life's great joys.  Warm fuzzies.  Anyway, it's time for me to get back to my anthro homework.
1	whoa.long time i dont update. maybe cuz i never know what to say anymore. wait! wait! i know!!! i love you,Michelle.
0	I was reading an old magazine today and I saw the ad for John Casablancas Modeling and Career Center. I've seen their ad before and I think they might be what I'm looking for. I really want to break out of my shell for good. I want to be confident and positive. I could never be a model, but I want to be happy with who I am. I checked out their website which doesn't show their locations until you send your information. So I sent my name and e-mail and I found out that there aren't any centers in SC. There's one in Atlanta and a couple in NC but that's really too far for me. Sometimes living in SC really sucks.    Also, Happy 38th B-Day to Jay Gordon :)
0	Ummm nothing really has happened here lately.  Got a new phone.  Its pretty cool.  for free haha.  yesterday sucked...only 2 people even said happy valentines to me and only one person gave me a hug.  it sucked.  Umm talked to the lawyer yesterday, found some stuff out that was on my mind.  Worked on my sub box that im building for my 12s that im getting.  Hopefully i can order them soon.  but it probably wont be til next week cause i still gotta get some more stuff but its alright.  im getting 1000 watt audiobahn 12s.  they are pretty nice and they arent that expensive. well thats about it so if you want give me a call or something.  Peace...
1	Today i went to Milan to visit the  Linux World Expo . I was very nice. I met very kind people from RedHat and a lot of managers and tecnicians that share one of my best passions: LINUX. I wear this  tshirt  and i was very cool. Everyone noticed it and started smiling at me. Except people from Debian. So i bought a Debian Tshirt to make them friendlier and it was so. Now i have a new Red Hat Cap, a Debian and a HP tshirt, a mug and a mug warming USB-Tool. I'm very proud of my merchandise-catching day. A very nice english girl from RedHat took a picture of my group posing with red hat original hat. Maybe she is going to send me the picture, so i'll upload it. Unfortunatly my Aikido Hakama was not even available in Bologna, so i have to order it on  bujindesign.com 
1	So finally I have music on my Ipod. After 1 month of idle-ness, it's well worth it. My computer's USB thing was too slow so we had to buy a highspeed one and VOILA i have music on my ipod.   My sister's finally leaving!! w00t. i'm gonna throw a mini party in my room consisting of myself spazzing to my ipod dancing to the fact that I'm an only child again! My parents are sad she's leaving, I'm ECSTACIC. I have found out through analyzing recent events that I have emotional problems. i.e i refuse to hug my sister and freak out and run away when she or my parents try to hug me, the last time I told a family member'I love you' was i can't even remeber maybe at 4? I can't seem to get those words out of my mouth.
0	My you rest in peace Pope John Paul II...         -Master Star
1	      How evil are  you ?      Your: Happy eyes! Your cheerful, bright and always want to try something new. Your inquisitive and quite lovable. You have many friends and will succeed in life.      What type of eyes do you have?     brought to you by  Quizilla       You are Beauty.  You are beautiful, whether it be on the inside, the outside, or both.  People are drawn to you as strongly as you are drawn to the beauty in the world around you.      What Emotion Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	Today was pretty bad.  I had some bad classes, anna wanted to beat up travis.  I felt like anna dosent even like me anymore.  I just want to kill someone (hello travis) ;).  I dont know why i am feeling like this.
0	i get so nostalgic listening to "if you're feeling sinister"  oh belle and sebastian.. how i love you, i'm a nostalgic bitch anyway, anything makes me nostalgic, but its such a good song, and when i think about the lost Belle and Sebastian CD that Heather made for Aman, that i later became addicted to.. its gone..and i'm sad.. so sad
1	Well today started out kinna bad...went to work and then started throwin up. So i went home. Then around 2:45 my moms wakes me up from my sleep to tell me that DirecTV called her for me. THANK GOD im ready to get the hell away from Subway. There is a rumor that the owner is selling the stores. SO i dont know maybe its a good thing. I cant sleep well after the robbery. I  keep seeing the robbery over and over in my head. So now i can work  at dtv again, and not worry about getting robbed and what not. I gotta go back up to hell now i mean subway. So i can close the damn store.
1	I just turned on the tv and Bob's on Crank Yankers using his Droopy voice.
1	Well, the graduation ceremony went smoothly. I got my B.Tech Degree in Language Practice, had my photos taken (which I hope to scan and upload soon), the papers proving it and a nice pen in blue. It must also be a new record, since we managed to finish early for once (and by 25 minutes to boot!), so I didn't the miss the deadline with my work as I feared. Now it's on to my Masters.
0	before i forget, i wanted to write down the stuff i still remember about the weird dream i just had.  unfortunately at this point i barely remember  much.  but, there was some sort of trip somewhere.  and an exgirlfriend.  to whom i said something about she should get naked.  so she did.  followed by making out.  then there was some thing about pants.  and more traveling.  continued making out.  and then some sort of zelda-like videogame.  anyway, back to feeling shitty about myself.
1	ahh...2 days till florida. thank god. i am so ready to be tan and not pale and pasty anymore. and to wear bathing suits and flip flops and run around all night in just my soffe shorts. i was so ready to meet interesting boys with jill again, but no she had to get a boyfriend. damn her. hah j/k. sorta! what the hell am i saying. it isn't even april yet and im dreaming like it's the 4th of July. i wish. but besides my hate for winter, everything in my life has been just grand. and i love all my friends. &hearts; &hearts; &hearts; !!!!!!!!   "Life is too damn short and fucked up to go through it silently loving someone and never telling them how you feel. Fuck the consequences, fuck the implications of the actions, to hell with it all... whatever happens as a result is better than the nothingness that is inevitable with silence." -Janis Joplin 
0	So the man who, in my opinion, was the best President this country will ever see.. passed away this weekend. I'm not taking it well...not at all. We had more in common than just birthdates...views, beliefs...hopes for what the world would become...ugh! I don't even wanna get into it...I just wanna take this time to just give a little shout out to Ronald...so here is my last statement to my all-time hero and mentor..  Mr. Reagan..God Bless you sir, for teaching me the things I've learned about "the system". For being the one who instilled many of my beliefs and senses of morality in me. A place in my life shall forever be dedicated to your being... Rest in Peace.
1	I sat down last night and i ended up writting a song. I'm happy i finally got some writting done. I also got part of a new song, i am going to work on it more today. Getting back on stage really helped with the writting. I was visiting with family last night, it was great to get caught up with everyone and see how everything is going. I found out too, Dream Street is coming out at me every direction. I heard about them from Kirsten, and all around here, Then last night the girl's running around screaming when they saw one of the boy's on TV. They showed me their room, and they were everywhere. Even the littlest "pocket picture" was on the wall. I love what they did with it, it looked so neat. I wish i could do that LOL. i'll write more later. I need to be getting out ;)
1	It promises to be another busy weekend. On Friday night I'm off to see Rammstein at the Brixton Academy. I'm looking forward to the support band Apocalyptica too, as they rocked at M'era Luna a couple of years ago. May go to Dead and Buried after, depending on the time. Saturday will be spent at Francis and James' party in the Docklands, and on Sunday, Emily and I celebrate our 6 month anniversary. I think we are going to a Greek restaurant, which will be a whole new experience for me!
1	If I lose to  Ruby Bolger  there will be hell to pay.     And I'm not joking. *fondly cradles her twin-headed Firebolt Flamethrower 2000*   Vote for me , or change your vote for me!  Please and thank you kindly all! ^_~ Do stop by for free key lime pie any time!  ~ Rosie
1	Ludo is afraid of orange segments, but I love him anyway.   Its really cold here and I love it. I like going out to the park and getting all numb from the cold, then coming inside to this warm house. The temperature change makes my skin change from pink to white and sometimes during the change it looks like polka dots.
1	So Chicago was so much fun. I seriously had the best weekend of my life with the greatest friends in the world. We got snowed in Medina last night, I wasn't even able to get home, but it was ok, cuz we all decided to go sledding down the road cuz it had a huge hill which was a blast. I have fallen in love with Chicago too. It is so amazing, especially during Christmas time. I am kinda excited cuz I only work 3 days this week, so if anyone wants to get together, i work on monday, thursday?, and sunday I believe. Megan will hopefully be comin up on friday or I may be goin down there for the day, i don't know yet, and then we are celebrating Christmas eve at my aunt's so Friday is out of the question more than likely. Let me know about the other days though. Alright, its lunch time, but I will catch up to everyone soon!   5 days til Christmas 1 week til the Toledo bowl game in Detroit with Mary 11 days til the best New Year's Party ever to be thrown in Columbus!!!!!!!!
0	Hey guys!  It's Heather.  Just wanted to write a smidgen and say goodbye.  This is probably the last time i'll be in Gwinn for quite some time so i just wanted to say thank you for putting up with me and thanks to the people that came to my bomber skate party.  I'm really sad because today at 4:30ish pm i'll be boarding a plane to Milwakee and then to New york...raa.  Cockroaches, starbucks, eviction.  AHHH success.  And i have to talk to my roomies about something when i get home raa.     And Glenn was supposed to come to NY on the 3rd...and Patty my cousin on the 6th...i'm gonna go friggen crazy!     Anyway love to you all and be careful on the icey roads!   ~Heather Dawn
1	I'm so fucking happy.  I had the most amazing weekend ever.   I wish i could do it all over again.  I don't think one should be so happy when one is rather ill.  Nevermind.  R x x x   P.S Anchorman's the funniest thing I've ever seen in my life.
1	this is the best cd ive ever heard.  albany is a lot of fun.  accounting is a bitch and a half.  my bro's wedding is this weekend  i miss diana.  that is all.
0	To let everyone know...so they don't think that I am taken.  Chris and I split up.  It's been a tough three days..but I'll get through it.  Besides we were friends before any of this.  I just know that I won't be able to jump into anything so serious right now. I've learned my lesson.  But. I will date, and have fun.  Jade is back to being single. I never thought this would happen but then again, life is full of surprises.  Thanks chris for the cd and necklace.  7 days can really screw up something.  whatever.  love you guys!
0	 There goes another mother .  Fucking wonderful.   Goodbye, mom. I hope you  get so fucking bored and miserable that'll you go absolutely insane and want to fucking come back  have a nice time and I'll miss you.  Alot.  I'm going to clean now. 
1	Say hi, say hola, say fuck you, say howdy, say something when you add me to your friends list.
0	I hurt myself today to see if I still feel I focus on the pain the only thing that's real the needle tears a hole the old familiar sting try to kill it all away but I remember everything what have I become? my sweetest friend everyone I know goes away in the end you could have it all my empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt I wear my crown of shit on my liar's chair full of broken thoughts I cannot repair beneath the stain of time the feeling disappears you are someone else I am still right here what have I become? my sweetest friend everyone I know goes away in the end you could have it all my empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt if I could start again a million miles away I would keep myself I would find a way
0	k szuuz mk,, ihxd,v.............    and im not even brave enough to write it in english....
1	FINALLY! HELL WEEK IS OVER!!!!!!  I can't believe how amazingly gorgeous and sunny and beautiful and warm it is outside! :) YAY I love sunshine so, today was absolutely wonderful with brunch with neha and then walkig waaay out to main street listening to my Chill 2 CD and singing along and enjouying the sun and then buying chocolate for monday and then watching the lil guyz with their parents... and the Chinese nEw year lion's dance parade which was cool and then buying a cool shoulder sack backpack thingee for only $15 wahoo and then buying stuff from borders! yay for real books!  and then more sunshine and singing yay!  and I just got work started so I don't feel guilty and then dinner will be soon somewhere cool yay for food and then movie with friends! yay!!!!!  i so earned this weekend :)
1	Everyone have a Happy Thanksgiving tomorrow.  And remember, its the day you can eat more than your belly can hold...Haha so dont worry about it.  Everyone be safe too if you're traveling.  Love to you all!!!! If anyone is interested in going to help hand out food too the homeless tomorrow at all I will be in Paso doing to for a couple of hours.  Anyways once again Happy Thanksgiving!!!
0	some things make me sad.   I loves my kitty Louis.   i currently have 35 cents next to me. annnnddd apparently the general census is that that is not enough for food.  damn.  who wants to barrow me 50 cents?
1	I am an internet addict - I think it is probably official.  We are in a hotel room in France with a romantic city all around us and both glued to an Ebay auction. Next time, the laptop is getting left at home. My only redemption is that the item is clothing, and not for me.  In addition, I have been drinking champagne, and the demon drink always makes me a tad animated and excitable. I embarrass myself sometimes.
1	Today was fun.  I spent until about 11 waking up, and the second half of the day squeeing about getting a new computer that afternoon for FREE (which makes it even sweeter).  Thing is, I didn't ask  what  I was getting just hoping for a surprise. I figured it would be less than three years old, considering they asked "Do you have a computer? If yes, is it less than 3 years old?" on the form.  But anyways:   It's black (which is the most important thing :p)   It has a 17" flat-screen monitor   It's a 1.7GHz Celeron - which is almost 6x as fast as my old computer   Did I mention that it's black?    I may be displaying childlike glee at the moment. Please ignore it if its annoying.  Oh, and       kittenmorag   , got Eshu for ya, sitting in my hot little hands. Any time you want to send me your address...
1	 We are having our first party at my brand new house, complete with pool, on Christmas Eve. We're doing an Italian feast with antipasto, shrimp, lasagna, stuffed shells and lot and lots of wine, beer, spirits, etc.    &nbsp;Required attire.    &nbsp;         &nbsp;    Be there or be square. 
0	I know I already wrote today but I am bored so I will write some more...  I was sleeping for a few hours; and I woke up in this really bad sweat b/c as usual my a.c. in my room is not cold enough... Im in a terrible mood tonight due to the fact tha tI hate it here so much, I never even leave my house  Paul and I are hermits... SOMEONE GET ME OUT OF HERE PLEASE&gt;&gt;&gt; FORCE ME TO LEAVE  Melissa and I will have to sleep in the basement or in my parents room... (the bed is like a magic carpet ride... aka the most comfortable peice of anything you will ever put your body weight on in youre life)   So I just woke up... I feel like crap; and I also feel like crying...                   I feel like a land whale today   ** isnt it great to be a girl?   fuck you                                                  goodnight
1	Kung fu has been doing well, im going to be working on my low back for a while... the job i just got is for tempurpedic.. and if i can improve my back through the exersizes in the books of my store id feel i could portray how and why it helps better.  So that means more time to play my forms because ill be stretching alot more ;)  The job is at a store called "Relax the Back"  i talk to customers and be a helpful with info about there needs.  Its basicly a great start towards chiropractory for all i can learn within.  10.50 starting, 15.75 over time, fulltime hours.  Should be nice.  Wish me luck :)   btw, new icon ;)  until then, remeber that everything we do... is just everything weve done ;)
0	I'm trying to fight off depression, but it's a sneaky bastard.  I find myself sleeping more and more, feeling lethargic and unmotivated, and crying at stupid shit.  Things better happen soon.
0	Today some ass hole thought it was a good day to kill an animal.  that animal happened to be my dog chop-chop.  chop chop was in the back yard and had gotten out and ran a block away from the house and someone hit him with the car and sped off which is very disrespectful.                                        RIP IN LOVING MEMORY OF CHOP-CHOP
0	"beth, im so fortunate to have met you.  you're an amazing girl and ill miss you a lot.  i'm glad we were able to grow so close"   :o( dont leave me!
1	Life is good.  Tenth or eleventh straight day of happiness.  I LOVE IT!  Work tomorrow with one Mr. Bryan Perry, which will kick ass.  Frisbee yesterday, which kicked ass.  John this afternoon, which was so wonderful.  And square-dancing... my life has included a whole lot of square dancing.  Making up 4 gym classes.  Goodness gracious.  Have a nice night.  Keating, I love you and hope you survive.  Loved sitting in the nurses with you today :)
1	Lets see whats new . . .  well to day me and natty descovered that we are wast about 7,200 Min. of our life in french . . . that really makes you look down on life. nothin new really happened. . . oh i figured out how to put a picture of my puppy as my icon thing . ..  yup . . ..  thats about it so i'm gunna stop writing
1	Just about to head to work.  hope we're not short tonight.Today we took Enid to the park. It was fun. She loved riding in the swing alone this time. when she gets older I'm gonna teach her how to jump out of the swing like I do. Stormy and I are gonna get a bread maker, so we can make some nummy homemade bread.Enid owes me a kiss, and I'm gonna tackle my beautiful Stormy with one when I get home. =)
1	[ Error:  Irreparable invalid markup ('&lt;img [...] /img&gt;') in entry.  Owner must fix manually.  Raw contents below.]   Whoo hooo! I&#39;m headed to this giant men&#39;s meeting called Promise Keepers with my dad and some other guys.  Leavin&#39; at noon.  Gonna take me a magazine.  Gonna eat Jess&#39;s cookies.  And now for a random picture.  &lt;img src=&quot;http://www.tonbi.net/images/2000/tonbi111.jpg&quot; /img&gt;  that&#39;s a japanese girl nuzzling some japanese beer.  WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
0	Apparently there are some bad rumors going on about me and I dont even live there anymore! THIS SUX! Sigh well anything you hear isnt true...Im really not a bad person. Damnit!!! Rachel
1	Bonnie Wright looked so pretty in the picture I couldn't help making this one.  And I managed to find a pretty intense/pissed-off Draco. XD  Now, if only someone can tell me a website with high quality POA screen shoots with lots of Draco in it.....
1	HAPPY NEW YEAR! May this year bring you all happiness and many blessings, take care everyone :)
0	Adam is finally graduating kinda crazy cause hes been here for four years.  Jill and JR make me fucking sick... not literally i just read all the notes he writes her and she tells me about everything and they are just so damn cute together its really depressing.. i dont think im lonly i think i just feel like somthing is missing... I know i dont need that shit again... but they just look so happy and somtimes i want that feeling again.. oh well fuck it what can you do
1	With thanks to       gramina    for hooking me up:  http://www.newsday.com/news/local/newyo rk/nyc-marr0205,0,3693054.story?coll=ny-n ynews-headlines 
1	     Are you hott? by evildj23      First Name           Age           Guy or Gal           Your hottness is    10...WOW! ARE U SINGLE?!?!               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       i feel loveded :)
1	Well, I had soooooo much fun this year for my birthday and I couldn't have possibly asked for anything more... well... maybe one thing *coughplaneticketcough*. I had tons and tons of fun and all of my friends yet again to thank for it all... and since I took lots of pictures with her (seeing as it were she was sitting next to me at dinner), I wanna give a shot out to my home girl NananaNash... I love you Gretchen, you're fucking great!                       
1	Have a Happy Turkey DAy tomorrow STeps to eat a lot of food  1. Don't eat all day..just like a bread and water *keep your stomach empty* 2. Wear comforable pants and shirt..you don't have to dress up 3. If your stomach hurts and you think you can't eat no more..but you want more food...unbuckle your pants and you have more room 4. Don't eat fast..take your time..you have all night  *Remember to leave room for the desert and remember to ask for an extra plate for the next day*  P.S. so ppl won't call you fat ass: eat small portions so it looks like your not eating a lot but keep going back for more...it works..hehehe
0	 Idk anymore.&nbsp; What do you do when you have invested so much time in something that seems hopeless?&nbsp;     Do you continue to try to get something out of it because you have already invested such a large part of your life into it?&nbsp; Do you try to make something out of it so in the end you might be able to tell yourself "that wasnt a complete waste of time?"    or do you just quit?&nbsp; Do you stop what you've been going after for all this time because you realize that you have no chance and that it will probably continue&nbsp;be a waste of time?    &nbsp;    &nbsp;    Do you chase you dreams that will never come true or do you move on to something that you have a better chance with? 
1	man if i ever had a time to be so proud of the manpals the time is NOW.       mareo    and       eldefroster    write the BESTEST UPON MOST ENTERTAINING UPON THE BESTEST travelogues you will ever read, no doubt. they are the fucking champs at man travelogue writing, even more so than THE FUCKING CHAMPS, WHO ARE A BAND. MAN AWESOME.        JAPAN AND GEORGIA ARE FUCKING LUCKY, THIS IS HECKA BEST.
1	The idea was inspired by (or stolen from) Matt Hope, his cardigan, and his interesting sense of colour..      
0	I'm sad to hear of the passing of Hunter S. Thomson.   It's some small comfort to think that he probably died the way he wanted to.  R.I.P.
0	I've met your expectations guys. Save the  "I TOLD YOU SO'S" . I've beaten myself up enough over it. I've failed. I hate it. now please don't rub this in my face.
1	I've just been reading some of the posts on the daemon forum....and I felt really happy and proud, and honored in a way. Its been wonderful meeting all these people who are all really lovely, friendly, warm, welcoming human beings who I probably wouldn't have met otherwise. I find it amazing that we all live in completely different corners of the earth, and still have been able to meet in a place and chat and become friends. I would consider some of them friends, even though we've never met. And I find that amazing...
0	 :'(   *saddles her horses and rides off to find Elentir*  *hopes that a horserace will take her mind off of things*  Elentir? *sniff* Wanna *hic* race?   ;_;
1	    Happy Birthday Renee!     *hugs* Hope you have a wonderful day filled with friends and family. I'm glad to know an incredibly nice, loving, caring, and friendly person like you. Hope you have a great day and year ahead! Much love and *schnomps* 
1	i like this. i like my little life right now. i thought about stuff. and figured out what was going on...am attempting to fix it...and am really glad i am.    i cant wait to go visit amy in the mville this summer.  aww we should run through sprinklers and do slip'n'slides.  i really hope my work doesn't take over my life. annnnnd im not taking a class. because i have no idea what im going to do when i get back from italy so im not going to risk taking a math class for no reason. that would just be crazy.  so im going to travel a lot instead. i think i might check out wash. state for the hell of it. ya never know.   aw man its so hard pretending I don't think of him. ahhhhhhhhh. good thing im learning self-discipline. bahaha
0	Things are crappy right now.  Don't really feel like talking about it though.       
1	i would just like to say that tonight was sooo sick..i went to the dome with my sister,root and andy it was so fun,we got to watch bmxer's ride..and the love of my life was there (tony)..even tho he didnt talk to me i still had fun haha...i tryed getting jess to go but she wouldnt go with me :(..i cant wait for nov 5th me n jess are going to a bmx premiere at metro...well i dont have much more to say ...  peace and im out!   alexa**
1	I was wondering if anybody was gonna go to the Austin,Tx show man I was soo worried I wasn't gonna be able to get tickets for this show but lucky I was able soo and uh anywho I am also new to this place so how bout it... alrite i'M out
0	            Bourbon   Congratulations! You're 130 proof, with specific scores in beer (120) , wine (16), and liquor (104).         Screw all that namby-pamby chick stuff, you're going straight for the bottle and a shot glass! It'll take more than a few shots of Wild Turkey or 99 Bananas before you start seeing pink elephants. You know how to handle your alcohol, and yourself at parties.                           My test tracked 4 variables How you compared to other people  your age and gender :                                      You scored higher than  54%  on  proof                                  You scored higher than  96%  on  beer index                                  You scored higher than  82%  on  wine index                                  You scored higher than  93%  on  liquor index              Link:  The Alcohol Knowledge Test  written by  hoppersplit  on  Ok Cupid    
1	will bought me serial killer trading cards for valentines! jealous?   things are sad, mommy is gone to korea. i miss her lots.   i want to go on trips, to all over with maggie and erin.   i wish school and work weren't so dumb.  gosh, i love trail mix
1	I just wanted to introduce you to my best friend and now, co-moderator,       wanker_of_doom   !
1	Last day before Con!^_______^  There just so much to do and say and...I'm just so excited!!!  I still have to pack, but evrything's together and ready. I talked briefly to Becca this moring and I know where we're meeting. Did I mention I'm excited?  So packing and having Tris tell Joey he's leaving...that's my to do list for today. But for now I'm feeling lazy so...FMA TIME! (I'm up to ep 3 now)
1	hello from my new dungeon on 21a south brunswick....i moved recently and am so happy i did i have a bed room to sleep in waa hoo ....just left the cemetery because of my boss turned into a bigot,discriminating fuck face but iam looking hard core for another job....if anyone knows of anything please dont hesitate to let me know but i might have one soon at hollywood cemetery,of mt cavalry cemetery....Iam still with the love of my life she is so good to me ....i would not trade her for anything or anyone i hope you read this beth ill love you till the end of time .....and to everyone else stay dead .......... good evening my little goulies.....
0	  I have lost my smile. These eyes continue to blur and I don't know what to do. When is it going to stop. When am I going to be happy again. When will I smile and actually mean it?               
1	Ban-chan is tired and annoyed but I'm not!!!  I've want to go and see lots of stuff!! I'm in a place I've never been before and I can't understand what people are saying when they talk to him, but I still like it and I'm so glad that we were able to be here even if it's just for a job!!  What does "jetlag" mean??? O.o
0	I'm afraid that my company has decided to block internet access from most of the computers at work, including mine. Now, that means I can't get to the any of the boards I post at, from work. It's gonna be rather difficult to keep up to date with the boards from home, since I only have dial-up and can't be online much time everyday (since I have to get up to work next day).  What this means is that I won't be around much in the near future, neither on the boards or the livehournal threads. This will be so until I either find a way around this problem, they lift the blockade, or I manage to reschedule my own free time so that I can read all the boards regularly. I will still read elorg's board as often as I can, but I won't be able to do so as often as I used to, and I will have to completely drop all the other boards and livejournals I post at.  I hope this is only a temporary situation.  =[
1	I have an audition! At last! I'm so happy! It's at Dinkelsbühl, small/medium town... no, small I guess. But well. This is the first positive reply I got on my applications. Now I'm already starting to be nervous... I hope I will get prepared good enough.  Did a lot of workout today but ate too much afterwards.I have to work from 7 am to 2 pm tomorrow. &gt;-
1	       You scored as  agnosticism . You are an agnostic. You neither believe nor disbelieve in God. You don't believe it is possible to prove the existence of God (nor lack thereof).  Agnosticism is a philosophy that God's existence cannot be proven. Some say it is possible to be agnostic and follow a religion; however, one cannot be a devout believer if he or she does not truly believe.       agnosticism             83%       Buddhism             71%       Christianity             67%       Satanism             67%       paganism             58%       Hinduism             54%       Islam             38%       Judaism             33%       atheism             21%        Which religion is the right one for you? (new version)   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	Tiddelipom PN: Thaaat cooooool Noooelllll, he isss so cooooool, he liiiiiives in Texas, In Corpus Christi.... he goooooes tooo college, and he geeeets straight A's, and there's nobody in the whole world that caaaan compare Tiddelipom PN: NOELLLL NOELLLL! Tiddelipom PN: NOELLLL NOELLLL! The Gifted Cack: o______o Tiddelipom PN: Don't you like my Christmas song spoof? The Gifted Cack: its.. The Gifted Cack: really scary The Gifted Cack: :-( Tiddelipom PN: Wow... Tiddelipom PN: I worked so hard on it, too. Tiddelipom PN: Excuse me, I must go DIE now. The Gifted Cack: lol The Gifted Cack: 
1	This morning i got my braces off. .feels kind of funny but its better.  i went to the tannin bed..much tanner but burnt a little..well tooday was cool sixth period was awsome. Then Went shoppin and tanin bed. Tommaorow kristsi comin hoem w/ me  staying with me for a long while  lol were gunna have so much fun at my comps and stuff im out peace. - LC -
0	Tyler.  Is it really that hard to call?  Just PICK UP THE GODDAMN PHONE and DIAL MY NUMBER!!  GOD..... Although, it's nice to dwell on the less important things.  It keeps me afloat.  I'm scared I'm slipping into that sad depressed phase again.  oh god, please don't let that happen again. that was awful.
0	I jsut watched my last high school basketball game ever...so sad.  But we played pretty well so i guess thats all you can ask for.  I really wish we didnt have a meet tomorrow, i mean its seriously like ten, i want to go do something, but i should really get a good nights sleep considering i haven't in like forever.   Today i officially got slammed with my first detention..ouch, that hurts, but no biggie.  But steve you so owe me three dollars...she totally changed it..haha :-p  Anyway im gonna go crash. luv ya...later
1	My shiny new computer arrived Friday and I can now play with it to my hearts content. Can't wait to start setting it up how I like it, and I actually have the manuel and all the extra bits and pieces with it.  Also got made Grounds Keeper for the lovely Hogwarts comm I'm on, I feel so proud!
1	Hi, I'm new here. I love exploring abandonded buildings and things, especially asylums. I live in upstate New York and was wondering if anyone has any tips for places to go to around here. Just any sites, security tips, anything would be awesome. I really want to be able to explore more and I promise if anyone give me any advice, I'll post pictures!
1	           At the rate you are going, how will the rest of your life pan out?          LJ Username          Your Current Occupation         Your Current Mood (approximately)     Happy  Sad  Sick  Angsty  Excited  Stressed        You will marry      riotboi        Your kid will look like           You will make this much money (yearly)      $114,895.17        You will secretly have an affair with      ickledeany        Your entire life will eventually crumble because of      ickledeany       Chance that you will die before you reach 50 -  47%                                                                                    This   cool quiz   by   peaceaiwa   - Taken 11010 Times.          New! Get Free  Daily Horoscopes  from Kwiz.Biz           
1	Been wasting today watching trashy daytime television... God how I love these days, it's so great to be alive and well and able to waste over 3 hours just soaking in garbage...  My roomate is gone for the night, wanna come party harty in my room??
0	  I screw up everything good in my life.       &nbsp;     WTF is wrong with me  
1	Has anyone here seen episodes 99, 100, 110 and 111?  I can't wait to see the actual episodes, but based on the   summaries and screencaps , they look to be most awesome. :D  I also can't wait to see the 113+ episodes, especially once they catch up to Vol. 24 of the manga.     Lee displays his 1337 drunken master skills.  I nearly fell out of my chair when I saw it in the manga, so I REALLY can't wait to see it in its anime inception! =:D  Lee drunk off his ass is one of THE funniest things I've ever seen! =XD 
1	  so i'm back home now i missed my bed but i had a lovely time  so i'll be here for today and tomorrow that's only TWO days ladies and gents meaning Tuesday and Wednesday then i'm off...for 5...count em...FIVE days oh man, in case you cant tell, i'm excited     St. Louis!!!    so i need to see some of you before i leave for another week  Rachel!!!   Well I Love You ALL! Have a wonderful week I'll update again before I leave    &hearts; &hearts; &hearts;    
0	So here is my update about the internship I was talking about, they want a week more to decide, they have told me that they are still deciding on their staffing needs for summer. I dont know if this is a way companies let people know that they are not interested in you or is it really something they are trying to figure out. This is really a lot of stress. :-( I just wish they could tell me thier decision soon. I am ready for the good as well as the bad decision. The good one is obviously good and if its the bad one then I can go job hunting for summer which I know is going to be very hard.  Thank you guys for all your comments, you all have a good day.   Later
1	My computer is back!!!  I've missed it so much.  Its sad how it was gone for 2 days and I had no idea what to do with myself.  I had no contact with other people, no movies or shows and very little music.  So I've tried to keep myself busy doing non-computer activities.  I've watched some dvds, cooked dinner, drew and caught up on some sewing I had been putting off for quite some time.  Which reminds me: Jen, I  ate your bees  made your pirate/goldfish skirt.  I hope you don't mind.  I just needed something to do.  Next time you come over, we'll have to see if it fits and finish off the waist.  The pattern wants an elastic but I think it will look bad so I might attempt a proper waist. So anyway... I'm sure there were many things I wanted to say but I have forgotten them all.
0	I don't understand why people think that it's wrong for two people of different races to be together.  That makes me sad.
1	YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAY!!!!  Wales won the Grand Slam for the 6 Nations Cup! Every game unbeatun! *Kisses every one of the team* Ohh and for the Rugby World Cup, COME ON YOU DRAGONS!!     
0	My gandpa just went to take my cousins home.....I will be alone for about an hour, that pleases me.     TO PAUL--  Do you ever get bothered that there are alot of people at your house all the time?  I've always wondered if you ever just want everyone to leave so you can be alone.....I think I'd go nuts.......but what about you??
0	last night my grandmother passed away.  it's hard, but at least i know she's not in pain anymore.  she's with grandpa, so she's happy and at peace.  still, this is the second death we've had to deal with in the past year, and it's difficult, especially on my mom.  my supervisor sent me home from work today, even though i told her i would work.  she said it was important that i be with my family, and i guess she was right.  mom needed andy and i to be there for her.  thank you to jeri and sarah, and to everyone else who expressed concern about my grandma.  i'm very grateful to have good friends who are there for me in such a difficult time.
0	my whole mouth aches.  I feel like I'm constantly on the verge of tears.  and I have to be back to work in exactly eight minutes.  My hour break felt more like 10 minutes.  I ate too much rice.  and I'm falling asleep. Today was not a good day.  This week was not a good week.  Hopefully February will start looking up.  Starting tuesday.
1	I JUST SAW GLEN PHILLIPS IS COMING TO TOWN 3 DAYS BEFORE MY 30th BIRTHDAY...   I CAN'T WAIT... IT WOULD MAKE MY LIFE IF HE WISHED ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY...   BUT SEEING HIM WOULD BE WONDERFUL!!!  AHHH!!!!
0	Why am I moved to tears by the  A.P. obituary  of a man I'd never even heard of before?
0	"Sometimes I wish I never met you because then I could go to sleep at night not knowing that there was someone like you out there."
0	My condolences to       campn    and anyone else here affected by this decision.   By BRAD CAIN, Associated Press Writer   SALEM, Ore. - The Oregon Supreme Court on Thursday nullified nearly 3,000 marriage licenses issued to same-sex couples by Multnomah County a year ago.   The court said while the county can question the constitutionality of laws governing marriage, they are a matter of statewide concern so the county had no authority to issue licenses to gay couples. 
0	 Today has been a shitty day.&nbsp;         I want to cry.        I hate everything right now.&nbsp;   
1	Ahhhh...Lookit how pretty my journal looks.  I love love LOVE it! And I couldn't have done it without three people that are so much smarter and than me at all this cool stuff. First, thanks to Saskia for your brilliant caps that help me obesses over Garret and Renee more than I already do.  Next, Daya, for taking me step by step through this whole thing, casue I had no idea were to start.  And last but not least, Louis, who I have nevr talked to before in my life, but who wrote all this code stuff that I don't understand in the slightest.  Thank you and I love you all!
0	I just saw my grandfather for the last time, was really hard to leave him there. At first i could keep my eyes dry, but when most of us left for a while so my grandmother could be alone with him, i just had the urge to go back there. Others of my family had it too and then some of us went back to him. The longer i stood there, the harder it became. At the moment i start saying to myself it was my gramps laying there, i couldnt keep it dry. It's so emotional when you have to say goodbye to someone you love. And really never, never again you can see him. Its so weird.  Tomorrow we go to the church and crematorium to guide him too a better place. As we told our youngest niece, grandpa is sleeping now, and will wake up with the angels again.   Bye gramps, we will never forget you
1	I admit it.  This post is just to pimp my new icons.            
0	 i'm so confused lol. i dont even know what i want anymore. what i want is frustrating me and what i dont want is shoving itself in my face.    don't take your boyfriend for granted, girls. do you remember how hard it was to get him?   i heard "true" when i got in the car after the movies...                I won't talk  I won't breathe  I won't move till you finally see  That you belong with me    You might think I don't look  But deep inside the corner of my mind  I'm attatched to you    I'm weak, it's true   Cause I'm afraid to know the answer   Do you want me too?  Cause my heart keeps falling faster         
1	HAPPY VALENTINES DAY EVERYONE! i mite actually like it this year.... no... i already do! :) love you baby!    oh...and by the fuck you bitch!!! why dont you stop being such a fuckin hypocrit...cuz that all you are!! UGH!!
0	   So yeah.  The landlady's finally gotten an offer on the house and is seeking the permit to get it demolished.  The hearing's Monday, 505 Barton Springs Rd #325 ig you want to come and show solidarity.  Any ideas on proving the house's importance to Tx Architecture or history would be greatly appreciated.
1	I had the longest conversation with Shizuka. It made me happy. Why is that do you ask? Well, because I didn't think we'd have an actual conversation without me coming off as 'mean'.   I really hope we can do that road trip. That would be frikkin great! Ha! I didn't swear! I must be doing well!  Oh shit I won a free soda!  Yeeeyyy~! *in a sing song voice*
1	 http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/02003 A73ACFB60E0?&amp=   Who in Philly wants to go with me?  Leave messages here or e-mail DJSkola@gmail.com  If you're not in Philly but want to come, contact me and we'll arrange crash space.  ~Skola
1	Happily stolen from happytester and roninjedi. :D    You choose your friends wisely and even though they may be few in number, they are high in importance. You feel most comfortable when you can follow the crowd and let others make decisions. But that's not to say you can't make up your own mind if you need to. Faithful and true, Piglets make the best friends.      Which Pooh character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	I'm currently moving into my lab. Hence less online activity, more work. I already have the keys and everything! This is exciting!  But now that I have figured out how to get online with my laptop from my lab I at least will be online most of the time from now on...  Good thing also, my lab mate Liv has the same taste in music as me. So there will be plenty of loud music around.
0	Yoinked from       lareinenoire   .    ONE: Pick 10 musicals. TWO: Post them and see who can guess which song of each musical is your favourite. THREE: Once someone guesses right, bold that row and include your favourite song  I have multiple favourite songs in most of these, so there's a chance that multiple people will guess aright.  1. Les Misérables 2. Miss Saigon 3. Notre Dame de Paris 4. The Secret Garden 5. Jekyll & Hyde 6. The Scarlet Pimpernel 7. The Kiss of the Spiderwoman 8. Falsettoland 9. The Mystery of Edwin Drood 10. La Cava
1	hello mons! this is ms cleo here to answer any of your questions! if you have any, please leave a comment! thanks mon!
1	Yesterday I went to the bookstore. I bought two books. One is like the coolest thing ever!!!!! I'm very happy! and the other is just eh. I already read half of that one and its not very interesting haha. But I love the first one!  I'm tired. I woke up this morning a very sick person haha. It wasn't very much fun. But I'm better now for the most part.   Hmmm.... I want candy.  Yep...
1	Happy Easter!!!!! I took some pics of the kids this morning with their easter baskets, I might put them up later.
0	 http://www.cnn.com/2004/SHOWBIZ/10/05/o bit.dangerfield.ap/index.html 
1	So I went out tonight ... I was gonna go see a movie ... but, what do ya know, NOTHING IS PLAYING! So we ended up @ the Abby like every Friday night. This VERY annoying girl was reading her stories and doing the voices for them ... I wanted to kill her. Supid ppl annoy me so much!  Steve is @ Zebra Room tonight and I am sitting here @ home now ... and I am so tired. HE IS GOING TO BE HERE IN 6 DAYS!!!! I can't wait! Hell yeah ... I get to spend like 5 days with him! YEAH! So I'm a little excited. Hehehe ... EEE! Yea, I'm going to bed ... Darkness and quiet thoughts ...
1	 http://www.spawn.com/news/news6.asp x?id=12509   Todd Mcfarlne toys announces figures from the Coppola Dracula! Figures expected late 2005!  O_O OMG! Come on kids! Gary/Dracula figures! *DIES*   x-posted in       garylove          draculasfans          garyoldman          gariusblack          hellsing   
0	  im so tired of bein alone. i have all these opportunities but they all are so fuckin fake.. i hate when guys use lines and are serious and when they TRY to impress.. it makes me feel like they are bein so fake and are hiding something.. i dont want someone to buy me shit and tell me im hot i want them to be my friend.. lolive come to the conclusion that i love dorks.. the ones that make corny jokes. love it. i want to move on but i keep holdin myself back. im afraid of movin on again, afraid of gettin hurt again. ive been hurt 3 times in the past 6 months.its wearin on me..      &nbsp;i really like this one guy, hes sweet funny and hot lol. but he doesnt want a gf.. hes just a big flirt. big dissappointment to fidn that out, but of course he wants booty.. but hey im movin out of the house in w my friend this week. im not sure if thats a good or bad thing.  
1	KISS ME. I'M IRISH.  HAPPY ST.PATRICKS DAY.  Perfect day....Full of green and lots o drinkin.
1	    I was looking through Karin Pictures, and I found this one of me. HA! My hair is naturaly completely straight, I have a hard time getting it to curl. I have no clue how it got like that...or do I even remember taking that picture. I think that was on my 16th Birthday. Good memories.  
0	In 2002 the BBC conducted a survey among viewers, in order to find the top 50 places that everyone should see before they die. The places that I've visted are **   *Grand Canyon* Great Barrier Reef *Florida* South Island Cape Town Golden Temple *Las Vegas* Sydney *New York* - i was at the airport =/ Taj Mahal Canadian Rockies Uluru *Chichen Itza - Mexico* Machu Picchu - Peru Niagara Falls Petra - Jordan The Pyramids - Egypt Venice Maldives Great Wall of China  Victoria Falls - Zimbabwe Hong Kong *Yosemite National Park* Hawaii Auckland - New Zealand Iguassu Falls Paris Alaska Angkor Wat-Cambodia Himalayas - Nepal  Rio de Janeiro - Brazil Masai Mara - Kenya Galapagos Islands - Ecuador Luxor - Egypt Rome *San Francisco* Barcelona Dubai Singapore La Digue-Seychelles Sri Lanka Bangkok Barbados Iceland Terracotta Army - China Zermatt - Switzerland Angel Falls - Venezuela Abu Simbel - Egypt Bali French Polynesia   I obviously need to go traveling more. =(
1	Wow!  Two whole days without a computer.  We are leaving as soon as I finish this to go to Chicago.  I am soooo excited!  This is my first trip alone with my oldest.  J and the little one are going to Canton, Ohio to go to the football hall of fame.  They are very excited too.  My youngest insisted that she and J go "just the two of them" so the big one and I are going to museums in Chicago.  I think divided vacations are a good idea as the girls are so close right now they have been arguing.  This will allow them some distance and some one-on-one time which is always a good time.  Off we go!
1	leave a comment with all your answers. MERRY CHRISTMAS!     1. Who are you?  2. Are we friends?  3. When and how did we meet?  4. Do you have a crush on me?  5. Would you kiss me?  6. Give me a nickname and explain why you picked it.  7. Describe me in one word.  8. What was your first impression?  9. Do you still think that way about me now?  10. What reminds you of me?  11. If you could give me anything what would it be?  12. How well do you know me?  13. When's the last time you saw me?  14. Ever wanted to tell me something but couldn't?  15. Are you going to put this on your blog and see what I say about you?
1	I AM GOING TO NEW YORK CITY IN ONE WEEK!!!!!!!!... I don't think I have ever been this excited for anything in my life.
0	i finally become happy and a certain person fucks things up AGAIN! and i can say who cause then more ppl would be pissed at me!it doesnt matter... nothing deos im going into seclusion only talking to Jess Jackie Chelsea meg and Shelby.Everyone else oh well... not that anyone cares just oh well im tired of trusting ppl and getting hurt.
1	I am happy cause I have 4 days left until I get to go home to all my friends. I can't wait. I will miss Bay Path though. Not the classes but my floormates, and everyone else that I met this year.  I also am happy cause we are having a softball picnic which should be fun and there is going to be good food there! Dinner sux so I am lucky that I get to eat other food. Alright I have to go. I promise to update more often next time.
1	umm a lot has happened from the last time i wrote in my lj  ummm we have a softballll game today!!!!!!!!! im soo excited/ scared for it. ummmm my mom was being really nice this morning  she went and got me mikey d's and then she told me she would pick me up subway after the game  crazy  yea i know. i think thats pretty much it. and jeff is mean cuz he made a "i hate alyssia club" so boo on jeff! and hes a lier too he told us his friend was coming to our school but is he here nope! wait lemme check..............................oh nope still not here hmmmm/!........LIER!             i love u all from the deepest depths of my heart!                      lauren
1	 Yupp, In clase de Espanol and I'm bored...my partner is not here today so I don't have much to do! But anywho---    Life has been pretty normal. Just going to either guard or gymnastics/dance everynight after 5. I don't have a life! lol But making money is good and guard is all over in a month. thank goodness. 4 years of colorguard and 3 years of winterguard takes up so much time of your life but it is alot of fun but then again when its done, I will be happy because I will be able to hang out with my friends and Derek way much much more!!! :) I'm excited for spring break...My whole family plus Derek and Steve (Kailey's boyfriend) are going to Florida. Well, not too sure about Derek yet, he just has to make sure he has no exams that week to take. But otherwise I'm pretty pumped! well g2g!  
1	 http://www.livejournal.com/community/ti mburton/359801.html   Look at that, it is so cute.  This movie is going to be adorible in it's own cute claymation way.  I'll be sure to watch it the day it comes out :D
0	What a sad, sad turn of events.  How can people be so ignorant and stupid and wrong all at the same time? When the civil unrest in the US ultimately divides the country, resulting in war and economic instability, which will have HUGE effects on the rest of the world, possibly causing another world war or something like it, I'm moving to Iqaluit where no one will ever bother to attack because no one else in the world really knows or cares that it's there.  Who's with me?  There will be beer and snow.  I can't promise anything else, but that's really all one needs to survive, isn't it?  And HEY!  maybe by that time climate change will have progressed to such a degree that it's no longer all shitty and cold up there!  Am I being overly dramatic again? I'm a little bit joking though, so it's okay.  It's probably more of an "if" situation than a "when" situation, but it's good to have a plan anyway.
1	I think I'm finally getting into a routine here in Everwood - except for the times when Harry interferes.  Big brother, you know that I  do  have a life of my own! I don't need you trying to set me up with any one of your high-up friends. I'll date who I want, when I want, when I'm ready.  I hope you can understand that.  Rev. Keate's wedding was beautiful! I'm so happy for them, even if he didn't get the miracle he was hoping for.  Sometimes God can work in mysterious ways, you know. Well, it wasthe first 'traditional' American wedding I had been to in a long time.  It's funny how I've gotten so used to each of the different wedding traditions that come with each particular culture - Indian Chinese, Japanese, Russia, and so many more! It was nice seeing the simplicity of the American tradition again.  Anyways, signing off!
0	Well Cati is on Oz now for 5 weeks! I'm missing her like hell and I wish she was here with me. I mean the weather is perfect, sunny, cool breeze, perfect day really 'cept for Cati. Ahh well not long to wait I guess I mean I'm off to Europe a week today so ;-)  Afore Cati left we went to see Australia Vs Pakistan in the cricket (picking out the Oz theme here!). T'was a good match however the Pakistan crowd threw fireworks in the crowd and onto the pitch, not good. To add insult to injury they also stood up *every* run Pakistan got and so blocked mine & Cati's view. Ahh well Cati was there so I wasn't complaining :-)  Well that's it really, I'm living a boring life atm 'cos I'm back @ college, l8r  Giz xXx  P.S Love you Cati, missing you too
0	What this is like the fourth time this week I've had a bad day?  I new I should have gone back to sleep this morning.  God!  I'm so sick of my emotions!!  I've never been so out of control, and I hate it.  I feel sick.
1	GRADUATION!!!  It's been a long time coming, and I'm actually looking forward to the whole pomp[pimp :-) and circumstance.  I start my new position in July--I'm beginning to chomp at the bit to get on with it.  But I think I should take advantage of this "down time" and enjoy it to the hilt, rather than be distracted with what's to come.  In the moment, baby!
0	So i got out of work last night and saw this couple walking down the street and it made me realize how badly i wanted a girlfriend, just someone to walk down the street with late at night. I think it gets worse during winter time, when its cold and you want someone to be close to you. I miss someone being next to me when i wake up, i miss even having a close friend thats a girl. I just want someone to watch movies with. This may all sound cliche but still the fact remains, whats the pont of enjoying anything if you dont have anyone to share it with. Whoever you are, you are out there and i hope i meet you soon.Goodnight
1	&nbsp;   Here  is the original video of the romanian pop song...       Here  is the original context of the link.           Edit:     Here 's another version...
1	...my hair soul mate.  Her name, I think, is Gladys (blowdryers are annoying that way).  She spent an hour on my hair.  It is pretty and happy now.  Woot.
1	Guuuuuysssssss look!  My 2 days of hard work!!!!  I'm so excited to show you all...... My Little Room music video yay!!!   Click This Click This  Enjoy!!
1	Stolen from Laura. I hope you don't mind. :)  hello my name is ______. I've known Kristen for ______. My relationship to Kristen is: _____. if i could describe Kristen in one word: _____. one thing i'd change about Kristen is: ______. one thing i'd never change about Kristen is: _______. the first words we spoke to each other were: ______. when did we meet? ______ where did we meet? ______. i love Kristen because ______. i hate Kristen because ______. could our relationship improve? _____. why/how? _______. have we ever fought? if yes, why? _____. Kristen really is ______. Kristen loves ______. Kristen hates ______. this one time, Kristen and i _____. holy crap! ______. the truth is ______.
1	 THE RULES: Go to images.google.com, type in your answers, and post the first postable image result for each    Place were you were born:    Place you live now:    Your name:    Favourite food:    Favourite drink:    Favourite band:    Favourite smell:    Favourite shoes:     Quickly: I had the best weekend, saturday was my life. After school yesterday we went to thai bamboo, YUM. erika's coconut juice was sum crazy shit and cassies food was too hot to eat.    CLARKSTON WOO! 
0	so i got an email from the pharmaceutical & chemical sciences program telling me that they want to recommend me for the pharmd/phd program but my gre scores were too low.. this means i'll have to retake them =(
0	Aaand, of course...I guess I tend to go and say things which only *I* believe need to be said...So no more doing that. I'm sorry for saying what I said, and if ya want, I'll take it all back and act like I always do. I did today, didn't I? I know you don't wanna say anything more on the subject, so that's why I'm writing this here, where you prolly won't read it. I'm sorry I made everything worse. I just thought I was going to explode or something horrible like that. I'm sorry that I trust you. I'm sorry that you think I'll hurt myself. I'm sorry that I almost did. I'm sorry I'm so stupid. I'm sorry I'm a liar. I'm sorry that I fucked everything up. I'm pretty much sorry for everything, so...yeah. That's it...Later.
1	Will update this Sunday when I get back (I promise). Way busy still... Had the best birthingday ever and got the bestest gift ever! ;&gt; Whoo hoo!  This life is just too cool!  *mwah*
1	im sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooo happpy because as u all no im goin out with karen she is like soooo perfect she beautiful awsome like the nisect and makes u feel sooooo good when ur around her shes the greatest i love her like this much &lt;--------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- -----------------&gt;alright then peace out
0	George, the beloved owner of Buckeye Donuts (a favorite hang-out and old-school diner), died Tuesday.  He and his wife, Tula, were vacationing in Greece with 2 of their sons and George's parents.  Their oldest, Jimmy, was on his way to join them. George was stung by a bee and went into anaphylactic shock.  He was only 53 years old.    George will be buried in their village in Greece.  Memorial services will be held in Columbus when the family returns.    We'll miss him.
0	So my mom took Joey to the vet this morning and it turns out we were right, he has a kidney tumor.  So I guess we just try make his remaining time as good as possible.    I'm doing my best.. yesterday as I ate Cool Ranch Doritos for breakfast I let him nibble on one :-)  he loves his chips!!
1	Alan Rickman is the voice of Marvin.  Dude.  And Stephen Fry as the voice of the book.   Dude.   Also, pictures and what looks like the final poster on rottentomatoes.com.  Issit June 3rd yet? How about now?
0	I am sick of this insanity! It will end now. I will leave..... I am not needed here any longer. With me being gone I will cause no one I care about pain. Goodbye ugly world.
1	Hmm... New Client seems to be pretty cool... :o)  Laters
1	Yaaay!  I don't have to go to Michigan today because my Aunt Angie hired someone to go to Michigan to get my Dad's stuff.  So, I have the whole weekend off, and nothing to do. I'm so happy, nothing can get me down.....  NOTHING!
0	Yukina-chan, if you have the time.. We need to talk, private.
1	Today was rather good.  Except the lack of exercise.  But whatev.  I did damn well on calories.  Meat makes me a heppy, heppy girl.    Okay, I usually hate these things, but I had to:     &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    steak and easy mac with calories left for icecream, eaten while watching a dvd of your favorite highschool drama is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        Calories in: 1265 = 2 points Calories out: 100 maybe?  I cleaned stuff and got excited about having a bord. = 1/2 point Water: about 20 ounces = 1 point Stretching: we'll see.  30 1/2 points, maybe more if I stretch.  Double woot.    GOD I LOVE MY BORD.
1	Dear weather:  "rain/snow with HIGH WINDS" is not what I want to see on "what am I flying into tomorrow?" forecast.  No love,        ase     P.S. Please pass on to the gods of serendipidy that I want my day planner back. And would they please not attack my checked luggage either, as I'm sort of out of time to find carry-on luggage. -A.
1	him- "i wanna be able to be with my friends and have u there and say to them..."thats her"   :-)  :-)  :-)      ~Jeannette Marie~
0	heart is about to break and so is your life  boyfriends become the ex loose their girl then loose their life drops out of school goes back to selling drugs on the streets joins a gang gets kicked out of his house looses everything  tries to forget the past talks with disrespect to the one he "loved" tries to forget the people he loves what is there to brag about now?   can i help should i be there dispite his disrespect for me can i get him back on tract should i get help can i help him realize the mistake he makes will i get to him before it gets to late can i help him realize there is always someone who cares can i show him he is not dead before he gets killed will he listen  i need guidance  and so does he can i help   i guess im going through a bad time....
0	Next week i will find my self some where i guess i should of never left...     I'm sorry i'm leaving     Back to swartz creek
0	Nobody ever posts in here any more and I have yet to see batty's ass...
1	Heading up once again to Boston...though my flight leaves an hour earlier than expected and arrives about two hours later.  Eh.  And I hope you guys had a great New Years!  (6:04 Eastern, to be precise...Flight 1418 on American Airlines)  I'll post again when I'm safe on the ground.  =3
0	Man today fuckin sucked I called my boyfriend and he gave the phone too his sister and he wouldn't even talk too me at all so I asked him he was avoiding me and he said "Pay back is a bitch aint it" I was like when the fuck did I ever ignore u? and he couldn't answer me!! He is such an asshole why the fuck do guys have too be so complicating and be such assholes?? this fuckin sucks damn it!! this shit is makin all depresed and shit man now I need a cigarette!!!! this is pissin me off soo fuckin bad!!! man my day started off good as hell since I got my bell button peirced and went bowling and got high but then I came home and called his ass and he fuckin ruined my fuckin night!!! I hate guys there such assholes man it fuckin sucks! I swear life just fuckin sucks!! I hate my life soo bad. I wish that I was someone else so fuckin bad!! this sucks!!!  britt:(
1	Well I did pretty good last night.  Saving up the last few hundred dollars to move in with Jer soon.  I went tanning, Jeremy's in town, kinda scary, not too worried though
0	   Today sucked from hell diet wise.  Started out ok I had a brekkie Sonic I had to shop so I had a brekkie burrito, small tots and a coffee, came home and made some GOOD coffee, then when the race got where I could do it I made a turkey burger and had a vanilla coke, then for lunch had about 9 chicken nuggets with a mixture of mustard and a catsup/steaksauce/hotsauce mixture to dunk em in.  The biggest blow came when I had a HUGE bowl of ice cream for dinner, I'd also had a frozen pop, you know the ones in the tube you freeze and push up to eat?  And some fruit gels.  I was angry and hurt and weary today, no willpower.  I'll be better tomorrow though, going to be a busy day, I have class and have to go to the bank and pick up my scripts.  More drugs oh goodie.     
0	you know what i just realized? i lose friends because i'm not a very good friend. i always think for some reason that i can make people forgive me when really, they're simply just tired of me & my ways. its normal to drift from people when you leave high school, but i'm honestly on bad terms with a lot of people & its because i dont treat people very well.   i'm going to change that, so i dont lose anymore friends.
1	um, who's probably going to see a yankees/boston game in may?       yeah, i know you're jealous.....you don't even wanna know where i'm probably gonna sit.          (ok, i'm done gloating now.)
1	yes 3 days with no work im so happy!! but it was great tonight randuh started at my store and we blocked all night it was funn!!! did a lot of talking (all my part)!! anywayz we have a plan for her birthday!!! our dirty lil secret!! anywayz it will be great!! so anywayz i so dont want to go to school tomarrow!! i so going to make jason go to the beach or something with me!!anywayz im tired and going to go do something so laters yo!
1	I was thinking of heading out to Therapy tomorrow night, but I want to see a movie first. Anybody up for seeing the 8:05pm show of The Ring 2 at Mission Valley and then heading over to the club?  If you do want to join up, you may want to pick up tickets online since its opening night and sure to sell out.
1	so my computer has been down forever but its fixed now. today im not sure what im doin, im goin over to alyssas house tonight at like 6 or so and then i think were hanging out with adam..that will be fun, i guess he's been wanting to hang out with me so who knows whats gonna happen** well im out &lt;3&lt;3
1	Dear Karen L; Your AlphaSmart has been shipped via USPS Priority. Estimated delivery in about 2-5 days. Thanks for your business. Sincerely, Jim
0	I will never bother you  I will never promise to  I will never follow you  I will never bother you   Never speak a word again  I will crawl away for good   I will move away from here  You wont be afraid of fear  No thought was put in to this  I always knew it would come to this   Things have never been so swell  I have never failed to feel  Pain   You Know your Right   I'm so warm and calm inside  I no longer have to hide  Lets talk about someone else  Steaming soup against her mouth  Nothing really bothers her  She just wants to love herself   I will move away from here  You wont be afraid of fear  No thought was put into this  I always knew to come like this   Things have never been so swell  I have never failed to feel  Pain  You know Your Right   Pain
1	Mwahahaha! Long time no speak. I didn't think anything could beworse than my first semester... but I was proved wrong by the second one. I really miss having my SGA class "support group"  ^-^'  Saw Nick while I was at the dollar store two minutes before it closed and I was buying the ugliest pair of pink old lady reading glasses I could find. (I needed them as a prop!! I swear!) It was a little embarassing.. But it was nice to see him again. He's so pretty. Even if you hate him you have to admit.. he's pretty. Not hot. Just pretty. Like Elijah Wood pretty.   Third lunch is icky.   I miss anyone I don't get to see anymore!   what the hell happened to the poor Live Journal goat!?!?!?!? *choke* Looks like he got caught in a hit and run.    ~BREAK!~  *scribble-y handwriting*   Having.. A...  Bad... Trip...   *twitch, twitch* Cold.. sweat.. bugs... Help, Mark- Collins..
1	Last night was pretty good. Minus the Bullet was good. Blood Never Dries was good. The Martyr Coalition was good. Leaving Neverland was one of the greatest bands ever.   I saw Dante and Sparrow at the show. I guess Japan Four broke up and now they are in a hardcore band. It was OK... I guess.  -Ashley diddn't go +Kim diddn't go!
1	Okay, my last long day of working a double shift before I go to Seattle. OMG! As soon as I get to work today I'm going to want to leave because I'm so excited!  I'm going to marry this man!  I'm not ready to get up cuz I'm still sleepy, but it's all gravy baby!  Have a great weekend!! When I come home I will have much to write! Or will I come home? ;-)
0	I have no one to call when I feel sad and just want to talk about nothing. I tried to call Matt but he just made me feel worse. This makes me even sadder. No one to call.
0	  HAHA ITS FRIDAYYY SKOOOLLSSS&nbsp; OVERRR..well for the weekend lmao..today was okay i guess..ive been thinkin al0t ab0ut tricia today..i miss her like crazy..i was crying today in 4th period..it was sad..well someones callin i gotz ta go..MUCH lOve       &nbsp;     ** TUPAC liVESSS Lol**  
0	I posted a little roommate ad on allmsu.  Hopefully that will be fruitful in some manner.  I'm off to work now.  The happiest moment of this week will be when I get off of work tonight with the knowledge that I won't have to go back to work at Holmes for two weeks.  Damn working in Holmes on the weekend, damn it to hell!  I got a raise, isn't that nice?  I'm pretty sure everyone gets a raise after working for one semester but I don't care.  More money is more money.
1	I am roasting a duck for Easter Dinner tomorrow.  The baste/glaze is made of (among other things) balsamic vinegar (aged four years in wood no less ~amused~) honey, maple sugar, orange juice and some really great (potent) orange liquer. I can't wait to eat it. ~thrums~  I'm also excited about the Risotto Primavera - only because the parmesan I have to go in it is so fragrant it makes my mouth water...  mmmm...organic food is your friend.  One of the ingredients for the Risotto is dry white wine. What is it with me and these alcoholic dishes?
0	It is nearly 3am in rural west TN.  There are no cities and we should so have some stars outside.  It is quite depressing really.  Other news mapquest is retarded when I beat the mapquest time by over an hour and I wasn't speeding (yes big shock) something is wrong.  Lauren's team lost 7-0 and 2-1 but hey I went and did the big brother thing.  My parents are all paranoid because they are just sure that I will get the gig in Wyoming.  I'm 90% sure I won't get it.    Girls Gone Wild is in Jackson this weekend and I'm being pressured to go but I think I have previous engangements with Beth.  And dance clubs aren't my thing anyway.
0	Ah well...its been a while since i've updated, i dunno why, heres some info to fill you in   - I tried to film my AM wired tape today, but there were many problems and its going to be filmed later. - I like a girl...but she likes somebody else so hope...lost. - I was sick for about 3 days, a bit better now. - To cold to skate out, damnit - Jon's home from college - some asshole rear ended my dad today, he's ok and the car has no damage :-) -I've been crapping my pants due to christmas being 4 days away -My birthday is less then a month away -I bought the dane cook comedy cd, which i absolutley love -abbey is very happy i'm updating my LJ -i'm running out of things to say, mostly forgot them -with my love for standup comedy, i'm thinking of doing it one day -i'm done now -later
1	THE FUNK HAS LIFTED...  i was in a seriously weird "i wanna go home" mood yesterday...  so i did 1130 out of 1500 words of my lab report and now i am allll HAPPY HAPPY JOY JOY  weee hoooo  plus i cannot wait till the CO & CA gig theres a poster for it and everything o.0 :D   "burn your wings" 
0	but I miss you so much, A month ago today you left everyone who loves you. I can't stand the sadness but I know I have to be strong and live my life, why is this so hard? I'll never get any calls from you again, I'll never get to see you again but worst of all I'll never get to hear you tell me how much you love me. I know my tears wont bring you back but I just sometimes wish that they would and that this whole mess would be just a big nightmare. I LOVE YOU. I know you're my angel now, please keep me safe....
1	 ohh counting down the days till july 16th am i!! :o)      You scored as   .        Hermione Granger             75%       Harry Potter             75%       Albus Dumbledore             70%       Sirius Black             60%       Remus Lupin             60%       Ginny Weasley             60%       Ron Weasley             55%       Draco Malfoy             45%       Severus Snape             35%       Lord Voldemort             5%        Your Harry Potter Alter Ego Is...?   created with  QuizFarm.com    
1	Int II - Green Soph English - Piper Soph Bio - Cobb Spanish II - Ackels Soph Weights - Ballew WA State History - Olsen  Those are my 3rd tri classes
1	So I've decided that the summer after my sophmore year I'm going to study abroad in France. I'm not going to Paris. I'm tired of cities. I'm not going to England because I already know what overcast looks like. I'm going to the south of France; and the program has it so that you can take a weekend in Italy too! I'll kill two birds with one stone!  I've also changed my plans for after college too. Instead of getting a loft and immediately searching for work, I'm going to backpack through Europe and find some way to go to as many countries as possible. And I'm not going to be one of those people who says all of these things and doesn't do them. I'm doing this. And I'm taking Di, Ashley, and B with me.       All of these random, ugly people keep poking me on facebook...  &gt;:(
1	             You Are A Professional Girlfriend!  You are the perfect girlfriend - big surprise!  Heaven knows you've had enough practice. That's why you're a total pro.  If there was an Emily Post of girlfriends, it would be you.  You know how to act in every situation ... to make both you and your guy happy.       What Kind Of Girlfriend Are You? Take This Quiz :-)        Find the Love of Your Life  (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance.      
1	 Congratulations to       tryptophan    for being accepted to MED SCHOOL!   that so rules.  you so rule!
0	you give me enough rope to hang myself with,  but not enough to get far enough away so you're out of my fucking head. running only gets me so far before i break down and come back crawling on my hands and knees begging forgivness for things you've done wrong  well, i'm sick of being the one who's burning on both ends. you're so lovely sometimes i'd like to rip your skin off and make it my own. but the rest of the time you're so crazy i want to just leave you alone. i guess i'm the crazy one for still playing my part but it's all i know and all i am comfortable with  you display your affection like a rusty nail: sure doesn't look like much, but it hurts like hell when i step all over it.  take andvantage of the ones who love you, friend, cause they're the only ones who aren't gunna leave you
0	Amma left today for 2 weeks. I'm gonna miss her...no one to call me everyday and check up on me.  No one to fight with...to bicker at when I'm moody. No one to make me food or coffee in the morning. Sometimes I wonder how I ever lived without her for 8 months last year. And at other times I wonder how I plan on living without her the next few years or so. She's only been gone a few hours but I can't help but worry..I hope she gets there alright, and I hope she has tons of fun. She totally needs a vacation, away from her dumb family in Toronto and with her nice ones in Europe. I'm so jealous, I wish I was there with her. I'm still waiting for her call...to know that she has reached there safely. I miss my amma!!
1	I have a cool book on Heian Japan! I have an even cooler book that shows you all sorts of ways to build, design, and use shoji screens! AND I HAVE BLEACH MANGA!  THANK YOU       itlandm   !
0	Forgot Assignment 7 was due yesterday.  Forgot that I have to do a paper for CSI 120 due tomorrow morning at 12:10 AM.  Forgot that Responce 10 was due in ENG 101.  This calls for a restructuring in planning. I need an agenda where I can stay motivated and regularly do my work. :/ I need to think about this...*remembers to transfer HCC transcript to STCC*
0	my brother is in from chicago to work at the duty free convention. Travel Market Insider is finished and looks really fantastic, my mom is amazing. We are ready to start working and cocktailing and all that jazz.  my folks are getting me an ipod for my birthday so I dont have to drag my three million and thirty five cds to NY.  Dori found a potential apartment for me and frankie on roosevelt island which is very lovely, and I could envision living there.  i feel kind of bummed.I have this entire week. I wish I had something to look forward to in the near future. Everything grand seems too far away, and Im pretty lonely. My family is great but i miss my friends.  the boy i love is always too far away, even when hes standing right next to me.   this entry wasnt supposed to be so down but ive been listening to loretta lynn all day long and she sure sings the country blues.  im gonna go play with mikey and get the dog to play-attack him because its real funny.
1	Yay! My mom called me tonight to let me know some exciting news:  *Someone whose wedding I filmed a few years ago is hiring me to film his wife's daughter's wedding in August. Woohoo! I &lt;3 family recommendations.   *My parents are buying me a new camera and a new tripod to replace the ones I had previously been borrowing from the church; now I will  own  all my equipment! :D Yay for having 2 awesome tripods and 2 cameras...  *My dad decided the new camera needs to be HDV. Woohoo! Plus it'll probably be like a CanonXLS or something  extremely  cool like that ... it's about time I got a heavy-duty camera, right? :D :D :D  So YAY for already having a wedding lined up for this summer (*hugs large chunk of guarunteed income*) and SUPER YAY for a new camera and tripod hee hee hee.
1	So I'm on maternity leave till January sometime, it may be longer, who knows. But I do know that I'm actually quite happy today. No responsibilites toward others except to make sure Nathan goes to school and the animals are fed and other than that nothing! It's very nice!
1	Still trying to get back into the every day habit.  Still not succeeding.  Sigh.  Well, I got out this morning and mowed the front lawn.  It doesn't seem like a great accomplishment, but I have an old (read: reel) mower.  I know; I bought it, thinking it wouldn't be as had as it is.  Wore me out!  After that I got some other household chores done.  Laundry, dishes, banking, groceries, that sort of thing.  Petty stuff, some might say, but they had to be done.  Watched the Frasier send-off on Dateline this evening.  Sad, but inevitable.  Well, Miss Kimmiepie needs to be tucked in shortly, so I should keep this short.  Chow fer now...
1	I reccomend the subject movie, To Sir, With Love, to EVERYBODY. In fact, it should be played in schools to portray that attitude. The movie was a beautiful coronation of attitude problems and such.   Everyone should see this movie. :)
1	SIN CITY WAS DA BOMB YO  Now on my list of fav's.   Don't forget to lose an hour tonight.  -AsH
1	     What Is Your True Aura Colour?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	I am such a goof! I looked up the store where the table is, and it isn't as much as I thought it was! Yay! The table is about 230:- and the chairs are about 200:- ! So, not as much as I thought.. and I can't figure out how I thought it was so much. :/ Hmm.. :) Oh well!  Sorry that I kept posting about the weather. :/ :) It has just been so nice here the last week. :) Very sunny, and getting warm, just a little cool breeze that I wouldn't mind getting rid of. :/ :)  Happy Easter, btw! :) Eller Glad Påsk! :)
1	Thank you, thank you,       rikahp   !  :D   Abby & Sirius 
1	Welp, today marks the first day of going over to Ken's and helping Kendra do things around the house. I haven't the first clue what I'll be doing, as their house is quite clean to my eyes, though I'm supposing it'll be things like some yard work, vacuuming, etc. I'm just unsure of what I'll be doing for 8 hours. Possibly going out with Kendra to help her with things like groceries or such. Anyway, I'm more than happy to help and getting paid for it's just icing on the cake. Plus by calling yesterday to CVS, I made a good impression on the manager, who has 30 applications to go through, but told me only about 10-20% of the applicants call back to see about them, so I'm already ahead of the game. We'll see... I'm hoping the time I said I couldn't work won't knock me out of the running. It was only Friday eve/night and Sunday afternoon. And the Sunday can be commuted in a heartbeat. *shrug* Anyway, off to shower and go get gas.
1	My mom flew out to see me yesterday and it is nice to see her again. I should post my address in Iraq tomorrow or monday. I can't wait to leave. I have also desided to try then indoct for Force Recon when I get back with my buddy Woody, his real name, and hopefully I'll make it. I can't wait to get there and finally use all the training I have gotten.  My grandpa just got out of the hospital and he has a leaking heart valve and he wieghs 115 pounds. I don't think he will be alive when I get back and I won't except the emergency leave to go home for the funeral.   I watched The Boondock Saints Thursday. That is the greatest movie ever made. If you haven't seen it you are wrong.   I just got a hearing test done and I have lost alot of hearing in both ears since boot camp. It sucks but o'well.
1	"Because of you I notice the taste of water, a luxury I might otherwise have missed."  I have had an amazing week.  - PMC
0	Yesterday in class me and some gurls were talkin bout 'guys and stuff'. I've been fine w/o a boyfriend and i really DONT need one. I just miss the male company. Im a major flirt but im never interested in any of the guys im around. Is something wrong w/ me? Half the time i want a b/f again and other times i just want a fling......but a fling is outta the question. Im not goin to do that to myself again. I just need to TODALLY get over SomeOne!!! But i dont know what else to do.     Ill just sit back and wait till a great guy comes along and then i wont be lonely. Right?
0	   I only have one thing to say and then I'm washing my hands of everything.  Friends don't sit idly by and watch each other make the same mistake over and over again, they try to intervene.  Maybe my concept of friendship differs from yours...    We have one chance. One chance to get everything right. We have one chance, one chance. And if we're lucky we might. My friends, my habits, my family, they mean so much to me. I just don't think that it's right. I've seen so many ships sail in, just to head back out again and go off sinkin'.   
0	If you ever feel like your life sucks, please watch "Hotel Rwanda" and shut the fuck up.  Thank you.
0	"In  his heart a man plans his course, but the Lord determines his steps."- Proverbs 16:9  How many times does God have to teach me this lesson until I actually get it?! Sometimes i'm just so stubborn... Just because I feel like something is right- doesn't necessarily mean it is- apparently God has other plans for me.  It may be hard now- but ultimately He's in control of my life and has a greater purpose for it.
1	I am going to bed soon, but I must write. I saw the Fast and the Furious tonight, it was SO good. Anyway...I am going to San Fransisco soon! WOOHOO. I need to save lotsa money though.  We're staying in a hostel cause it's cheap to do that. I have to work tomorrow, and I am going to see if I can get six days a week so I can make extra cash. Well I am off to bed. Peace
1	      ironkite    sent me this flash game  Gravity   Now how am I supposed to get any work done.  Its the new internet crack!  Replaces  Curveball  the previous internet crack!
0	So much wasted time. Three hours to study for an Advanced Algebra that I assume I did badly. What's the damn point of finals?   Whatever. I guess I'll take the make-up tommorrow. Right after I get that Criminal Law test I got a 70 on.
0	The ineptitude of the average bungling human never ceases to suprise me. Often I stay very cynical, because when I let up, I usually seem to always be disappointed. Well when I feel like this, the only thing to do is to learn, and that I will do.  Word of the day:  raillery 
1	Hi people!  I seriously have no time to write in here these days...not that you read it anyway, but thats not the point. I use it to rant off....do you really think that i would be completly real in here. I kinda have issues of that fact that total strangers could be reading this. I only update so my mates can read it (if you do that is guys) :P  Anyway, I am off to Newcastle tomorrow. I can't wait to see my nana and James and Glenn and Matt (hopefully)
0	One of my hammies died today.    But, David Bowie is coming out with his Reality album, so that makes me happy.  I love David Bowie.  My hammies love him too.  I miss my little hammie.  But, I have 3 others to keep me company.   I held her as she died until he called, then my mother held her until she just sort of sighed and was gone.  I miss my poor hammie.    *goes to a corner and cries*
1	Im back to the living...  Call me sometime after 5, otherwise IM workin.
1	&lt; evil laughter &gt;  Got the Navy blue and green skirt...  
0	I wish I could see you, father. I wish I could meet you just once. I need you, father. I need you, mother. ::sighs::....  -Fox
1	       You scored as  atheism . You are... an atheist, though you probably already knew this. Also, you probably have several people praying daily for your soul.  Instead of simply being "nonreligious," atheists strongly believe in the lack of existence of a higher being, or God.       atheism             92%       Paganism             79%       Satanism             71%       Buddhism             50%       Islam             38%       agnosticism             38%       Judaism             33%       Hinduism             21%       Christianity             13%        Which religion is the right one for you? (new version)   created with  QuizFarm.com     Yeah, duh, I guess. I love that Agnosticism is listed towards the end, after a bunch of things. See, Atheism isn't just the extreme of the other.
0	im very upset.  i woke up this morning early (not on pupose).  figured sense its one of the only tuimes u wake up at 6 i would beable to catch my hamhams eventually.  i got online to check what time they come on and what do i find?  BULL SHIT.  either cartoon netword is incorect or they no longer have hamtaro cartoons on anymore.  they still have there games on the site what when i checked a weeks worth of TV listings for the station it says nothing of hamtaro and his BIG adventures.  I am sad and angry and well... i guess this mean si just have ot buy ALL the dvds.  still.  poop.
0	I have a friggin awesome boyfriend. He's so sweet and cute and has a great personality. I love him very very much. He's 22 years old, lives in a different state than me and is in the army. I miss him very much because I can't see him everyday and kiss him everday.....and so on. But I am happy that he is all mine and I can talk to him everyday. :) k I think I'll be going to bed soon. I'll post more later.
1	I'm out.  Spring break has begun.  Countdown: 29 hours, 50 minutes
1	Today I took my grandma to the doctor's in Bakersfield she two appointments one at 9:30 and the other at 12:00. We got home at like 1:30 so that was fun to spend the day with her. When I got home there was message from my coach on the phone and we finally have a softball game tonight I am so excited because I have been waiting since the first of this month so the ballfields could get some more insurance.
0	I wrote a whole addit in how depressed I am and why But I deleted it...... you dont wanna know :)  xxx
1	I kicked my Computer Science final exam's @$$.  I had a low D in that class before my final and ended up with a final grade of an A.  I got a 106/100 on the exam.  Yay. :)  I'm pleased as punch because, while this is needless to say, my studying finally paid off.  I'd also like to thank the gods for chances to make up points on midterms via the final.  That is a godsend.
0	i had a really good day today...did pretty good on my test, played some computer games, youknow good friday by my standards...  then grandpa denny calls (my dad's dad) he asks me if i know where my dad is, cause he cant get a hold of him. i say no...i know something is wrong. i can feel it. so he tells me. my great grandfather (dad's grandpa) had a heart attack or a stroke this morning! in florida! its only him adn my great grandma! so now my mom has been calling the hospital talking to his docs (the perks of having a doctor in the family...you have an in). he is in a coma...its bad...he's on a ventilater and hes nonresponsive...and my grandma is all by herself...this sucks!   it just sucks!
1	Well, I seem to have beat all the other ZE Kappas on LJ to the punch! Zeta Epsilon chapter got five GREAT women through formal recruitment this past week. Quota was at 6, but we actually managed to have the same number of girls as the other two because of a COB! :)    And since I am a top three Panhellenic officer, I was anonymous, so it feels great to be able to scream that I am Kappa at the top of my lungs!!!
0	I Suppose I'm just another hormone driven idiotic freak on the edge of being crazy. I kept lying to my self hoping. But I guess I always knew I was lying to my self. I guess there really is just something seriously wrong with me. I'm sorry every one, I'm sure most of you don't know what I'm talking about but It dosen't matter, if you would like to know, maby I'll tell you if you ask.
0	I´m feeling too much pain in my heart... The Pope is passing away but, I´m sure that he is in the road to heaven with GOD... Sorry my friends, I´m on tears :(
1	so today i was santa for a whole bunch of little kids today at the hammond school, and it was fun. The reason i do it is because for that 1 out of 10 kids that are happy to be there, i make their day better. But i do have to say, im worried about the growing number of over- weight todlers, i literaly got a work out today from hefting some of those pudge balls onto my knees. So now im sore all over, but im still emotionaly sound. Im really happy guys. Thanks for listenin.
0	umm ya I slept till noon and was woken up by my grandmother asking me to clean a path to the car. My dad showed up like 20 min. later and took her to the hospital. The doctor suggested that we take her to the hospital so we did and we were there for almost 4 1/2 hours :-( on the way home my dad asked me if i wanted to curl for him tonite. I agreed thinking that it would at least get my mind off of my grandma and the fact that its valentines day. It didn't help much but I did have some fun  and lost the game big time :-P Oh well its my dads team and not mine so i don't really care. Well today was pretty much a waste of time and energy.
1	  Waaah! You're so LOVABLE! Everybody likes you, because you're a great person to have around and it's always happy about everything ^^. congrats! and...can I hug you?? plz! ^///^      Yet another personality test ^-^ (nice anime pics!) NEW outcome!!     brought to you by  Quizilla    I LOVE QUIZES!!! :3
0	well from my last post to this one nothing changed....my life suxx went to new roc friday and was witnesses some crazy ass boriqua fight. then the girl passed out, cuz her ass was drunk as fuck. and met this weird group of people (shasha don't be mad when you read this) and one of my friend's really ugly ass crushes (god too obvious....well i dont give a fuck ur too pretty for him)  i think i'm not as social as i could be..it's kindof embarrassing...i'm too quiet...i've made like 1 friend at my new school...but i kinda feel like i tuned them out...but they tuned me out ...if they could only listen...and there are things that are holding me back...retarded things...retarded person...i need to let them go..i want friends dammit..i want to be invited places too! ( HAHA shasha i kno what you mean, you loser)  aAaAhHh....i let it out..feel better  much better
1	So I definately found out something i NEVER FUCKING WANTED TO KNOW..... damnit... dont come up to me and ask me if you have a chance with my ex gf... and no, i dont want details about how you guys kissed and she said that she liked you... congra-tu-fucking-lations. blah.. but no, i will not let it ruin my happy streak, no no no... I am going to play with my friends now... bc they are fabulous.. and El is out of town... so I need to play with someone... and the club just wasnt doin it for me tonite. yay.... heres to ignoring the shit and taking in tommorrow....
1	Cool kid, yupp. He's a sl00t bucket. &lt;3 Just kidding mike, you're my ninja!!  Mikes dog is cool when he's not being an idiot. Mike needs to buy a compfy chair. His mom's speakers just picked up a cb signal and it scared the shit outta him! He's not my muse, and he can't just pull stuff to talk about outta his ass. Mike thinks I'm a penis scab. P.S. Mike's mom is cool!! OHOH!! And guess what, Mike checks his mom for weapons before he gives her a hug.. And then they count down.. It's cute! Yupp. Mike, you're the shizzle.
1	PRIVATE  It was a lovely birthday after all. I spent a nice hour with Conbec walking the grounds, the weather was lovely. Then this evening Irma and Minerva came by with gifts and stayed for a drink. Irma's gift was two very nice goose-feather quills, bottles ink (black and red) and some very fine plain parchment. She hoped  it would keep me out of that horrible cupboard the staff uses and avoid injury.  Greatly appreciated.  Minerva brought me a fine bottle of MacGillivrays...liquor is  always  a brilliant gift in my book. I think she needed a drink after the week she has had..... Now that I'm free I feel like I am beginning again in establishing relationships with my colleagues. Not a bad thing and tonight was a lovely beginning.  I am so looking forward to tomorrow.   I will be spending Sunday with Father...I guess Mother will be there too. sigh.  E
1	I finally have my license!!! woo-hoo!!! and a car!!! double woo-hoo!!!!  I know I waited a long time, but I really didnt have a choice.
0	I've got six days and counting to find a new roommate or vacate the premises.  Since I've been looking for a new roommate for over two months now I'm pretty much outta here.  So, I've been spending the day not getting any actual work done.  (What's the point starting projects when I'm not going to be around to finish them anyway.) :sigh: Starting to sort through the crap to determine what Aural Tradition needs, what is worth getting someone to store for me, and what to just leave behind for the landlord/dumpster.  It's amazing how much crap I've acquired in almost three years of living here.  I moved in with two plastic bags worth of possessions and I've now got a fully furnished two story house with stuff stashed EVERYWHERE.  Oh well, it's been a pretty good run.  Far more productive then most of the stable portions of my life.  Aural Tradition is a 100% good thing and I have confidence it will continue to on in some form or another...
0	feh!   i am such an idiot.  i just now realized that on the 7 applications i sent out for english teaching jobs, i forgot to sign every single fucking cover letter.  i'm just a moron.. i broke my chances with those places, and most of those were the closer jobs. the only listings i've found now are all the way next to NYC, where i really don't want to go.  i suck at this.  maybe i am not meant to be a teacher.
1	So I wake up 20 minutes ago, I walk to the kitchen to find something to eat, and what should I find on the table? A McDonald's bag with a McGriddle and a hash brown in it.    Giggity giggity... allllll riiiiiight....
1	oh yeah and i am so excited about getting my camera i will most likely pee myself christmas morning.
1	Did anyone ever see the movie "They"? I never got to and I'm not sure if it's on video or what, but I was wondering what everybody thought of it.   imdb.com  shows that Ethan will be in a movie called Pizza and Harold and Kumar Go To White Castle-both of which slated to open in 2004. Interesting. :)
1	This just in.  There is a Zaxby's, I repeat, a Zaxby's on John Young Parkway in Kissimmee.  All units please report ASAP to indulge in some spicy fried mushrooms and zax's sauce.
0	OH KNOEZ  I just bought  2 tires to replace my bald fronts a pair of Axxis metal master pads for my fronts SS brake lines all around taylor plug wires.  OH KNOZE.
0	sometimes i wish i could turn back time  sometimes i wish i could see into the future  sometimes i wish i wasnt so selfish  sometimes i wish i could say i love you more  sometimes i wish i could take back all the bad things i said and done  sometimes i wish everything would go back to the way it was  sometimes i wish my dad was still here  sometimes i wish i could have said goodbye  why does everything have to happen the way it does?  why did i have to lose 3 grandparents and my dad all in one year?
1	~a card from my uncle in Connecticut ~a present from my uncle and family in Maine(which I can't open until Christmas) ~A rose from Miss Jolley ~A balloon and bath stuff from Deana ~A card from the ladies on the preschool side ~A cake from Leah  Only 2 more days!!!!!!!!
1	I got an A- on my english exam...........................which I thought I got a D on.
1	Well only have 5 min. to be on-line.  Just wanted to tell everyone that I am back and doing well with my unit.  I hope to have more time later to reply to everyone and say thank you for your prayers.  I love you all.  Travis  PS:  No better birthday present then being back with my fellow Marines.
1	+woke up all early and talked with marty for a little bit +played tony hawk ++went back to sleep -woke up with no easter basket :[ +played some more tony hawk with my sis ++marty came over ++++My mom told me to brush my teeth and I then found my easter basket on my sink..weirdos! :] +/-we went to see Guess Who? Marty and I had already seen it ----I was playing the claw machine thing and I had a kitten from Strawberry Shortcake and it DROPPED It &gt;:[ -I lost my earring ++My daddy made steaks for dinner ++marty stayed till 9 and he was only supposed to stay till 6:30 I think +im actually excited about practice tomorrow ++I think its only cause fernie,kim,myself, and prolly a few others are gonna hang out after -can't decide where to go though +++mom said I can prolly take the van YEA! +++fernie showed me these kick ass sites with shows that are awesome!! too bad we cant do them :[ +im gonna go play my PS2..tootles.
1	Thank you Draco for making my night so entertaining.  It's wonderful to spend it in the company of someone such as yourself.  Talking with you is always so rewarding.  Let's do it again, soon.  Millicent, I'm sorry I didn't run into you.  However, we did try your House Elf idea.  It's brilliant.  Blaise why was Harry bothering me looking for you?  I told him we don't need his snitch, as the one I ordered him one and it will be here tomorrow.
1	     Your Life as a Celebrity by   Karen_Walker        username           reason for being famous      star of a reality show talk show host game show host actor actress pop star rock star rapper model screen writer director producer celebutante heiress fashion designer       plastic surgery you've had done      nose job botox chin implant boob job liposuction eye lift new butt       your tabloid scandal    involved in an affair      your stalker    magsby      your best friend           your nemesis           the tabloids think you're dating           you're really dating           your secret lover           your bitter ex           how long you stay in the spotlight    a whole month               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       I'm totally dating Johnny.  ..  But does anyone else think Megan Mulally would be a  scary  arch-nemesis?
1	...which brings me to my next point... people often speak in the 1st person sg. ...there are those of the sort who speak in 1st pl.... every once in awhile.. you'll hear a 2nd sg. ... never have i heard anyone speak in the 3rd pl... i tried doing it a few times... but... people just don't seem to get it.... which is a shame... maybe i should try speaking in 2nd pl? that could get messy...
1	Hey everyone still aint gotta house but we will be moving in with my aunt soon so i will probley be able to get online alittle maybe 30 mins everyday or twice a week, Me and Tommy are engaged and when i'm 18 we are allowed to get married so wish me luck I'm actually happy even without a house but I just figured i'd update y'all have fun cant wait to here from y'all Love Always  Candi
0	      Katie   is a   Mushroom-Eating Proboscis Monkey    ...with a Battle Rating of   3.4        To see if your  Food-Eating Battle Monkey  can defeat Katie, enter your name:           
1	So Tina and I are gonna have a little get-together here sometime Saturday.  Personally I'm putting an emphasis on gaming & drinking, and people are encouraged to participate in both and then spend the night - got plenty of crash space.  "Gaming" is very broad - console, board game, card game, computer game...I've just been in the mood for playing games lately.  There are the staple console games available (Halo 2, Mario Kart, Smash Bros, DDR, etc), Tina and I just learned to play Go, and we're always up for Chess, still have the card games Munchkin 2 & 3 that have never even been tried out!  Of course, none of these 3 (gaming, drinking, crashing) are required - if you wanna just hang out, come meet the kitties  *COUGH*       thekat03    *COUGH* , come on over.  No official time for it to get started, guessing around 6-7ish, although if people show up before dinner we'll order pizza or something.  RSVP appreciated, but not required.
1	Wow this spring break has been the best ever, even though it is the last as far as highschool goes. My mind has felt so clear. I walked into Waffle House alone with a book and four hours later walked out leaving all of my anxiety and worry and it has not been back since. I am so fortunate in every aspect of my life really. oh and Happy Rooster Fest was rockin!
0	   Outbid by  86 cents ???? ERRRGH!! And I kept upping my price, too.  The frustrating thing is that I'm too upset about this and it's one of those days when you know that...there are extraneous reasons for wanting to cry.  On the other hand, I feel like a wimp because I asked her about a custom order a gazillion years ago, she never got back to me after the second email exchange, I never asked again, and she sounded stressed anyway, so I didn't want to bother her. Not to mention...umm...something I can't think of at the moment. anyway...I'm a wimp who doesn't want to bother people.   Gah, owie. I'm going to sleep now.  Dad's cooking something yummy-smelling. I have no idea if I'm hungry, but it smells yummy. I hope it's not ready in...the next....10 minutes.  *curlsup* errrgh.  ergherghergh. I needed to win something today. Like...wings? Or maybe a cookie. *pouts*
0	And when I thought the world around me couldn't get worse.. it did. Fuck you, reality.
1	going to work early getting off early going up to alpine to hopefully find Lauren found her rode with her for a while hit some jumps (gave her some pointers,now she is good) she left so i went to adri's hung out cause her parents wern't home went to meijer came home and now going to bed It was a good night
1	Well, my best friend is now a father.  I've always told him that if he had children, it would be a sign of the apocalypse, so you'd all better be ready to repent.  Welcome to the world, Kieran!
1	Take the quiz:  "What piercing are you?"     Lip  You're not one of the popular kids, but who cares? you like it that way. you would rather die than be part of their crowd. you may doubt yourself at times but you know you're cool!   I am amused.
1	Hi. I might not be able to login for a few weeks because of School of -Hack. I just want everyone to know that I am well and having the time of my life. Working with Hans-Peter and the guys of DnD has been a very inspiring experience. Watch out for our photos at  FreiOss.net  next week. :)  P.S. I've been working with German Knoppix, SuSE and Windows Operating systems for a week now and loving it. I'm glad I haven't forgotten my Linux and that Hans thinks I'm doing fine.   When I come back, I'll show that anti-opensource guy from work how easy it is to get all important data from his "mouse-clicking" machine. Should be  peanuts , as we all say here in training. :D
0	A BIG INTERNET HUG TO DOVIE TILL I CAN SEE YOU AGAIN!!! ;_;  I'm sorry about your grandpa dear!  I'm here and I love you!  I shall get a time machine and make this week stop. &gt;&lt;  Once again, I just don't know what I could say that doesn't sound stupid or useless.  *huuuuuuuuugs*
1	  ~*~Beautiful Soul~*~ You're the type of person who is loving, giving, sweet, generous, genuine, and optimistic. You see the beauty around you and you admire it for its faults, as well as perfections. Most likely a dreamer, you are highly respected and liked. People like to be around you because you make them happy. You have a wonderful personality and you're beautiful inside and out!         You're Beautiful...but why? ( PICS)     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	           HOW BLONDE ARE YOU???????          Full Name         Whats your fav. number?         DOB?         Fav. Color?          Your Lucky Number      63497        What Your Baby Will Look Like           MAGIC 8 BALL     (8)  -  Better not tell you.   - (8)      How Much Money You Will Make In Your Life      $245,979,186.51        YOU THINK FINDING NEMO IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER!      FALSE       HOW BLONDE ARE YOU? -  53%                                                                                    This   Quiz   by   CNORTH04   - Taken 1099 Times.          New -  Dating Advice  written by YOU!             
1	who got a 14 cent raise today??!?!    moving on up. :)
0	11 days till my birthday. I am completly sick of this pos job. I need something that I can atleast semi enjoy. I need a job where I sit on my ass in a office infront of a computer and type things into it. *sigh* maybe I will just end up as nothing in life. Though I cant get one of those jobs because why would they hire a gas station attendent who hardly passed high school and hasnt gone to college.  Thank you Melissa for making me relize just how stupid I am working here. To bad I probably wont be able to prove you wrong in the end.*sigh*  *looks down the barrell of a gun thinking if only it was just a restart button not a game over. I could redo myself and not make the same mistakes I did last time that made me fat and ugly and unlikable. If only.....*
0	very sadly, it's terribly hard to disagree with  this post .
1	I got a job, a regular 40 hour a week job.  I'll be moving to Colorado Springs, CO as of right now.  Questions? Concerns? Let me know! Happy Valentine's Day!
0	....Someone broke into my car and stole some stuff, including my CDs.  Dammit, what the hell is wrong with people?  Good luck, I wish you well.  
0	Ok i feel being away for so long is putting a big impact on my friends.  I fell like the person who is my best friend is drifting away as a best friend, again.  I don't want this to happen. This person is the only real friend that i have left all others have turned their backs on me.  I don't need another one.  This person barely talkes to me any more, and i fell like there are other things that are getting in the way of our friendship.(this person knows what im talking about) O don't want to say who this person is because i don't want it to hurt our friendship or anything else. I really miss this person, and talking and hanging out with this person every day
1	 SOOOO I'm super excited about Savannah! I can't wait! Work is boring. I can't wait to be a mechanic! I need to lose 5 lbs (or 10, if i wanna be real about it...but i dont. Ugh. Oh, and the decision has been made official:    IM KEEPING THE DIAMONDS!     those suckers are so mine. I'm gonna wear them, too. I wore my bracelet today with absolutely no shame. So...Yea, they mine.    EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE I ordered a pizza! Way to start losing that 5 pounds, eh? HAHA! I'm gonna LOVE IT THOUGH WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO    10-4, o-o    &nbsp;    ps:      
0	I am doing a friends cut.  To those that I am unfriending,  It is NOT personal. It isn't because I hate you or anything like that. It is either because we don't talk much anymore, or you have stopped posting, or we just have nothing in common. I honestly don't have the time anymore to go through tons of friends posts.  I am so very sorry. I know what it is like to be unfriended, and I really hate having to do this.  Rachael.
0	it may seem like my life is goin great it may seem like i might not need you it may seem like i dont care about you but deep down inside its the way you felt an i guess i gotta play with the cards i was dealt
1	I dodged the bullet. or i just stood still and the bullet missed me by a lot. that bullet got pwned.  well, im gonna give myself a stranger bye!
1	Sin City is AWEEESSSSOOOMMMEEE!!!!  Why does Michael Clark Dunkin RULE so FLIPPING much?  Wow, I just think he is beyond awesome in anything he will ever do.  Best actor EVER.  Period.  Beth?  WTC dude?  You're 17!  Where WERE you?  Wendys, McDonalds, and Dr Pepper.  Awesome.  Throw in a kick movie.  Even awesomer.  Good times Rachl.  Good times.  What?  I have a tennis match tomorrow?  Sleep!
1	So, it's been an eventful week. *sigh* I've never been happier in my life, or more guilty. I'm just glad that I've made peace with my twin, and he has made peace with Lee. I wish I could find a way to salvage my friendships with Alicia, Katie and, most especially, Ang.   Lee and I won't be at the Ball. Neither of us want to hurt Ang, but we can't  not  go together.   In other news, I've been studying a lot for my classes **with Lee**, which should please my Mum. **except for skipping Potions that day**
0	     Generate your Anime Style by   Jena-su        Name:           Hair:    Short and brightly coloured.      Clothes:    Leather, belts, chains, bondage pants, collars, and tight shirts.      Powers:    Light magic      Special Features:    Elf ears      Sidekick:    Large dragon.      Attitude:    Cool, calm, and collected.  You rarely lose your composure, so when you do, it's pretty amusing.      Weapon:    Shuriken               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       ......elf ears.....want a dragon bad.....how do they know this stuff??   heavy sighs....
0	this entry is dedicated to fiona who must leave which is sad   "FIONA I &lt;3 YOU DONT LEAVE"   my cake   is the finest (thank you lindsay)       les forchettes sont tres amusants (forks are amusing)       i love fiona   aussi lindsay (my oldest friend) and jamie (my therapist)   franny my bus buddy   my gangsters   my BFF (she claims she doesnt picture well)   this is a nice picture so basically... i love everyone and fiona especially and i will miss her and her jacket and her shoes ;ALDKBND;FAGLHIA;ORTIAD;HK tear
1	 OMG I'm SO excited!!!    All That reunion special airing on Nickelodeon Sat. April 23rd, 8/7 central  !!!!!  I loved that show SO much. Snick you to rock back in the day. Kids tv sucks now.     Nickelodeon has announced that they will be releasing, DVD's of some of the original all that. The Best of Vital Information / Big Ear of Corn, The Best of Ishboo / Superdude, and The Best of Goodburger. All 3 of them will be released in September!  *SO EXCITED* 
0	The world is a lonely place.  And my room is messy, but I'm too tired and bummed out to clean it up.    Bed time.
0	.. Uh, I'm sick of being single. I know that's really sad, but.. yeah. It sucks. I hate hearing about my friends saying "OOOH SO AND SO LIKES ME HEHE.. I THINK I LIKE HIM TOO". It makes me wanna slap them. In March I will have been single for a YEAR now. That's too long.  I'm a sad, sad girl.
1	Well, well, well. Yesterday I returned home to find two, bright red envelopes in the hall one addressed to me and one to       juamei   . Unable to contain myself I opened mine straight away: A Valentine's Day card! Well, I guess that makes seven in all.  I immediately wondered who had posted it and settled on about three people before running upstairs. Despite her best efforts to disguise her handwriting (she normally writes joined up but had written letter by letter) I quickly spotted some matching capital letters (so  that's  why people keep their Christmas cards) and guessed who the sender was. My suspicions were confirmed when I found out that she'd let slip to       juamei    that she'd sent the cards...  Anyway. I got a card! YAY!  Oh, I've taken Seven's picture of me and turned it into a new icon...
1	Happy Birthday       slodwick   !!!! I hope all your wishes come true and that you have a great Birthday. May this year be filled with all the Clark and Lex you want.  *hugs*
0	well haven't posted in like a million and 12 years.... what's happened since i last posted not a whole lot... apart from me missing out on a ticket to the muse sideshow in ssydney, i'm going to 2 big day out's but the big day out sets are no where near as good as the band's sideshows, i mean i thought new order were ok at the big day out but when i saw them at the horden it was amazing, well at this stage i'm going to have to deal with 2 big day out's and the dandy warhols, but i'm going to try my best to get a ticket to the muse show, i've also heard a rummour the maybe a second show *fingers crossed* and yeah so... HAPPY DALE :p  neways yeah.. there will for progress reports on muse! i promise cause your all going to have to put up with me being dissapointed
1	   And I've been sort of lazy about posting lately because       midnightmadness    was in the middle of doing the great computer swap out so I could have a new (to me) machine.  We're going to be incredibly busy in the next few weeks with closing on the condo and my surgery and all the rest of the craziness that I surround myself with, so here are more pictures to tide you over.  This is the marmot thing that lives in the lake outside our window.  It's not really a marmot, it's a muskrat.   Here's some pictures of him eating a fish or something, and then disappearing into the little hole in the ice that he has.           He's pretty cute form a distance, but apparently muskrats are vicious creatures that will attack humans unprovoked.  Good thing he lives in the lake and I live up here on the third story behind a fence away from him.
1	   HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANDREW   [aka.       cheeky_pirate   ]! 
0	Beyonce Knowles will corrupt beautiful music with her cheap, raunchy, mainstream and not-to-mention pop diva strains. Andrew Lloyd Webber is going to adjust a score for her, enabling her abhorrent voice to reach those high notes of Minnie Driver's "Learn To Be Lonely" ballad. She deserves every boo. She also wants to have a duet with Chris Martin. Well, all of this is "pretty cool" for her. Pretty cool? STAY with your R&B.   I need something I can't get. They don't understand that. I'm really fed up with things right now.
0	This song depress me but at the same time.............ah well
0	poop  i called about my tattoo and i dont have enough cash money to afford it  gonna have to wait untill next week  ..........sadness.........
1	I was reading through some fairly mundane, boring documentation just now, when I came across this:     * Standard login     If your user name is "buffy" and your password is "slayer", then the command:        cfg-summary -u buffy -p slayer -s dlserver        (which is equivalent to "cfg-summary -r "buffy:slayer@dlserver")    etc...  And it made me chuckle. Especially because I was listening to Tool's - Third Eye at the time, a song about altering your perceptions and seeing past the rules and order of society to find yourself afraid in the face of uncertainty and chaos...  I found it to be a refreshing, subversive example. Even if it  is  a terrible, stupid show. :)
1	I am very much happy about  this .  For 3 quid, I think I can attack John Allison. :)
0	I have a month left here.  I'm really going to miss it no matter how much I didn't like it when I first came here.  I can't help thinking about moving back home and where I'm going to be next year.  I guess it's a waste of time thinking about all this when it probably doesn't matter right now anyways.  I know I am going to be extremely sad when I go home though.  Oh well.  Life sucks.  I think these lyrics could be relevant to some people:  http://www.emba.uvm.edu/~mdebowsk/old/t itleofthesong.html 
1	     My son was born on December 25 th ! How cool is that? The only thing that sucks is that he’s in Modesto with andel and I’m back at work in san Diego! Well at least we have an apartment for both of them to live in! I’m going to be out to sea for a little over a week pretty soon! I hope Andrew is getting big and strong right now! He was born 10 weeks early! I only got to spend 2 weeks with him! He’s adorable! Everybody thinks he looks like Damien which is kinda ironic cuz Dames thinks he looks ugly! Happy new year!!!             &nbsp;            Papa Scooter     
0	I've been away from home for Christmas before.  I've stayed in Tampa a few years, I was at Notre Dame for awhile, but I've never been ALONE.  I was either with my family or with Brad, and now I don't have either of them.   This is the worst Christmas ever.
1	home alone 2 lost in new york is on tv!  and then after that im gonna watch the new episode of degrassi!  i love tonight :)
1	Well, I've now had my new continuous-wear lenses in for nearly 3 hours, and I feel fine.  I mean, I certainly know that they are there, as I can feel them much more than I could feel my daytime lenses.  I'm on a limited-wear programme at the moment: daytime wear only, maximum of 10 hours a day, for 14 days.  Then I go back for a check-up.  The amazing thing about it is that so far Boots haven't asked for any money from me.  They say that they won't ask for money until suitability has been determined after the 14 days.  I was quite impressed by that.    After 3 hours wear with my old lenses, I would now be feeling like something was pulling on my eyes, like the lenses were sucking at them.  So, for me to not be feeling that at the moment is a substantial improvement.  I just hope my eyes are suited for them. :o)
1	New puppy! His name is Charlie and he is the most mellow dog in the word... he is 2 months old and was born on December 10th. I have no idea how to post pictures so they show up on the entry... so i just put the adresses for them. Somone comment and tell me how to make them appear.    http://www.imageactive.com/charlie  
0	Why does school make me feel like  this ?  Or make me want to hurt someone?  ESPN seeing that there's no way to top rankings while the NBA All Stars Game is on TNT, they decide to show hockey.  But of course hockey is canceled.  So, let's just replay 'Miracle' for the 25th anniversary.  Yay.     Awesome  Get Fuzzy  from yesterday.
1	To my ears, this album is something special:  Dykehouse - "Midrange"  http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZSt ore.woa/wa/viewAlbum?playlistId=44963580    Ghostly is a really impressive label.  I might be in the city Friday night, and almost definitely on Saturday night.
1	I dont think I told everyone yet, but I got a job working at Wendy's in Sturgis... I thought I would hate working fast food because I have always criticized it but it is awesome.... Everyone loves me... it's great... I haven't been up to a whole lot.. Just school and hanging out with friends.. I am probably going to party somewhere later on tonight but I am not for sure yet.. I have to work tomorrow but when I get done I think I am going bowling, that should be fun.. I haven't done anything really in a long time so it will be nice... Well sorry to cut ya short and all but I am going to get some other stuff done that I have to do on here.. alright, tootles, Mark
1	I have a second interview with US Bank on Wednesday of next week for a IT/helpdesk position. Pray to whatever gods you believe in that I get this! This would be AWESOME for me!
0	 * well tomorrow period order is awesome   * i hope that tomorrow is awesome   * im so sad about situations...   * I love/miss food   * I NEED TO LEARN DECA AND THE PAKISTANI DANCE   * I might get a new job   * I need money so badly   * i rape the poor tsunami children of their meals everyday by spending the money that I intended on donating          
0	I didn't sleep well last night so i stayed home today.  I thought a lot about Dan. I miss him so much.  I guess it didn't hit me right away, but lately i've been thinking more and more about him.  Its not fair..... He had so much passion for life and it had to be taken away from him.  And to think of all the selfish people.... He might have had problems, but he enjoyed who he was.. and he had fun doing it.  When i think about it i almost wish i could have traded places with him.  I hate the way things are for me.. i hate who i am... countless times i think about how much better things would be if i was gone..   Life just isn't fair.  I wonder mabey if he knows what I'm thinking.  For all the times we fought.... i wish i could have him back.
0	i've been back here for.. half an hour.. and i'm already ready to leave. fuck the snow, and fuck having to park in the fucking equestrian center. fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, you're cool, fuck you, i'm out
0	Can you love some and despise them at the same time? Cause right now I love my stupid husband so much it hurts and am so pissed at him that hurts too. I'm crying because I want to scream and say incredibly hurtful things to him but at the same time, that thought makes me hurt because I don't want to be mean to the only person I give a shit about.  This is all over something stupid and kind of small but when it happens over and over and I'm the one who has to give up something it's all just unfair. I'm not going to go into details because you all would think it really is small and insignificant. But it's not to me. At least right now it isn't.  And I feel horrible because I just sent him an email at work telling him to go to hell. I suck so much...
1	Ok so exciting surprising things dont really ever happen to me. But tonite something exciting and surprising happend. I was at work (Baskin Robins) and who walks in but Emmanuel Lewis. And for those of you who dont know who that is, it is Webster. That cute little kid we all watched on TV when we were younger.  He was very nice and if I had had the time I would have asked him for his autograph. I now wish that I had made the time to. He wasnt here long, but it was definitely very very cool.  And I found out through my brother-in-law that he lives in Peachtree City. Which would explain why he was in podunk little Fayetteville, GA.
1	Maxwell is almost back to his regular old self. He had no fever at all this morning and ate his usual breakfast. He is playful, cheerful and not whiny and clingy like he has been.
0	What do you do when you're hurting bad? Nuthing besides watch your fake happiness float out the window
0	so yeah they finally kicked me out of theatre and fencing because of grades... im not mad at them... its my fault... im a fuck up what can i say?....but yes i got my transcript which is just more proof of why i should just drop out.... im in the lower 25 percentile.... great no college wants me now..... so yeah im going over the difference between the GED and a high school right now.... one i can start community college a half year earlier and not put my body and mind in fucking ... or go through a living hell to get this fucking diploma and then still go to community college because my family cant afford anything else.... hmm..... i think we all know what wins so why is it even a fucking issue?... i dont even know... i want out so bad.... school is making me physically and emotionally ill laterly... so fuck it...once again i just dont know anymore.... i hate how the weight of my "future" is on my shoulders right now... its bullshit..
0	Karol Wojtyla. Pope John Paul II. You were a good man.
1	       You scored as  ATLiens . You are ATLiens! Yay! You are the true Outkast and love to be different.       ATLiens             100%       Aquemini             92%       Stankonia             67%       The Love Below             58%       Speakerboxxx             50%       Southerplayalisticadillacmuzik             0%        What Outkast cd are you?   created with  QuizFarm.com     YES THIS QUIZ WAS CREATED BY ME! TAKE IT AND THEN POST IT!!
0	 You brought life to those around you ... you touched our hearts in so many ways ... now, even though things didn't turn out the way we expected ... you'll be in our prayers ... and we know that you're in a better place right now ... R.I.P. Laura Beaton 04.14.04 ... we'll miss you.       Christian, Laura, Me, Chris & Amy @Ken's 21st birthday celebration last semester ...  
1	basketball starts sunday and boy am i excited. me, scott, luke, 5 other people ive never met....were goin undefeated! soccer is still awesome, they finally got the new field turf stuff, no more astroturf, that stuff is so old school nfl. anywasy life is awesome.payin off the debt, playin sports, and more wonderful people in my life than i could ever wish for.
1	my new brace:     hoorah! only difference is, the brace is a wraparound, not as slip on...so it'll look like this second one (with the patella donut that's on the first brace):     ...if only it didn't take two weeks for me to get it, but i shall survive until then... hopefully ...
0	         You Are an Animal Print Bra!  Wild, zany, and even a little crazy. You make every date an unpredictable adventure. You want a guy who will constantly surprise you. A relationship that's the most insane ride of your life.       What Kind of Bra Are You? Take This Quiz :-)        Find the Love of Your Life  (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance.                 
1	how could things get any better, you know how they say everyone has high points in their life well this one of them for me,
1	well, i had a rather uneventful day, just going to my uncle's for dinner. the food was good and i got to visit with a couple of my cousins that i dont see that much. after dinner we watched north carolina beat wisconsin, sadly. now im watching the state game, technically its at halftime, but i digress. i hope state wins, itd be good to have at least one winning team in the state, unlike u of m. i kinda had a weird experience last night, a friend of mine was fighting with another friend of hers and wanted me to help her, i wouldnt so she said she didnt like me anymore and blocked me, it was really immature. im kinda glad i stood up to her for once though, so far ive been a sheep when it comes to her, and now im not, and it felt great. well, ive got nothing else so ill catch ya on the flipside.
1	so yeah...after many arguments and stressful moments, i finally have my prom dress! it was the first one i tried on, but i went to 6 other stores and tried on a gazillion more dresses. i eventually went back and bought the one i wanted. it's gorgeous! a certain someone isn't allowed to know what it looks like (::cough:: kenny ::cough::), so everyone else can hit me up for pictures. king of prussia kicks delaware's ass. oh yes, i got some sick new bruises from my game yesterday. we got our asses handed to us, but the girls were really cool afterwards. word to rugby.  well, i'm out. goodnight.  &lt;3 me
0	I think I have to move on from Joel. That leaves me no one.
1	Well I've been doing great on saving.  I've got $503 in  my account in like a week!  I made $200 last night and dropped $150 in the bank today.  I'm so happy.  I'm moving in with Jer here in a few days.  oh well I guess I'll chill with my new roomie for a while.  I'm pretty excited about finally moving out.  Seeing as how my dad got laid off on friday he's without a job and def without money.   Poor dood.  Oh well w/e.  \ok well w/e I'll update later.
1	Hey all,     so yeah....looks like i'm getting married!  lol...Daniel finally asked me...and i've had my wedding dress in the back of the closet this whole time....wishing...and hoping...and finally my dreams have come true...!!! :D       So, on a more serious note, things in my life are going good.  I've kinda been getting upset at Dustin for things that happen and my feelings get hurt, but I really think that he might be right.  I'm probably just being a little over dramatic. Work is going absolutely fabulous.  I love my job.  I work with this kid that is just a blast to teach.  He's so energetic and sweet and just an all around terrific kid.  Sadly I don't know if I'll be on his team next semester.  And looks like I'll have my second family reunion in Feb.  I can't wait to see you guys.  You'll never know how much I miss you. Well guys, it's time to go out.  Later ya'll
0	  fourteen days endured, i guess  eventually your neural network is so  impressed with someones patterns, that you  become unfortunately disposed to entertaining  them within you.   ascii large   
0	Well...Im grounded For Two Weeks...Cut off From Everything!:( And if my Grades Dont come up...I have to Move in with my Gramma...  Well...This is Gunna Ruin the most important thing going for me right now.  I'm sorrie.  
0	There really isn't much left to say.  I'm disappointed.  I guess now I need to pray that we really can avoid a draft.  The only one of my brothers who would be safe from it is only safe because this "War on Terror" already chewed him up and spit him out.
0	Well screnies for Ratchet 4 are out...im VERy dissapointed. aparently the character i happen to really love is now completely covered in some kind or robotic armor. So much for the cool furry shooter R&C used to be :( He looks al;most robotic...i DONT like this :( game may be good.... i dunno, but i already think its CRAP   http://media.ps2.gamespy.com/media/7 37/737570/img_2710201.html     http://media.ps2.gamespy.com/media/7 37/737570/img_2707674.html   Hell at one time i actually considered getting a ratchet suit...Ah well good things never last forever.
1	I did end up venturing out of my drunken comfort zone and headed out to Waverton to watch the midnight fireworks with an onobstructed view of the bridge. They were really pretty ... and if it wasnt for that stupid national anthem remix they would have been a lil better.  Plus that ball ... it did look kinda odd just  dangling there .  it should have exploded in a ball of fireworks or something. that would have been cool.  but i reakon they were one of the best ive seen for a while. i like how they were also scattered around the harbour, not just focused on the bridge.  ive heard so many people say (and ive probably said it myself) that the best view of the fireworks is on tv... but thats just a peice of crap.  get out of your armchairs people and see the real thing :P
1	 I pierced Zach's ear a few hours ago ^.^ (With some help from Elliot who aided me in pushing the needle all the way through because I was way too afraid to hurt him)  =D  &lt;3333333  aannndd I have a bunch of pictures, new mac makeup, and other random crap since zach came back but I'm too lazy to post now. wheeeeeeee. 
1	I have finally come over to the darkside.  I have a livejournal now.  I am still going to keep my xanga, but I am now going to be writing on this thing.
1	Can I please claim Marissa's Sharebear {from last night's episode "The Proposal"}??! thanks very much!!  
0	I loved the music.  I loved the flashback montages.  I loved Wolf in the treehouse and Simon and Barry going "Dad-Dad-Dad-Dad-Dad", and Barry's certainty that Wolf hunts the pizzas.  I loved Fox at the end saying "This is going to be expensive".    I loved all the standard married-couple-fight rhetoric.  In fact, I loved everything except the fact that it's the last episode.  My mornings won't be the same.  If anyone needs me, I'll be in the treehouse.
1	  BOYS BOYS BOYS:      *I WANT A TO KNOW WHO WILL GIVE ME A LITTLE STRIP SHOW FOR MY BIRTHDAY!!!*       LEAVE ME COMMENTS IF YOU WILL!!!       &nbsp;     I AM 100% SERIOUS TOO!  
1	WHAT!? yes! so what! i AM random!  keep the toothpick horizontal my dears!  chow chow chow POW!  see ya tomorrow Mel!
1	I would just like to take this opportunity to say I has a splendid day today.  I may not have done anything super exciting, but I enjoyed my day.  I would also like to thank everyone who helped me pass my day while I was at work.  I really enjoyed myself.  Thank you.  I am now going to finish my drink and go to bed.  Nighty-night.
0	February ninth, two thousand and four 9:56 - 10:01 PM  I wish I could... Laugh Smile Skip Jump Dance Fly  Paint Sing Want Go  Travel Be Touch Taste Smell See Breath Wonder Wander Wait Rush Think  Speak Cry Save my tears Throw memories away Keep things inside Hold back Slowdown Be pretty Be wanted Be full Be forgotten Be exposed Be loved Be saved Be pushed aside Be held close Be free Be me Be a tree Be hidden Be anyone else but me
1	I DID IT I DID IT OH YEAH YEAH YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *dances*  To those that play on neopets, you'll understand this... I GOT THE LAB RAY!!! YAY!!! *dances the super duper happee dance*
1	Polar Bears and Pandas!!  And Meerkats!!   Ok, so maybe it's about 2 months late, but here are all my pics that I took from Apex's day at the San Diego Zoo back in April.  They all turned out really well, so yay!  :)         Zoo Pics!!    
1	Anyone ever been so impressed they've been so blown away they're taken to somewhere else?  ==&gt;HAPPY  G'night! =)
1	 hotel we'll be staying at.    little video on the hotel.     pic of our hotel. yay holiday inn :P    map. cuz someone told me bahamas was waaaay off of florida. but i knew they were wrong cuz i took a cruise there in 9th grade. but heres proof. flight from BWI to nassau = 2.5 hours. not too bad. unfortunately ill have kristis fingernails in my arms the whole time :P    17 days! 
1	This will be a good weekend. Tonight going to dinner with a group of friends and then going to see The Incredibles.  Tomorrow going to a festival called Dog Daze where a bunch of animal rescue organizions get together with a bunch of dogs and raise money. I'm bringing Brutus so he'll have lots of others to play with. Jenkie is in town, so I think tomorrow he's gonna come out to my place, possible with his lovely woman, and check out the new digs.   Sunday having a cookout at my place that'll end with campfires and smores.   I'm excited.
1	may 1: four story reason, and ever, shining thru, dominique, and fall no faster at just java $5 may 8th : spitalfield, sugarcult, mae, communique at soma $14 may 9th : beautiful mistake, emery, blueprint car crash, anatomy of a ghost, against all hope at epicentre $10/$12 may 12th : matchbook romance, maxeen, the matches, bleed the dream, ember sky at soma $12 may 17th : midtown, armor for sleep, your enemies friends at epicentre $10/$12  who wants to accompany me to these shows?   edit: this would be a good chance to help out my friends. check out heroes to know one at www.herostoknowone.tk and their music at www.purevolume.com/herostoknowone
0	My cat is missing.  We have 3 cats...  Thug (real name Orthello) who is big and black and according to my son...his cat.  Deely (Cordelia)...ginger and white...skitty, nervous but affectionate...my husbands cat.  Cassie....a black and white fluff ball....a bimbo...a blonde cat...a huntress who has caught in her time a pigeon, many mice, many small birds, frogs and...a bat...!!.... my cat.  I miss my Cassie cat with her soft fluffy belly...I miss the way she would get distracted mid hunt by a passing cloud...I miss her curling up on my lap as I read...I even miss her annoying mew when she was wet/cold/hungry/or just bored!  Come back baby cat, Mummy misses you!!
0	I know what kind of love this is after all I was there when we made it I know why I did what i did to end the life time of all flower shade with buster brown the big man in the town when no one was around I know what kind of love this is I know what kind of love this is the man in black says you wont mind he'll be over before you know it you can pretend that you are mine if it will help you to get over it on my parents bed  pretending i am dead remember every word he said  i know what kind of love this is i know what kind of love this is i know what kind of love this is ahhhhhh...... then when i wake he will be gone and i wont see him until the class room  its just a tale of right and wrong that they will whisper inside the bathroom how she lost the game she'll never be the same  he does'nt even know her name but i know what kind of love this is i know what kind of love this is  i know what kind of love this is la da la da.....  Dar williams and Lucy Kaplansky are singing in my head
0	Just updated chater 3 of Ashes to Ashes : Inside His Head on ff.net.  The linky :  http://www.fanfiction.net/s/1992373/3/    Yay! Hooray for me... another chapter after oh so long... it's really quite depressing. I wonder if after so long people are still interested enough to go on reading. I know I wouldn't be. Oh well!
1	MERRY CHRISTMAS!!  Today has been a great day.  As was yesterday.  Who doesn't love christmas time?  I'm at my dad's house right now waiting for him to get here to have christmas with him.  I still haven't been able to check my grades yet either.  Ah well.  alright...adios!
0	Dear CNN, Fuck you for wasting important news time by focusing this morning's news on "the  very  latest as to whether or not Michael Jackson will make it to court on time (and then once he makes it to court, what he ws wearing).  There is a shortage of quality news out there now and it is really pathetic that even you can't cover the important things.    That's it.  I'm getting my news all from NPR, the internet, Jon Stewart and Julie.  Please re-think what reporting means to you, CNN.  I hope you all felt really fucking embarassed as you reported this "news" to me this morning. -Beth
1	  yay!!!!! :-D      But I feel bad for Nikko. :-( He was the only other person I really liked!  
1	Olivia went to Nursery today and was a little clingy - I'm not too worried as I think she is just not used it after being off for a week. The girls there are great - I told them on Monday that I really needed one of them to keep a closer eye on Livie when she eats. She's actually in the room for 2 year olds as they don't have enough kids for a 1-2 room (yet) and all the other kids can feed themselves with forks, spoons etc whereas Livie isn't quite at that stage yet.  I got her Pixie Photos back the other day and they are great - well the ones I bought are, the others had a look of "I'm p*ssed off & wanna go home" look so I did't get those. Once I have scanned them in I'll add them to my photo gallery. They are really good - she looks so grown up!
0	Just to add to my already shitty week, I just came across the news that Metallica are going to be playing in Brisbane in January and I'm not going to be here. FUCK!!! FUCK!!!! FUCK!!!!!!    I know that it is a pretty minor thing to be pissed off about when compared to world hunger and getting struck by lightning, but even so....FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Finally on FurryMUCK, I've become the character I want to be, and I'm LOVING it! :D It's been almost a week now, and I must say, it finally feels good to be able to use my character the way I wanna use it, and not have anyone tell me how to use it.  I really didn't like others telling me how to use my character, and for those of you who didn't know, that's why my character's history kept changing, because I had to change it to fit with how my character looked. Part of Kahn's history is based on how he looks, sounds unusual, but it is, that's why I was getting so upset when others would try to change me, because that meant I had to change me.... and I didn't like that.  But now that I am FINALLY me, I am happy. :)
1	Finally Andrew came back... today I was having dinner with Bony, Michael, Eddy and him together at 西北饭庄, one of my favourates in Sydney. The dishes were not too bad, and I believe everyone had fun.       I finally saw Andrew's new car... the one Tristan likes... mini cooper, it is a little bit too small for me, but it is indeed cute! Andrew also bought me the original novel of "The Twelve Kingdoms (十二国记）" from Hong Kong, that really suprised me.              Haha... I didn't realise my tongue is so long... lol    
0	 exhaustion!! that's the only word that can sum up how i feel right now. pure mental, emotional, and physical exhaustion. or is depression a better word for it..*thinks*    fought with mom yet again. i'm so sick and tired of people interfering with my life and not letting me make a decision on my own and when things go wrong, they wash their hands off it. i'm a firm believer in being fair and if i think somethings not fair. i would fight! fight! fight!...no matter what..no matter who. that's just the way i am, and too bad if it offends anybody. that's why i insist on being left alone. coz if anything does go wrong, it's me who has to settle it with my own self...i don't have to pick a fight with anyone else. i don't have to be sour and bitter to anyone else. *arrrrrgghhhh*    is it too much to ask to be left alone?? is it too much to ask to let me make my own decisions and be content with my life?? is it too much to ask to be happy and peaceful??    &nbsp; 
0	i had a conversation with a friend long ago about emotions and restrictions of expression. Basically, both of us agreed that hugging is a good way to say hi or bye to a friend, but a kiss on the cheek, say, between old Lifeteen friends of opposite gender, should be aceptable. There is nothing intended or implied. it just show appreciation and a mild affection, but in a safe-environmentally friendly way.  I know i had more to say and some good points but i have forgotten them. If anyone else has anything to say, please share the wisdom. Thanks!
0	so umm...rock and roll revival is soo much fun, i love it i should have done it in the past...im in like 2 songs but its greawt cuz i can just chill most of the time...lol, um ive been burning up gas lately, oh well....umm.. its so wonderful to not have work...it makes me want to quit, i think i might after i save up some money...um...my new favortie person to shop with is liz...she is awesome! oh valentine day SUCKS!!! i want a valentine, its just depressing all this romantic crap...especially when your SINGLE, so im off to bed, im going to church early so i can watch the super bowl!
1	I've been happy lately, so that is good. Being home was fun this weekend. I never knew mod bands could be so good.  The weather here has sucked lately. Too much rain. School went well today. Good math midterm and just finished a paper.  Hopefully this weekend will be fun.
0	Today has been a really bad day!  First i missed the bus again and then i had a bad morning with my hair and then i think i failed a math test! Does anyone want to tutor me in geometry??!!?? B/C i really need some help so i can keep an A in that class! Please help!!  This weekend i so do not want to jump b/c no one will be there to help me!!  I sometimes wonder why I put all of my trust in someone and then they turn and make me totally change my views of them. Am I so naive that people think that i wont care if they treat me like crap? Do they think that I still owe them my friendship when they do something like that?? I am so fed up with some people right now!! And especially woth myself!!  Well enough about my crappy life!!   How are you guys???  Robin- Olive Garden Saturday???  Loves!!
1	I forgot to mention something very very imporant last update.  I'M GETTING DSL! Whoo hoo!! I hate this dial-up crap.  I rule so much.  BT-I told you I'd be back soon.  It comes in next week and I get my computer Sunday so I'll be back in the-cabin soon!  Miss you guys!
1	High ho! Yipee and all the felicitations of a day with a new SV. I'm pretty sure it will turn out one these:  1) I love it. Everyone else loves it. We have a squee-in tomorrow.  2) I love it. Everyone else hates it. It is explained to me in painful detail why everyone else hates it. I still love it. I have a squee-in at the Bloomingdales sale.  I've taken to saving all the spoilers to see what gets cut, I'm looking forward to see if all the gloriousness makes it onscreen. And I'm stoked for the extra long season finale!   In other me news, how is it that I manage to dump one show ( LOST ) and I manage to pick another one ( EYES ) at almost the same time? Perhaps, like the Shopping Gods, the TV Gods also demand balance.
1	I signed papers are my new job a bit ago.  I realized I had made an error.  If I factor in bonuses, I'll be making signifactly more (like, say up to 15K more) than I was at Earthlink.  OHH YEAHHHHH!!!  Bring on the crazy money!!!
0	Ok so it's like 6:45... Jason and I should be heading off to somewhere soon, where I don't know, right now I don't really care... I'm just hoping I make it through the next few days without having a complete break down.  I honestly do my best to try not to cry in front of people, but I'm not sure if it's going to work tomorrow, or maybe even Thursday... Just thinking about it right now gets me upset.  And while I know it's for the best, doesn't mean I have to like it.  Doesn't mean I'm not scared.  But yeah that's it for now... I really don't want to start crying in the LRC.
0	Nothing gets me more depressed than seeing dozens of people list their favorite authors and stories, and I'm not even on the lists.  Recently, I was perusing the anifics bulletin board  http://forum.anifics.com  and saw a thread called General Discussion : What FanFics are you tracking?  In there were names of over 50 stories, many hadn't been updated in years. Yet, I was completely missing even though some of the stories mentioned, I assisted behind the scenes.  It was a wonderful way to start the day. (Sarcasm)  I'll just write some code now to cheer me up.  Burger  Thrice in a Millennium #15  "Your pills, they aren't real. Your mother-in-law probably switched them."  "Why would she want to do that?"  Impersonating Nodoka's voice, Ukyou answered. "My son, he's so manly!"
0	today was the worst day of my life and because it was i am sad and depressed.  Life can be so unfair sometimes.  i hate being forced to do things that i dont want to do, even if people thinks it's best for me....well i dont need to explain anything but life can suck alot.    xoxo hannah   p.s. My party might be cancelled cuz i might be grounded....so sorry
1	Spent most of the evening getting laundry and my strewn stuff put away.  Still a lot to go, but soooo nice.  I decided to cap it off by vacuuming so it would really feel clean, and instead managed to fill the room with the stink of burning rubber belt. Um.  Jai is going to poke at the vacuum's innards before I try that again.  but I woke up in sunlight.
1	disregard that last blog... i got what i wanted. and it makes me happy!!! hooray!!  after writing that blog, i went outside and smoked a cigarette, and decided that since i was talking to the boy, i was gonna make him play a game of UNLIMITED QUESTIONS.. haha... so i brought it up, and started asking him questions.  i didn't mention anything that had been going on at all between us, and when it came his turn to ask the questions, within the first ten, he asked me "what is your biggest complaint with me?"  i told him "you confuse the fuck out of me"  he wanted to know how and i explained why, and told him that he STILL confuses the fuck out of me.  He then went on to ask "so do you wanna know what's uP?"  HELL YES!!  and now i know. and i got what i wanted.. becuz i am OPRAH!!!  he later called me...  just got off the phone with him... we were on the phone for 3 hours.... i need bed now.
0	i have a problem.  its one i've known about for most of my life.  i try my hardest to help all those around me with problems.  many times i do this to at the expense of my own emotional health.  those who have known for awhile know that i dont talk about my feelings very often.  i try to make everyone happy, except for myself.  finally this problem has caught up with me.  i used to be able take in problems and let all that negative energy flow out of me.  Recently it has been stuck there just building more and more.  i am in a pretty bad place right now.  i apologize to any whom this may have affected.  i'm  going to try and work through this, but i need help and understanding.  please be patient with me.       Love,  Matt
1	I learned not to dwell on the past but to keep moving forward no matter how hard it is to keep your head up. Cheerish what you have and what you once had, You never know when it may all come to an end. Well, my boy Lumpp had a party last night and it was hopping from girls making out to some 600 dallor table getting trashed, to the cathloic boys tryin to run shit in beer pong. And fianlly like 6 police cars coming to bust our party of about 40..Well, more big parties tonight to attend.. I think im not drinking tonight?!? yes thats a question mark cuz im not sure. Im having so much fun since i ve been single, i kinda like it but i kinda dont.
0	Kate and i had a birthday party for Naivy this weekend. it made me smile. for once i worked really hard on something, and it was actually accomplished.  i wouldn't be lying if i said that i was happy this weekend. who wouldn't be with a giant boob pinata, home-made cake, and homemade presents?  but still. how do you trap me so? leaving me here without even a word. i grip onto you with both hands, clawing at the malleable bones that make up your body. i can't stand you. my thoughts have long been lost now, and yet my brittle hands still yearn for your ocean. don't go.
1	hey everyone! i'm a fairly new Shinhwa fan...my obsession started about 6 months ago, after i read a wonderful fanfic with Minwoo in it. then i read another fanfic with all of Shinhwa in it and then my obsession increased even more. (which is a good thing, of course.)  call me weird, but i have this obsession with Hyesung's hair. does anyone agree with me that it's awesome? has anyone seen the Winter Story II MV? Hyesung looked  hot  in there. loved his rap too, haha.   i guess it's easy to see who i like the most now...
0	It is my own fault, I know; I should not have expected  anything different . I should know as well, if not better than any other Maeglin's reluctance to trust. I should not have expected to be different.  And yet ... I hoped.  But this was a  fear  that began long before me.  Perhaps I am wrong to demand his trust while I myself am still plagued by  doubts  and  suspicions . The only way he shall come to know true faith and intimacy is if he is shown it. So I shall strive to do, and deny him nothing.
1	Hello! First post here. I think. o_o Just a few ToS icons I whipped up earlier. They might be spoilery if you dunno what Martel looks like.  Today's batch: - 1 Colette - 1 Martel - 1 Presea - 1 Lloyd  Teaser:    (  Le fake LJ-cut of doom. &lt;3  )  Enjoy! ^_^
1	 I have a&nbsp;digital camera whooo!! I got it off E-bay and it's kinda cool (tho it didnt come with a memory card) Me and       mr_lizard   &nbsp;took it for a test run last night (to Exchange Flags and down to the&nbsp;Water front)&nbsp;but it was cold, Pete got his period&nbsp;and the batteries ran out, booooo!!     I'll figure it out soon and hopefully not bore you all TOO much with my pictures, hehe.     &nbsp;    I also recieved my belt-buckle, it's uber uber cool!! If I get me my dickies before the weekend, then&nbsp;it may be making it's KH debut!!    &nbsp;    &nbsp; 
1	you know what, I like cake. a lot. everytime they offer cake for dessert in the cafeteria I always take it. I especially like frosting. mmmmmm. frosting is so good.  I read that maria antoinette never did actually say "let them eat cake". that is a fallacy. just like "rhythm, you have it or you don't" haha.  anyway. why do I post about these arbitrary things? who knows. but I have to go do some work on this paper which is due on thursday about wordsworth and blake. it should be interesting. I have always appreciated the romantics. they make so much more sense than those bloody neoclassicists.
1	Am currently at Stig's :O Went here yesterday w. train, w. Stig. He was visiting me, up until yesterday and that was, of course, nice. Now I'm visiting him. THat's nice as well. Isn't it all just a nice little lovefest? Have been having a great holiday, so far, aside the fact, that Stig threw snow at my snowman, despite (or, actually because) of the fact, that I told him not to. He smashed it. That was evil and mean of him :O!  Anyway, turns out Stig has Semagic on his machine. The thing looks a bit weird, but ah - seems like a smart solution, once you actually figure out how to use it properly. Can't think ofanything else that might have an interest to anyone - not that this entry is all that great.
1	Well there's now two ladys in my life. My car and, all bow before her, Becci. At the moment i'am the happyest i've been in such a long time, also i'm doing a bit of house work. For me there is now two goals to life:-  1) Keep this house. Its is so cool living close to friends.  2) Make becci the happyest person that walked the earth.    Right i'll just pop off for a bit. I'll update this soon and more often.
0	i am in deathly need of love.  no one listens to me. no one cares. they really don't. i don't either.  i don't like not knowing the reasons for being depressed or crying.  i hate crying. i keep everything inside, instead of cutting because i'm trying to stop, then it all explodes and i lay in my bed and it feels like i want to rip my heart out of my chest, and i feel like i'm dying and no one cares, and no one cares and no one loves me.  please don't look at me like that. if you care so much why didn't you hug me or something. why did you just stare at me with your cold, hard, loving blue eyes and why didn't you say anything because you saw how depressed i was today i told you that i was not fine how are you and   and why, if you love me so god damn much, won't you do anything about it.
1	Just got home from the Phi Mu Alpha Retreat, and now that I have showered off the smoke and dirt off, I must say, I had a great time. It was a great chance to grow together, and grow closer to my brothers, but I must say at the same time, it was great to get away from my normal life... Away from work and such...  Anyway, hope everyone else had a great weekend, because I had a great one myself!
1	work was fucking awesome. hey daphney FLUDDERBUG! AND FLUFFY! lmfao! shree and jonea came into my work and shree got sitted and then shree wanted to talk to me then i was like one miute so all night i was so busy that i didnt tlk to her. even though i didnt want to anyways. yeah i already knew the ready knew she wanted to say she was sorry but ph well for me thats not good enough, or even an even exchange my rep for her saying sorry NO SORRY SHREE.   Theres this saying "u call other people what u are urself" this applies to shree and jonea and all of the other judgemental people out there.   so fuck ya'll if u think that i am certain way but like i said before i will surpass all u people that have been telling me that i wouldnt amount to anything. also u say im nothing, well all u bitches look at where i am and then look at uurselves living with and daddy while i have my own apt and car :) tys! gotta go top the night off byes! Love always Sheshe
1	     Cowboy Bebop - YOUR bounty by   Drusilla        Username           How much are you worth?    $87,983      Number of victims    7,653      Your story    You hate innocence, you hate pink bunnies and all that colorful crap. You just want to kill...children. O.O! Dun dun duuun      Will you be caught?    You'll be caught, easily too. Like a Pokemon trainer catching a Pokemon with a masterball...its easy okay? O.o               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	Find out how popular your first name has been over the past 100 years, just click below and enter your first name.    http://www.birthdayalarm.com/name 
1	I have accomplished SFA today, and I don't really see that changing.  I am having entirely too much fun on LiveJournal to do work things.  My FriendBots are cracking me up.  * * *  Tommy is replacing the radiator on The Accordion today.  I cannot express with mere words the happiness that brings me.  I am beyond tired of driving Puff the Magic Accordion, which emits little (or big, depending on how hot it is) puffs of steam at regular intervals.  I am overjoyed at the thought of being able to use the air conditioner without the car bursting into flame.  Yay for new radiators.  * * *  How is it not yet time for my lunch?  I am suffering a cheeseburger deficiency, and that is a very serious condition which requires immediate attention.
1	-I woke up at 11:30 -Ryan brought me falafel (I have this thing with falafel, but we only have it once a week, and somehow I've come to lunch too late for it every week for at least a month) -I got 100% on my last french quiz and on the rough draft of my composition, so I don't have to do a final draft -Last IHUM section was outside and ended early -No more IHUM or Cognitive Neuroscience reading! -Family Guy -Dinner outside -Gorgeous, gorgeous weather -It's almost Thursday -The existence of wonderful people =)
1	All right, I just got 2 awesome new pictures!  Yay Pirates of the Caribbean!!
1	I'm thinking about entering a triathlon in June......      The only way that I wouldn't participate is if Toni and Guy had a show  the same day.&nbsp; I will have to confer with Hailey about future  shows....      Anyone else want to do it with me?      Swim, Bike, Run 
1	Ooooh, Raven..  OOOOOOOH RAAAAAAAAAAVENNN..  I haaaaaaave it nooooow.. Yoou knoooooow you waaaaaant it. you Knoooow you dooooo... &gt;=D~
0	A good day until 2.00, last hour though not so good - not good at all. Just feel shit, and im running out of ideas on what to do. Wont go into exactly what happened as i don't like/wont people to think that i can't cope.  Won't to come home in a postive mood.
1	Thanks to everyone who left me nice hugs and notes of sympathy! I'm happy to have good friends (see bouncing kitty icon). Every once in awhile I get depression waves but they pass within a few hours so don't think i go around mopey all the time, it just sometimes hits me.
1	And a good chat.  Stephen and I had a little heart to heart. We didn't really manage to work out why he's been so out of sorts lately, but I think everything will be all right!
1	merry christmas everyone(in a few days). shh..santa's on his way! i love you guys. xoxo.
0	im sorry that u had 2 leave me b cause of ur friends i really liked u and wanted to be with u for a while but i understand why u had 2 and if u ever change ur mind  u have my #   love chris
1	Finals are over. Finally.  ICS 168 exam didn't go well for me, but it's over. I don't care anymore, at least until grades come out.   Robots    Saw Robots recently with Lena. Was really fun. I can't wait to get that on DVD, whenever it comes out. I loved how inventive everything was, especially Rodney's sidekick character, Wonderbot. It reminded me of falcons/falconers (example photos:  1   2 ), though Wonderbot definitely did more than any falcon could.  Still, reminded me of how cool I always thought it'd be to have something in that style relationship.   New photos       Kim's Birthday      Massage Party      Repairing CD Jukebox       Dinner at Chili's      Bonfire at Corona Del Mar  
0	OMG~~~~ STOP asking me which high school i go to!!! i am NOT a high school student!!! i am ALREADY a COLLEGE student!!! goodness............ that is so wrong why? why? why? i dont want to hear that kinda question anymore i refuse to hear &gt;"&lt; &gt;"&lt; &gt;"&lt; chubby cici is now very very sad.....
1	Dear Diary, hahahahahahahaha, how do you like  my new icon picture thing ?  It makes me laugh.  I have many crazy birthday stories but I really shouldn't be online.  It's too nice out!  All right i'm gone.
1	Hey! last night I was dying of sickness,but now I am alll better :) yayayyyy!!!well I don't have much to say now but I am gonna try nd go to the mall today :)
0	Maybe going home will help with all of this. Maybe spending some time with my family will help me view things differently. Who knows. I'm hoping that being on the other side of the country will make missing Jeremy easier. I've made a promise to myself from this point on, I wont call him. If he doesnt call me then we dont talk. But I dont know if that is a promise I'm going to be able to keep. I want to hear his voice so bad. I want to know that he is there and that he still cares about me. I dont know what to do anymore. I've got to find away to focus on whats important right now and thats getting everything ready to go home. Then when I get back, I have to throw myself into school. At least then there wont be time to miss him or think about him as much. I hope. Well, thats enough of my heartache for now. I'm going back to bed. I've been spending way to much time in my bed, but oh well. I'll get out of my funk any day now.
0	But just as a warning I am currently growing a beard so I will be haggard as fuck... any chick whos cool with that then let me know.
0	Is running away just for teenagers or can we as adults choose to run away.  My life has changed so much in the past year.  I left my husband for a stupid reason destroyed my life and now i have been so depressed I can't see straight.  I cry everyday so much so that my eyes are swollen.  Im on 3 different medications to keep me from going off the deep end and it is not working.   I have no one to talk to and this is the only way to get my feelings out.  I feel i have no control over my life.  Im sooo depressed im gaining weight.  I think that is the only thing that i do have control over.  Cant keep anything down lately. I think it's stress.
1	Ok so i've been home since Wensday but to lazy to update the journal... I had an awesome Birthday i saw my Grandma M, Aunt Sue, Aunt rita, my cuz kim, my cuz will, my other Aunt rita, her husband, my dad was there my mom was there my bro was there my uncle was there i saw my aunt margie and i went to my great grandma's grave and my great aunts as well as my great grandpa's...We put some flowers on there graves so it was all awesome. I got 70 bucks, a charm bracelet along with 7 charms 3 from my ex step mom 3 from my Aunt sue and one from my grandma M...I didn't get to see my Aunt Sissy cause her mom died but we still had fun i missed my cuz Will he grew up i almost didn't recognize him he turned into an awesome teenager last time i saw him he was like 6 and i was 8 so it had been a long while but its all good well thatz bout the it so laterzz
0	I wish my life was different!  I think I might go to dance class tomorrow! Let's hope I do...
0	FOR WANT OF A NAIL    ---------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------  For want of a nail , the shoe  was lost: For want of the shoe , the horse  was lost; For want of the horse , the rider  was lost; For want of the rider , the battle  was lost;  For want of the battle , the kingdom  was lost, And all for the want of a nail.
1	woke up late steven picked me and my bro up and we left 2 inglewood 2 drop off his dad got back 2 the SM picked up jason and it was off 2 the beach again we were in the water and the current was stong like a mofo when we got out we saw some foregn lady w/ HER TOP OFF!!!!!!!! i was like jaso ur crazy Jason: no look over there Diego: *drooling* Steven: DAMN!! Paul: are those real Me: Sweetness  n e way my mom calls me onthe cell and tells me 2 come 2 her room i go in there like ur going 2 the incubus concert i was like nooo fuckin way!!! that made my day so now me and steven are off 2 see em live
1	so emilys entry pretty much states all the things that i wanted to talk about. the sky was amazing for like 15 minutes last night. sin city was a badass movie. i suppose thats about everything. i enjoy the sun outside right now. im in a good mood.
1	Just heared through soundsamples from the two Majutsushi Orphen Revenge- Soundtracks and the two Mubohen-Drama- CD's... Wannahave!! *___*  For the Soundtracks:  Somehow Hartia always gets the strange themes ^^" But I love Esperanza's theme *__* And my favourited bgm from Revenge is also there. Both (Esperanzas theme and my fav-bgm) are on the first soundtrack. And on the second, there's also a voice-message from Shoutarou Morikubo (Orphen) and Mayumi Izuka (Cleo).  Wannahave... *_* I'm glad Neotokyo sells them, so I can order them after christmas or so when I have money X3  For the dramas: From what I heared in the soundsamples, I laughed my ass off XD I don't really get what's happening in both of them, but they're cool X3 And Hikaru Midorikawa sounds soo cool as Keith *_*v On the first one there's also a live-track at the end X3 Wannahave too... *__*   Please give me money and a chance to order all this stuff... T__T
0	...r.i.p. lil Audrey...  ...even tho you weren't mine, you were still the cutest kitten ever...   ...i'll miss the lil kitty sneezes, shoulder naps and snot bubbles... :'(
1	Joslin Elementary School had an neat visitor friday for black history month.  92 year old Pinetop Perkins.  World reconized as -the- best blues piano player ever.  How cool is that.  Not only has Pinetop seen the entire evolution of blues and rock, but his style of boogie-woogie shaped and formed swing and then rock and roll.   http://www.blindpigrecords.com/arti sts/Perkins,+Pinetop.html 
0	Sometimes I get the feeling that something's a little off balance. I'm trying my hardest, but is it making any difference what so ever? *sobs a little*
1	Right now I am very angry because Sam so just left me to go shopping. Now that means I have to actually do work today in my third and fouth period class. That is so gay x10!!!! But anycrap...Sam totally pimped out the back of her livejournal I must say it is pretty fatty (  http://www.livejournal.com/users/saddle mypony/  ) Okay I was kicked out just now I will talk to you people later... My mom is so far away from me right now YESSSS!
1	So I went to this free Law Seminar today.  A bunch of school reps were there and they had a panel discussion about admissions, being in law school, and getting a job.  They were giving away six free hours of admissions counceling, and I won!!  It's worth $1000!  I figure I need all the edge I can get with my GPA.    Well, off to write my speech!
1	got back from hawaii yesterday. woot. tired. my lotion exploded all over my luggage and my clothes, the expensive vanilla lotion i love so much all over my clothes. o well, now i smell good. the trip was so fun, my mom is now engaged which i had a feeling shanon would ask her, right befor we got on the plane to go home he bought a mood ring from the store and asked her right there. im hapi but im probably goin to have alot of homework
1	I just got back from Jakes PARTY!!! ^.^ But last night was awesome!!Livi & I slept over Ann-Elise's house! We watched The Ring, thirteen, & part of Van Helsing. Good movies! Her brother Paul is soo cute when he is sleeping!! ( Yes, the Paul that every girl thinks is hot! )  Sorry Ann-Elise for think he is cute but im definately obessed! lol  Anyway Jakes party rocked! We all know he "grew up" on his b-day! lol He loved his gift! Jack Skellington sheets! (Instead of floral ones! The sheets we got him glow in the dark!!)  OK well gotta go have a sleepvoer with Livi & Kim   Bye bye
0	*falls down, exhausted*  Am so glad to be home and yet so sad to have lost       rose_emily    and       iykwim   's company that I haven't been able to come up with an acceptable entry.  Work was half-hearted today as I battled a head cold and a bunch of distracting thoughts.    I think that I'm actually a little upset.
1	I had actually logged all the way off line and had to log back on because some random car outside just parked playing "Diamonds are a girls best friend" from Moulin Rouge It was such a novelty to actually hear someone playing GOOD loud music from their car that I just had to share :) TTFN -Flurfgirl
1	i was at melissa's the whole day today...yup we had fun...lol melissa=love!! always:)  -Audrey!
0	I'm feeling exceedingly pissed off at this point.  I wanted to get together with some friends and have some good times before I left.  Instead I'm sitting here with ice packs on my knees and everyone else's out having fun.  Bloody fucking hell.  This is a fucking shitty deal.
1	well today in school i made some new freinds haha and they happen to live next door to me...it was a goodtime cuz after school we all hung out today is my mom's birthday haha so we all ate cake and sang to her it was cool..:).. also my freind marcus who i havent seen in forever came over to my house n hung out for quit a while with all of us he is real cool i miss him...:(..  TOMARROW IS JESS's BIRTHDAY!! YAY 17 :)..i love u jess and im coming over for some cake happy birthday ;)  ps..i cant wait to see billy tomarrow in school ;)  lex*
0	Well, it's been an awful day.  I found out my dog died this morning.  I know he had the liver infection, but the vet said he was getting better and last week they though he was pretty well fine.  I was the toxins in his liver ended up going to his brain, giving him seizures and caused him to foam at the mouth.  He had to be wrapped in a blanket and carried out of the house in a basket.  I feel so awful just thinking about what he went through.  He was only eight years old.  I've had him since I was eleven years old and he was such a great little dog.  It will be so strange without him.  I don't usually feel attached to very much, but he was indeed a great dog which I will sadly miss.      Rest In Peace My Dear Friend: Sharky Robertson (August 24th 1995 - March 12 2004)      
1	After much negotiation yesterday we had an offer accepted on a house today!  Hoorah and huzah it is going to change my world, it is on edge of Bristol so no more walking into town or walking to work.  It is a '30's semi which ain't nuffink to look at from the outside but inside has four bedrooms and two bathrooms which includes a loft conversion bedroom with en suite shower, it has a big big kitchen and decking across the back of the house and an 88 foot garden and it gets the afternoon/evening sun!  It really is everything we were looking for.  I know there is a long way to go but we could be in my Chrimble as we are not selling my flat and they are moving into a house with no chain.  There's no major work to be done just some paint scheme alteration ie the bright pink wall in the kitchen......
0	  I shoulda slashed your tires,      mind parasite.      I hate you, if there's one sneaky bitch on the planet it would definetely be you.       Thanks for fucking me over once again.      Now I remember how you used to be, but I gave you the benefit of a doubt.      I give humans too much respect. I do it because I think they might treat me the same, but instead I get shit on once again.       Who's left to make me feel any better?-NO ONE.       We are all alone in the end, even in death.      So why trust anyone ever?      Why even communicate with anyone?      Why did I even move back here?   I'm back where I started, distrustful, and scared of the future.      Thanks again.&lt;3  
1	EVERYONE HAS TO WATCH BROWN SOUND DURING LUNCH TOMORROW!!!!
1	  LOVE is your chinese symbol!      What Chinese Symbol Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla    comment: cool love...   -Perfect- You're the perfect girlfriend. Which means you're rare or that you cheated :P You're the kind of chick that can hang out with your boyfriend's friends and be silly. You don't care about presents or about going to fancy placed. Hell, just hang out. You're just happy being around your boyfriend.      What Kind of Girlfriend Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla    comment: ahakZ!! of cos... ~.^    Your Heart is Pink      What Color is Your Heart?      brought to you by  Quizilla    comment: er... i'll try to cut the "happy pills"... but i am not on any o.0. well happiness is better than sadness...
0	This poem goes to all the people that have lost someone. And to saundra who died in too many ways to speck of.   A special smile, a special face and in my heart, a special place.  No words I speak can ever say, How much I miss you every day.  To hear your voice and see your smile, To sit and talk to you awhile,  To be together in the same old way, Would be my dearest wish today.  Put Your arms around her God, Treat her with special care,  Make up for all she suffered here, And all that seems unfair. There will always be this heartache, And often a silent tear.  We shall cherish those precious memories, Of the days when you were here.  Remembering you is easy, We do it every day.  But missing you is a heartache, That never goes away.        I would love to thank her_mom_died for writing this poem
1	Tomorrow will be the big day on which me and       iberianbear    will be heading towards guerneville....  I hope we won't leave anything forgotten at home.... I'm specialist on that.  Ok... lazybear is waiting... I hope this will be lots of fun,.. Now sleeptime before going there... I can't wait
0	I am not having a good day. Well you mgith think i am, but i am not. I woke up this morning debating whether or not to go online and check my SAT score....after debating for about an hour I decided to check it out, bad mistake. I am disappointed in myself. I am not telling anyone my score not even my family or friends because i feel i could of done better. Good thing i did not send my scores to any colleges. i hate standardized tests.....and then i took a practice SAT test with my friend and she got her results and i didnt....it has been a disappointing day for me. i have started spring break on a bad note, and now i do not want to even know how i did on the ACT.....i do not want to pay $8 to find out that i did bad. All i can say is i am going to take the ACT & SAT several times at this rate if i keep scoring this way. Hmmmmmm....nothing really exciting happened today. i saw the Prince and Me tonight, and it was so unrealistic.
0	No comment.   Not looking good.  Millicent still hasn't answered.  Told Pansy I'd come find her, but didn't.  Can't manage Quidditch, let alone girls.  Definitely not looking good.   Quite disgusting what you've learned to do on your broom, Smith.  Is that why Susan broke up with you?  Poor girl, lied to her for... seven months, was it?
1	Hello everyone.  I hope ve vill have a vonderful time here.  Just today I was talking to mein Dark Lord und he said zhat he thinks zhis vill be a good outlet for all of mein feelings.  I do hope zhat ve can all make zhis zhe best community in zhe vorld. Und zhen ve can move on to zhe solar system and zhen zhe galaxy und all our ENEMIES VILL FALL BEFORE US TOD UND KIEG ZU UNSEREN FEINDEN.... Uh I am so sorry I get so vorked up sometimes.
1	And only if it was Saturday Things would be better than what today is today And I would be okay
1	The the next three days are as followed:   Friday- Work, Drop off car to get breaks changed, paint nails black, sabbat game, shinai match  Saturday- Pickup car, Grab bass equipment from storage, hangout with Laryn and my brother.  Sunday- Wake-up, go over song list, drive to Otto's Daughter's practice space for Auditioning!!!!!!!  Nervous?? Fuck NO!! I've been wait for this addition for a long time (three weeks). I will run into that audition like a samurai runs into battle. Shit, my equipment might even be set-up before I even knock on the fuckin door.  Head long, face first, I don't have time to be nervous!! I can't even sit still right now. Someone going to have to Jack-hammer the smile off my face!!! There's no stoping me!!!    MOTHER FUCKER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	How long does it take to really say goodbye? Are you ever sure you've said everything?  My doggy got injected with lethal stuff today. I don't know how far away doggy heaven is, but she must be there by now. I can imagine her with little wings.   Got me thinking about grief and how different people deal with it. How men/women deal with it differently. How some people shut down and others open up. How it can start off as a dull bleakness and escalate to full-blown hysteria, or the other way around, or just meander along as a dull ache. So many ways. No right one.  3 things I won't forget:   &nbsp&nbsp watching her fluffy brown body finally relax into motionless exhaustion;   &nbsp&nbsp how peaceful she looked on the kitchen floor while I played the Schumann Arabeske;   &nbsp&nbsp my dad arranging her paws in the big hole he'd dug in the garden.   The house is so empty.  I better stop before I start to bawl again.
1	 HAPPY BIRFDAY, KRISPNE!   (And Courtney!)  Luuuuffff!
1	I &lt;3 summer days, i ended up goin to sleep at lik 4 am and then i woke up at like 12:30 and just lied around until jon asked to hang out so i had dinner and then me and jon went to the mall but we got there just as it was closing so we left and walked over to borders and read stupid books haha and then ate cheese cake yummy then we went to see if any other stores were open but no its sunday so they werent, so we tried getting into the old kids r us but it was all locked :o( so then i remebered hey waldbaums is open so we went there and i got this conditioner specially for brunettes its thet john frieda brilliant brunette yeah i dunno why i'm gettin excited over conditioner but i am, and i got face stuff to get the face clean :o) haha so yeah did i mentiom i &lt;3 summer days :o) i never want the summer to end, even though i'm all excited about the senior thimg :o) hahah yeah i'm out....LATeR....
1	  In the ultimate reality show... God saying to the Pope, "You're fired!"&nbsp; Trump would probably try to sue him over it too.  &nbsp; Kevin's idea on how to replace him:&nbsp;    Who want's to be the next Pope   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;a Mark Burnett Production       &nbsp; 
1	I got accepted to Next Gen today!!! So happy right now. I saw The Passion last night. 'Twas awesome. There aren't words to explain how impacting the movie is...how impacting Jesus is. The fire alarm pulling has started again at school...I don't mind, as long as it's nice outside. I have to come up with $545 by July 1st. Which is a lot, but God has His ways of providing.
0	Posted a fic at       lunar_fics    and also at my Fic-LJ       soavefanciulla   ; it's rather depressing, but at least the next two I'll be posting should be happy ones.  Should be worrying about baking cookies, but...  Here is  Dance with Me 
1	Ok here is my to do list today: 1. Pee in a cup 2. Go look at my possible new apartment 3. GO SEE CATCH-22!!!  I really really need to sell my car also.  "It's all around me and  I just don't understand Seems all out of place now And I know it's late But you know what they say now  We're under attack now Our work is all cut out Whatever happened to your rights? And I know it's late But you know what they say now  So where's the writing on the wall Who's gonna save us? Who's gonna provide us? Who's gonna divide us? Who's gonna save us?  We're under powered now Trial devoured now Step aside make way for the new leader And it's getting late But you know what they say now"
0	i feel good for being able to sleep i feel crappy for eating... i feel happy for spending time with you. i feel crappy for eating... my face is round i like to feel bad about myself.. i like attention.. i am selfish... i am fat   life.is.a.mystery.  can.you.be.my.detective.?
0	My Lord, how long to sing this song?  And my Lord, how much more of this pretending to be strong?
1	I'm an uncle!  Yay!  Morgan Alexander Still was born today in England.  There was much rejoicing...  c.
0	bloody hell... think i'm sinking into a mindless state of depression. i'm so weak i can't stand myself
0	Bu Xiang Shui....  Actually more like Bu Neng Shui...  Probably tats why been falling sick with sore throat and all for so long, and never seem to be recovering from them.   Signs of depression? Nah. I think I am fine. I will be strong.  The emotional mind often has a life of its own... too active for my own good. Hate it somtimes...
1	There's so much going on right now. My mom had to go to the hospital the other night. She had this big lump on her chest and the doctor couldn't tell what it was. She went to a specialist today and thank goodness it was nothing. We're so relieved. It really made me think. What if it was something. What if she wasn't ok. I cried myself to sleep thinking about what I'do do if she wasn't around to see me graduate. If she wasn't there to see my wedding. If she wasn't there to hold my babies. I was prolly just making a big deal out of nothing but I'm so glad it's over.   I'm so busy with school. I start Ace Plus again on the 21st so I'll have class on Saturday's too. Ugh. It's only from 9 to 11 45 though. I really want to start a sewing class. I need to learn to use my machine! Well, I have things to do and people to see. 
1	I got an e-mail today from a guy I was stationed with in SD.  I havn't seen this guy in 8-9 years.  I'm glad he's doing well.
1	my prof, in response to my nerves about upcoming 3-weeks in london excursion:  "we can die a viking's death and enter the halls of valhalla together." -dr.jones    this will be excellent.:)
1	    i liked today...         my day...        no soccer game.        prom dress?        duck!        no prom dress        movie!        frog?!?!         (poor frog)         overall = nice         i love my friends...        **love**  
1	Waaaaaaaaah!  The Long Halloween Action figures!!!  Wave one includes The Joker, Catwoman, Two Face, The Mad Hatter and Batman.  And Wave 2 is solicited to run The Scarecrow, Young Commisioner Gordon, Robin, police Batman and THE RIDDLER!  See tim Sales concept scetches here:   http://www.comicworldnews.com/cgi-bin/i konboard/ikonboard.cgi?s=faf66bee6c1de8e 689755862f69699bd;act=ST;f=3;t=33;st=50    Or the wave one of the figure here!   http://www.action-figure.com/modules.ph p?op=modload&name=News&file=article&sid=14031   Probably some of the best action figures I have ever seen, capturing Tim Sales artistry perfectly.  The Joker just looks so much like he's just stepped of the page, and even has his Grinch like accsesories!  YAY!
1	Well, I just saw Peter for the second time this month.  It was really nice to see him again.  We went to Starbucks and got something to drink and then looked around Barnes & Noble.  It was really nice to see him.  Hopefully, he'll be taking drawing class every Wednesday in Pasadena this summer, so that's good in terms of being able to see him.  Other than that, I'm just gearing up for the performance on Friday at 12 PM.  It's going to be a lot of fun.  We're just practicing a lot so that our sound is good.  Well, that's about it for now.  I'll leave you with a quote by Kontetsuken.  "heroes with a puff-ball... MOOGLE POWER!" -      kontetsuken   
0	Firstly i went to to sheffield friday night and spent the whole weekend with Tuxman and Racheal both very very very wonderful poeple that i logve LOTS  Had lots of fun and sillyness which made me feel betterand more possitve, came home sunday night and went ot work moday feeling lots betterand then fouind out that      greeba    has got me a ticket to see NIN in July YAY  Then this morning i fouind out that Carrie is moving out in six months and as i can not aford this flat on my own it seems i have got six months to find somewhere new to live.  I love her so much ....  ** Update it now appears me and Carrie are going to find a bigger house together, after much talking **
0	Well, now I understand why every girl wants to be Eponine.  Today was good until about ten minutes ago, but I guess I was expecting that to come around sooner or later, so I'm not really surprised.  It's my own fault for listening to Les Mis.  That was a mistake.  And yet I continue to do it.   I had a nice day at school.  It just goes to show that if you really want to, and you really try...you can have a good day from the own sheer force of your will.  My AP Euro paper's due date was pushed back to Monday.  Sweet.  David is a nice boy.  My birthday is in one month and four days.  I don't really have anything to say, I guess.   "The city goes to bed, and I can live inside my head..." 
1	So I come home friday, and basically just relax all day because I was kinda hung over and just really tired.  Sat I hang out with matt during the early night, and thats pretty much it.  Today,  got up, wished my mom Happy Mothers Day, then started cleaning my room.  Dad called, and we went mountain biking.  Came back later, cooked mom dinner, then off to garretts to chill.  Smoked a joint with him and his boy Ethan, then the three of us went to play pool with garretts girl becky and this girl I kinda knew during high school Val.  After a few games and a few beers, came back to my place and played out in the rain for a while.  Now, just relaxing and talking to peeps.  Hope to see everyone soon at the BIG party.  Latas
1	 Tru Calling  two hour season two premiere tonight!  EEEEEE!
1	Wow. Not too shabby if I do say so myself. My prediction: 31-28.....Actual Score: 32-29. That's pretty darn close. The game was pretty good too. Came down to the wire. Kinda a flashback from two years ago. I kinda thought that Dijon Branch shoulda gotten MVP, but oh well- go Tom.   And the award for best commercial goes to....    It was a 3-way tie.... ~The one with the guy who had a monkey on his back ~The one with the official getting yelled at by his wife ~The one with a talking chimp  Anyway...now Im off to watch Survivor...Go Ethan!!
1	   Research can be fun.  Research can be interesting.&nbsp;    Research can be...  weird .         Since I write about a 16-year-old psychic who solves mysteries while trying to&nbsp;fit in at school and juggle two hot guys, I need to learn about psychics.&nbsp; In the past I've read psychic biographies, watched TV psychics, gotten readings from psychics and attended festive psychic fairs.        Well&nbsp;tonight I'm going to hear psychic Sylvia Browne speak in Sacramento.&nbsp; I've long admired her and am eager for this new experience.&nbsp; Of course, I won't get too close in an audience expected to be 2-3,000.&nbsp; But just being there with all that positive energy will be exciting.&nbsp; More on this tomorrow!   
1	ok i havent wrote in here in like for ever and a day but "IM IN HEMET " and im lovin it im having a absolute blast me and amanda are haning out like every day and the boys here are like so super gorgus will at leat like five are i wish i could stay here and have nikke and linds come live with me oh and monica i adore that little girl i dont have to go to school for a long time it is like a dream the best dream i could ever have its amazening totaly amazening some one pinch me oh wow California is so beautiful i love it with my life like whoa!! and i mean WHOA!!!!!!!!!!!!! love you guys and always will bye i will be back some day
0	"Though I'd share. Ya know, this is the same fucking thing as denying women rights, the whole segregation bullshit, same thing as the whole Anti-Semitism shit...  "It's not the same," someone at work said to me, "this is about people who do unholy acts!"  Cuz it's fucking holy to suppress women, Jewish people, people of different races too, right? So it used to be. *snarls*   http://www.guardian.co.uk/arts/feat ures/story/0,11710,1369643,00.html?gusrc=r ss   And before you start, I'm fucking straight as an arrow, so don't even try to say "It's only cuz you're lesbian/bisexual." But I can recognize this bullshit."  Preach it, girl. *sighs* *hides her books and plays under her mattress*
0	ONE MORE DAY AND HE IS GONE FOR A YEAR....:-(  I pray that god will watch over him and bring him home soon.
1	I think when the weather is nice, everyone gets put into a better mood. Today was awesome I wanted to go outside and just RUN AROUND! But I didn't because I had no one to play with, haha. I GOT A TATTOO!!! It's awesome I love it and I want another one! Tomorrow I'm going to look at another apartment with my brother. Hopefully he won't back out on it AGAIN because if he does, I'm gonna be out on the street....or paying my mom rent....Hmmmm which would be worse? Anyways. Tomorrow is also supposed to be nice! Hopefully I'll be able to do something active. That's all for now.  p.s. Lauren, you should come to the Friday Night Freak Show with us tomorrow. I love you.
0	So now Christopher Reeve is dead, too. There are far too many people we grew up with dying lately. It is a depressing thing.
1	I get to see my baby in 8 hours and 15 minutes! *bounce*  I'm so excited :)  Pat and the girls are going with me so we can all see him/her.  Just a tiny little jellybean right now, but still, he/she is our baby!    I'm really worried about losing the baby.  I'm almost paranoid about it.  I'm sure this is a normal part of pregnancy - I'm pretty sure I did the same thing when I was pregnant with Cheyenne.  I can't help it.  So please keep your fingers crossed for us at 9:30 am, the time of my appt.
1	And not to brag, but I was too excited not to post this:  Wake Forest Ranked First in the Country in Men's Basketball .  Also,  rankings , in case you'd like to see it twice.   ::evil laughter:: &nbsp; So maybe I'm gloating a  little .    Go Deacs!   
1	like the new layout?? im pschyed, me, erin, and justing are seeing GREEN DAY with MCR at the td waterhouse on april 16th at 8pm!  im too excited for words!
1	[ Error:  Irreparable invalid markup ('&lt;why [...] it&#39;s&gt;') in entry.  Owner must fix manually.  Raw contents below.]   I can&#39;t stop shopping!  Today I bought three new pairs of pants.  &lt;Why are they a PAIR of pants? It&#39;s not like you GET TWO, you get ONE item with two legholes.&gt;  I also bought another PAIR (used correctly in this instance) of shoes.  Then I went to The Gap and bought three new sweaters.  Tonight I&#39;m going to the movies- I don&#39;t know what I&#39;m seeing though. I know that I WILL be wearing one of my new outfits though :)  Hooray for the mall!!!  :) 
1	*decides to venture out of suspended animation for a while*    &lt;3    *walks along cheerfully*
1	dane cook is  amazing  and happy birthday sarah awww i heart you
0	What a bad night ! okay well first of all i was trying to do my hair and it wouldn`t work so i friggen flipped out.. and now i feel really ugly.. probably cuz i am.. and that is no fun * :(  and now I think I just made somebody mad.. I really need to keep my mouth shut.. god i try.. i try really hard to make everyone happy.. and i can`t... and it makes me sad.. very sad...  im out
1	I can't tell you how happy it makes me that Tony Moore was nominated for an Eisner for his Walking Dead covers.
1	Alas....it is Friday! :o) Tonight I'm doing my fav thing....shopping!  Hooray!  There are a couple new cd's I need.  Yes....NEED!  I need a new pair of pants to match a sweater I bought last week.  New shades would be cool too.  Ok....off to shop I go! *smiles*
0	         You Are the Peacemaker                 9          You are emotionally stable and willing to find common ground with others.  Your friends and family often look to you to be the mediator when there is conflict.  You are easy going and accepting. You take things as they come.  Avoding conflict at all costs, you're content when things are calm.          What number are you?     Oh my. How wrong that is. I am SO not emotionally stable. I'm actually impressively unstable. Even when heavily medicated.
1	Almost forgot!  England won the rugby world cup today!!    WOOHOO!!  GO ENGLAND!!
1	Okay, so I promised someone that I'd post pictures of "where I live".  Well, my actual city isn't nearly as cool as hers, and I haven't been able to get out to take pictures of it.  However, these are from a hike I took two years ago, about 45 minutes away from where I live.  That may seem far, but Phoenix is friggin' huge, and I WORK 45 minutes away from where I live (granted, in the opposite directions, but still).  So anyway.  These are not too far away from me at all.  I will try to get better pictures soon of my "daily surroundings", like maybe snap a picture or two when I'm in gridlock on the way to work.  But for now, these will have to do.  Just a couple.  :)  And hey, when I get back from my trip to Hawaii (for which I leave in SIX DAYS), I will hopefully have lots of AWESOME pictures.  Very excited about that trip.             
1	Thanks to       mr_moleskin    for the loan of the camera, here's some photos!     me looking  bling            damn I'm sexy!      Derek, me, Mr Moleskin, and whatshisface      Me doing some special top-secret computery things      Me caught on video - I'd make a great actress!!! :-D   
0	I thought that it would be nice to tell you all a little bit about me family next and me past.  Well me mum's name is Katheryn (THANKS MUM) and me dads name is Steven.  Me mum told me not to write about him because he left two years ago to get milk and he didnt come back and nanny allbright saw him leave town in a truck with the lady who worked at the shop down the road.  And she said that she was an hore.  Me mum told me to delete that but then the doorbell rang so i dont have to! FUCKING BRILLIANT!    AT the moment i live with me mum and nanny allbright and me dog charmander.  me favourite thing in all the world is pokemon, i like all of them but me favorite is pikachu, i like all them the most acutaully but i like pikachu espeshilly the most.    I miss me dad sometimes but he is out getting milk so he will come back soon.  charmander misses him to.    OH NO! ME MUMS COMING BACK! GOT TO GO!
1	Tonight started off crappy, cos my appartment feels like a freezer!!  But then I was rescued by my knight in shining armour. hehe. We hung out at his place most of the night, watching TV and chatting away, while I warmed up again! haha. It ended up being such a fun night in the end. But now I'm home again....and cold again.....but at least I'm all excited and happy now!!! :))
1	It is an unfortunate fact for many people that the groundhog predicted six more weeks of wintry weather.  The good thing about his prediction is that I love snow.  I love weather in general.  Rain is one of my particularly favorite types of weather, but I also love snow and the silence that comes along with snow.  So although I love the showers that are contingent upon the coming of May, I believe that six weeks of winter is perfectly fantastic.  I was tired today and sick and stressed, but right now I feel absolutely superb.
1	i got the dvd today! *squeek!!* found it at Walgreens for $6. that's pretty damn good, lol. i've been looking for this movie for like 5 yrs so YAY! Devon Sawa's in it. :D    http://devonsawa.org/ 
0	*waits for Lindorie to come over*  *spots her coming up the stairs with Morno*  *skulks off to his room and goes to play by himself with his toy soldiers* :(   Why did he have to come over? I wanted to play with Lindorie and now I can't cause he doesn't like me cause all he does is yell and be upset with me and I don't know why, I've hardly ever seen him. :(( 
1	Further to my last post, things have changed. Before, Mom wasn't happy about us going to London, but we've convinced her to come too. Hehe. We're (myself,       nylgeroo    and       jimmy_griff   ) going to stay for a couple of nights somewhere and she's going to go to a show whilst we're at Muse. So yay.  We bought sitting tickets for Monday. I had the same problem as       lemons   : by the time the page had loaded for me (9 minutes past 9), the standing tickets had sold out. Ah well. At least we're going.  Who else is going to the Monday gig?
0	I know i said yesterday i said i wernt going to go college but i have decided i think it is best for me because it will give me a decent qualification..so i am guna be going at the end of the year *Cries* I dont wana but me and mum have been talkin and it is best for mee!..Im sorry :( ..but dont worry i aint guna forget any of you lot..u lot are always guna be my true mates ..trust me!..*Cries*
1	 Mel's helping me out by modeling my makeup artistry for my portfolio.&nbsp; We got shot by &nbsp;      trickyfishy   &nbsp; and       cambler    the other night, they got some friggin' awesome shots of her.&nbsp; Great photographers plus great models equal awesome photo's, yay!&nbsp; I'm stoked!    THANKS GUYS!!! =) 
0	Well, for those of you wondering, Jeremie didn't find the anti-virus.  I'm not sad for me, just for him, because he's really depressed over all this.  I didn't mean to hurt him so. Honest....  Aelita*
0	So yeah this is my first entry, i wish it could be a happy one but you know how that goes! My bnoyfriend is mad at me and i dont even know why! We may be braking up but i really hope not cause i love him sooo much! We are watching Titanic in drama right now and i am really sad cause it is at the part where jack dies and it really makes me sad because i dont want him to but anywayz there is nothing i can do about that now is there??? Well i gess i'll go and help lexi and Jesse paint somthing for our play cinderella that we are doin!!!!   MUCH LOVE TO THE HOMIES!!!             Alison
1	last night one of my favorite people and i trekked up to cleveland to see grant lee phillips, who i already adored, but after seeing him (and meeting him[!!!]) i adore him even more, if that is possible. wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!
1	So last night was fucking awesome!!! I went to the t-bird with em and had a total blast.  Ashley and Taylor, you rock! All those people that I also hung out with but I don't remember your names (if I even bothered to ask) you're awesome too.  I had fun with David.  (blushes and smiles, you would know if you were there).  All and all it rocked and I have no regrets, that's the way life's meant to be lived, no regrets.  I love you all thanks for rocking my world.  Oh and I wanna do that again definitely soon.
1	I passed.  Yes I passed my topology qual.  Oh wonderful day, only two more to go.  Now I am very happy and have gotten zero work done since I found out.  There are some days that a person is just to happy to do much of anything.  But tommarrow I must come down from this high and actually do more topology.  But, I PASSED.
1	Well, as most of you already know, I quit the WC.  I talked to Jennifer- she is so sweet & understanding.  Then I talked to Austin.  He was just as cool.  They both seem genuinely concerned about what's happening at the WC.  I wonder what's going to happen next semester.  I wonder if the people that say they're leaving next semester will really leave next semester.  We'll see.  My weekend was great.  Christy's (my sister) National Honor Society induction was yesterday.  It was very nice.  I'm so proud of her.  Brings back so many beautiful memories of my HS years.    I'm taking 12 hrs in the summer.  Finite math, microecon, financial acct, and managerial acct.  It's going to be a loooooooong summer.
1	Ok have a spare couple of mins so I'll write a bit now...  I'm off to Luxembourg for the weekend as I said to meet my girlfriends parents and (main reason :) ) go to a big party. From what I gather it's a big kind of festival thing, so theres parties all over the shop (I think!). Its a bit weird going to a country where I wont understand any of the language, at least in France I know enough to ask directions or order some drinks! But anyway I am looking forward to it, it should be interesting!  Ciao for now (sorry dont know what the Luxembourgish for bye is!)  Will
1	wow 1 year!!! lily &hearts; casey 4-eva  THERE IS A COUGAR ON THE LOOSE IN MY TOWN. no joke. there is a big traffic sign on central street flashing "CAUTION - MOUNTAIN LION SIGHTED IN AREA". and there are big-ass cougar tracks behind idylwilde (which is right next to where i live. like, it's the adjoining property). wow wow wow. acton is so much cooler now that we have a cougar.
1	 I have a smexy new LJ layout!  Oh, God, that hoodie is just too cute. XD Sankyuu, Becky!  So today I worked in my writing journal, watched the first DVD of  Peacemaker Kurogane  (SQUEE, I love Shinpachi! And Heisuke just cracks me up XD), wrote a little, and my sister uncovered my  Night World  series. ^^ Yay!  *molests her layout some more* My God, I just love this boy. X3  I can't believe tomorrow is my last day of break before school. *cries* And we're not supposed to get any more days off until graduation. T-T  Oh well! ^^ I'm gonna try to write some more.   I so need a Shinpachi icon. Maybe one of him and the "lizard face." XD  Dude,  Peacemaker  so kicks the ass of any other samurai anime I've ever seen...
0	I terribly find myself useless..&gt;_&lt; Not being to help one in trouble.one who is lost in relationship..all i can do is just...give advises?! And continue to look at him suffer?!Damn i have to get the habit of being emotional away...
1	Almost Done With My HTML Class....Workin on images for my final website. Wanna Se Some Sample? Sure Ya Do. Lemme Know What's Up   
0	How can I go from being so fucking cheerful, to so utterly depressed?  It just happens overnight.  No, it happens in an instant.    If no one ever explained the idea of depression to me, would I feel so shitty?  I hate these moments.  I think I have had 2,324,338 of these moments in my short-lived life.  I say:  Boo, to days like this. Boo, to my life. Boo…Boo…Boo.
1	ok well last night was one of the greatest shows ive been to in a long time. i saw modest mouse at soma. it was amazing seeing them play even tho i wasn't up front. it was such a good show even tho they played mostly from good news.  upcoming events that are going to be also great this month? feb 8- my birthday feb 12-21 - no school (mid winter break) feb 13- blood brothers w/chinese stars feb 20- Interpol w/blonde redhead feb 26- The Weirdos  its going to be awesome.
0	life has really had it in for me these past 30 days.  hopefully the next 30 days will be a lot better.  perhaps it will begin with the sunshine will new years eve show at 35 plum. hopefully hopefully hopefully.
1	let me start by saying screw halo 2! Everquest 2 is where its at, if only i can play it.  well i get my computer back tomrrow, my stay of hyjacking mels computer is over. i finally get rachel back!  ill post more tomrrow   ps: if you dont see or talk to me for weeks on end, dont worry, iv just been playing eq2
0	 The  ONE DAY  I leave my cell phone at home by accident is the day he calls.  Twice.  So he's not in Tall 'Afar at all - he's in Al Kafik, and I have no idea if that's better or worse.  Gah.  I hate my life right now.
0	Am having an emotional breakdown.  As evil tendencies begin to surface they conflict with my desire to be loved. Especially loved by a  certain some one .   All this cummulates into me weeping.  *weeps*
0	*shakes head* I fear that yet another blow has been struck to the middle east peace process.  President Bush did not help things when he said "Hey, y'all look like the  Pillsbury Doughboy TWINS " to Sharon and Abbas, and then reached out and poked them  both in the belly to see if they'd giggle.  It's times like this that I really miss Richard Nixon...  Sure he was ugly, sneaky, and hunchbacked, but you never saw Mr. Nixon challenging the Israeli Prime Minister to a pissing contest like....okay nevermind.  Just forget I said anything.  That didn't happen.    
0	  &nbsp;    A living nightmare, asleep but still aware. The endless torture. I grasp myself. Trying to regain control. I experience and learn. In another faction of my mind. So confused. But everything makes perfect sense. Can't feel the pain. Emotional pain's so much deadlier. Lost, you've just been raped. Pain. Your friends can't help you. Why wont they help you? Another reality. This can't be happening. Why is this happening? Who the fuck are you? Who the fuck. Are you?- avenged sevenfold&nbsp;:art of illusion:       This whole subject needs to be&nbsp;dropped. I can't&nbsp;move on&nbsp;and heal when everyone keeps&nbsp;talking about it&nbsp;with me.  You&nbsp;can't help me .  &nbsp;&nbsp;No, it can't be ignored and blah blah blah. But I am dealing with it in my own way.&nbsp;So unless I&nbsp;bring it up, don't talk to me about it.       Thank you.  
1	Hey everyone!  Its been such a nice break here in Hawaii so far.  I hate that i was actually complaining about being here.  It's just that I miss everyone so much when i go on trips.  This is why i prefer having friends with me on trips.  But anyways its been very nice.  My family and I have been getting to know the island alot more and we have been checking out all the hidden beaches and coves.  Other than going to beautiful beaches and exploring, i've been taking it pretty easy and i've been taking alot of pictures, quite the vacay.  Well, I miss all of you alot!   Yes and it is almost new years and 2005 is the year of the libra!    k off to watch the best part of home alone!
1	  Tonight I leave for roadtrip weekend. Hours in Louisville, before heading to Indiana for the show. I wish I could get ahold of my ex-stepmom and sister, to visit. I haven't seen her (sister) since she was a baby (she's 13 now).   Saturday February 12th, 2005   Faded Promises  w/ The Phoenix Rising, The Tribute, The Renaissance Affair, & Ache:Emelie! @ The Crump Theatre in Columbus, IN  I'll be home Sunday evening.  No more promises or words for faded promises. This may or may not be the end. This may or may not be an attempt for something new again.  &lt;3  
0	about 3 hours ago i have just had an argumen with a mate of mine. i called him two faced bec he is and i had had enough so i told him..... and i tried to explain and now he donesnt want to here i know he will come back bec he always does and i feel really bad about it....... and help
1	Reddin' are you ready for me? Huh, are you? Hoooooo-Waaaa!
1	Heh, can I post in here? xD  Anyways, just a quick stop-by to check things out~ o.o I'm  really  glad that there's  finally  an anime convention close by~ xD Even when I was in Oregon, the nearest convention was Sakura Con up in Seattle, but it was still worth the drive~ x3  So the convention's in March, ne? Excellent! Currently, I'm living in New Mexico, although I'll be moving to Tempe come this January. And yes! I'll be cosplaying~! x3  Ahh, so happy, so happy~ x3
0	 http://www.ultimate-guitar.com/news/gen eral_music_news/pj_harvey_quits.html   WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!  Please tell me this is a bad joke. And did any of you already know about this? ARGHHHHH I'm so devestated. That was one of the  best shows I've ever fucking seen.  Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck FUCK.
1	wow i haven't updated in awhile- ok well nothing really has been going other than i'm going to prom with adam!!! woohoo! lol! and we hung out last night (we came to my house and watched the incredibles with my family! lol!) and i kissed him good night!! lol! i'm so happy right now! i'm getting butterflies just thinking about it! lol! and prom is going to be sooo much fun but there's so much drama already about it! and adam just coul care less what we do! lol! so.. but we'll see what happens! hey i got asked!!! and by someone i really like! and that's all that matters right now! lol
1	Ah, took it very easy last night, and got up early today and went to Stumptown for some of PDX's finest coffee. We then cruised out to the Nordstrom Rack out in Gresham. Decent place, I got some very slick K-Swiss shoes, and M got a whole pile of stuff. I bought her some nice brown leather Italian pumps too... I was really looking for some nice cool jeans but I didn't come up with much. Basically it looked like every pair of jeans they had in there were being worn by every single guy in there. Oh well, keep looking. I'm picky when it comes to jeans...  We went to the always amazing  Yuki  for sushi with my old housemate Rick. The food there is soooo tasty.   I ate, in no particular order:  Deep fried tofu w/dipping sauce Creamy scallop nigiri &lt;- had not tried before, delicious sizzling plate spicy chicken yakisoba  Yummm...   Just went and ran for 45 mins/600 cals, still feeling full haha :)  Tonight? I want to go see Gunner Palace but we'll see what happens!
1	  You are a Siamese!  You are fun-loving, playful, energetic, talkative, and exotic.  You are the center of attention and you love every minute of it.      What breed of cat are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	Just sitting here thinking about all the wasted years of my life and many more to come...
1	Wow, the hols have been better than I expected.  Except for everything at the store. Business is worse than usual - even Marquesa knows it - and I don't know what would happen if we closed down. If only Mum would take my Divination suggestions! It's a good thing Nicholas has that scholarship.   I saw Katie in Hamlet and she was brilliant!  I wish she weren't so depressed, but at least I got to help.  And tomorrow, Slatero, Jenica, Terene and I are going hiking! We did lunch today, too.  I love being able to throw out names and phrases like that!  I wish it could stay summer forever.
1	one (and only?) complete picture of the whole Ripa kids (me and my cousins).. (eeep kids pa ba ung iba?? hihihi..)      from left to right, top to bottom     Kenneth,me(!),John Patrick,Dennis Albert,Mardy Lovella,Isabel,Marcelo III,Michelle Anne,Christine Marie,Kayzelle Joy,John Carlo,Virgilio Jr.    siblings:  Mardy Lovella,me(!),Michelle Anne,Marcelo III  from my older uncle: John Carlo, Kayzelle Joy  from my younger uncle: John Patrick, Virgilio Jr., Kenneth  from my aunt (eeep, di pala Ripa to!): Dennis Albert, Christine Marie, Isabel
0	I've been home for less than a day and i'm already missing San Diego. I was in front of my t.v. all day, falling in and out of consciousness 'cause i was so tired from the trip up. It's been lonely and i've barely spoken two sentences all day. *sigh*  Steve called me this morning, that was pretty much the highlight of my day. I miss everyone. I think this is the first day in a long time i have gone without a laugh. I don't like it. It's so morbid in my house. Someone save me?
1	 My life in a nutshell: I hang out with Aliscia daily. Heres some pics from around Christmas:             Me, Kyle, Whitney   Whit and Ash   Mike, Kyle, Chris, Whit, Me, Ash and Whit's g-parents   The Group: Chris, Whit, Kyle, Me, Ash, Mike   Group again   ...and again   Chris and Whitney   Ashley failing to put on Mike's flower (and if you look in the background Whitney couldnt do it for Chris either so I did it for her)   Ash and Mike   Oops look you caught me off guard   Me and Whit  Mmmk thats it for now! 
0	Last night, i was talking to       schnook13    about today's vote in Kansas. Momentarily, we dreamed that Kansas might shed its reputation as a state of bigotry and hate (or conservative "values" as some may claim); as all other states vote to legislate discrimination, Kansas would stand out as the one state who said no.  Then we came back from the land of the crazies, and dared to hope that at least when the new amendment passes, it'll be by less than 70%.&nbsp; Probably still delusional, but optimism helps to maintain sanity.  Edit: I did a news search to see if there were any preliminary results, and i came across the following quote by Kansas Attorney General Phill Kline: "The marriage amendment is an unfortunate, necessary reaction to activist courts,."  Surely you jest.  Activiist judges in Kansas? Come on.
1	I have a day off today and guess what I did with it?  SLEPT IN.  It was pretty friggin' sweet.  I like sleeping in and so on!  Well I am trying to think of someone I HAVEN'T borrowed a movie from here so I can go ask them what they have.  I have watched hundreds of movies since I have been out here.  Many of which I have never seen before!  Only if I was good with names.  Then I would be like a movie buff.  I just watch the movie for the movie and never remember the names of the actors or actresses in em.  I hardly ever remember the names of the characters!  They don't allow porn out here so those kinda movies don't get played.  If they do it is probably on someone's personal laptop that they brought with them.  *smile*  Yeah I am guilty, but I do share the wealth HA!  So really not much to tell since only things I have done today are wake up and go eat.
1	I bought a dictionary today!  It has a penguin on the front!  It's very etymological!  ... ... ...  man, I'm a bigger geek than I thought... oh well  Yay dictionary!
1	    I picked up Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas earlier this evening, and it is AMAAAAAZZING. Say goodbye to me folks because I won't emerge from my room for at least 2 years, and I will have a ZZ Top beard and massive body odor upon my reintroduction to the world. Okay, maybe that's a stretch, but this game is tight.  There's some other big news in my life right now, but I'll talk about that later. 
0	  Listen to the Yellowcard CD.   Go see Cellular and Without a Paddle.   Thanks.          Rachel        P.S.&nbsp; I hate fighting with friends.       
1	Hi everyone,  Just want to mention that my friend and mentor, Barbara Haworth-Attard (      haworth_attard   ), has started a blog! Barb has had 11 YA books published here in Canada and is having her first YA, 'Theories of Relativity' published in the States by Henry Holt. Yay Barb!   (      zeisgeist    be sure to add Barb to       yawriterblogs   ! Thanks.)
1	Thank god for doctors appointments! Meaning that the two yes now it's two cause the dad of the one little girl got a girlfriend who had a kid and guess who got dumped with her anyway the one little girl has doctors appointments so Ladonna and I get a day off. THANK THE POWER. Now don't get me wrong there great alone but when you get the two girls and Ladonna's little boy together it's hell on Earth and I am so glad to have a day off! But I have no idea what I am going to do with it. Probably just sit around and do absolutely nothing as that sounds pretty damn good right about now.
1	   I'm home for the  Holidays ! YAY!! I'm here until  Jan 3rd ,  so IM me or Note me and we'll meet up!!!!!!!!!!!        Grades for my  first  semester: Econ - "C" Math - "B" English - "A" French I - "B" Comm I - "B" (That's a  3.0  for my first semester, not too shabby!)         I got an  RA position  for next semester, my new address is as follows:        Brittney ECU  246 Cotten Hall  Greenville, NC 27858        Had Christmas at the grandparents this last weekend...then I'll have Christmas w/ my family &amp; Brandon(my boyfriend)&nbsp;Friday night ( Christmas Eve ) after the Christmas Eve service at church. And then  Santa  Christmas morning -  YAY !        HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRANDON&nbsp;  (Tomorrow!!! Hehe) 19, wahoo - I Love You!!!        Plus, I heard snow for Friday night...it'll be gorgeous if it does * SNOW * :) YAY        Ttyl,        * Britt *      &nbsp; 
1	so everyone, i am really excited. i am going with danny to prom. i am so excited for it now, if only i knew what day it actually was... haha. well that seemed like big news to me. anyway, have to go take a nap or something before my meeting.  --morgan
1	 Mark! Emma! Emmo! Lewis!   Simon may be coming on sunday!  I would like you all to meet him! Esp you buns! =P This may all come to nothing but we'll see! Keep sunday night free folks!!!!
0	with all of this i feel now everything inside of my heart it all just seems to be how nothing i feel pulls at me at all again i wait for this  to pull apart  to break my time in two another night with her but i'm always wanting you
0	I'm 99% sure that the jasmine plant on my desk at the office has spider mites.. what do I do to get rid of these evil little guys?
1	I GOT THE CO-OP IN NORTH CAROLINA.  YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	   I'm pitching a tent in the woods somewhere round here and&nbsp;CAMPING for   SPRING BREAK!!!       Wanna join... MKAY!, please do, leave a message.      First half of next week... or until we get bored
1	today was a pretty meh/bad day (except for that excellent two hour delay part of it) till i came home today (early at that) and found a nice package from penn state that said congratulations! on it. so i knew what that meant: if nothing else, i'm at least going to fuckin' college!  so i'm excited about that. i dunno what kinda response i'll get from the other schools i applied to, but at least i know i'll be going to college. and that's a relief. i know everyone will tell me that i should shut up bc of course i'd be going to college, but i really was a bit worried about it. so it's nice to know that i've been accepted somewhere. finally.  and that will be all. comment and congratulate me on my accomplishments, bitches.
1	Here are the three latest updates at the  X23 Fansite .   ~Image Gallery~    NYX LJ Icons 05-10 : Six X-23 LJ icons from NYX #4. Two icons are animated. Each icon is 100 x 100 pixels and under 38k.   Uncanny X-Men #450 Cover Image : From  The Cruelest Cut  story arc. Wolverine's 30th Anniversary Celebration starts off with a bang as the X-Men investigate some mysterious murders in New York City. All the victims seem to have been cut to pieces by blades -- adamantium blades. But if Wolverine didn't murder these people, then who did? I'm sure X-23 fans already know the answer.   Uncanny X-Men #451 Cover Image : From  The Cruelest Cut  story arc. Half-naked X-23 crouching on top of an unconscious Wolverine.  Big thanks to the people who pointed out the Uncanny X-Men cover images to me!
0	Wait one minute, or let the drive last forever. A single moment turned in to eternity. A snap of the fingers and everything was gone. And for what, waiting for the green, heading towards school, getting caught by an impatient ass hole.   One life exchanged for one minute of time shredded from your trip. One life shredded by the inconvenience of one stop. I hope every light you see reminds you of the red that wasn't important enough to stop for. To you, I hope the worst.   Let people know how important they are daily. Do everything you want when you get the chance. Make the best of everything you do. Live your life knowing every intersection you cross could be your last.  My sympathy goes out to everyone who has been affected by this terrible circumstance.
0	         You are a "Neko" (cat)                        What Japanese Smiley Are You?     *sighs*.. so tired of having to either walk all over to get around anywhere or staying at home as can't afford to walk to eugene all the times sighs* (takes me about half hr to get here-the public library, from home/ took me an hour and half to walk to eugene and back again on monday. feet still ache from that)... other than that..nothing going on sighs.. except upset that buses are still on strike/can't get ol/losing money need badly from plasma center as can't find a ride to there/so called car pool on the bus site still not gotten back to me/probly never will...  sighs and is completely broke.... miss ya'll *sighs* wouldn't be so bad if could get ol at home finally *ugh* still working on that/waiting to hear from mate how long that might take........
0	       Pass along this small tribute, copy this code. 
1	So ya lastnight was absolutly great...alot of the bands totally caught me off guard, and put on a sweet show. cudos   TONIGHT IS GONNA BE ABSOLUTE MURDER  MURDER!!!!!   Vertical Fade - Incubus The Seranaders - Killswitch Engage The Endings - Blindside Faceless Hulk - Clutch Love Metal - H.I.M. When We Dead Awaken - Refused Kangoskatbot - Elliot Smith  in no way shape or form can you go wrong with this line up...i suggest anyone going, go uber early...cause it's gonna be ass rapingly good from start to finish...  pumped to play the blindside friends!   gee    MURDER!!!!!!! X 10.5
1	Today I unfortunately missed neighbours and I found out that I had missed such a good one!! It appears that the one i missed happened to have sky mangel (WoW) write a book and call it "Chasing Wonderboy". Now for all those people who are lost, that is what my joke name is to some people, including Dr Morrison. I think its a sign!! Yay. She wants me *wishes*  
1	hello! I am new here.... I hope I get along with you all  xxx from senshigeia  p.s: I LOVE FUSHIGI YUUGI!!!
1	I just spent 600 dollars on hockey gear.   This is totally gonna fucking rock.
0	no comments for derek...i see how it is kids.....he's sick and you dont give a shit about him!!!! :'(     in saddness     -derek
1	As many of you can surmise, I've been absent for a few weeks. No, EA isn't working me insane hours. I've been battling something personal and it finally came to a head. I've finally made my decision on what to do and have begun my journey to finally heal my wounds.  As a result, I'm happier now than I've ever been in my life. Soon, Chrismas break will allow me to take a much needed week off so I can wrap up some chapters of Sailor Ranko and post them on my site.  Sorry I've had to put you, my readers, through my little emotional roller coaster. For me, my ride has only just begun.
1	It's       anoran   's 21st today.     Hope it's to your liking - this is what I disappeared off to do earlier when I spoke to you. Have a good one *hugs*  -Rich
1	Now one would think that "A night at a fire house" would be a title for a wet dream that Rob would have... However, I spent last night at my new g/f's (Rachael) room at the firehouse in college park and it was an expierence.  Once i got used to hearing the very low volume radio chatter from the ceiling and the occasional really load alarms I slept well.  I actually slept 10x's better last night in a twin size bed with Rachael in a firehouse than I have slept in the past few weeks.  I woke up in a very happy mood and even today as the day is half way through, I feel this new energy that has kept me smiling and up beat all day.  I only hope that management does not screw up my good mood for me today....
0	First of all, the tool room didn't have the dies ready from last night when we got in. They would have them ready about 2/3 the way into our shift, but too late for us to worry about trying to get the press started. Fortunately (?), there is an alternate tool set for horizontal presses which was set up and able to to be running. We were getting parts from those lines to finish the assembly on. And we could do that better than third shift!  With about 3/4 of an hour left to go before the end of the shift, the customer told us there was a problem with some of the parts we were molding on the horizontal press, a defect in the die which was causing material to appear on the end of the shaft which wasn't supposed to be there. It took us still more time to get that trimmed off on the one mold cavity which was causing us problems.  The weather was a bit cooler today, but things should be warming up into the 50s again for the next few days.
1	Test, Class, Work.    But got to work with Nikki for 3 hours - we could probably host a very funny talk show.  But really the point of this post isn't to talk about her - it's to mention that I got 100% on my stats test!    Got a little time before meeting up at 4th street -- so I think I'll get some work on my masters thesis...  should really finish it up soon - means i should start writing it.
1	hey hey everyone..im in school right now ..in my study. i just got here a lil while ago..yea i wasnt feeling well so i came in late. kat's not here again.. I MISS YOU! its rainy n icky outside but o well. tonight jen n i will prob go look for milball dresses together..n shirts. hopefully my mom will still take us. jen is prob gonna sleep over. it's weird sometimes i think im closer to jenny n then others im closer to rac. its like a toss up but i love them both. they are great friends..neways...hmm..wats up ? im bored i have nothing to do. o well i think ill go to sleep sounds like a plan. im really not tired though i went to bed lastnight at like 11 thats like a record for me! i didnt even watch friends i was sooo tired. i think i will go now cuz people r coming in the library!   buhbye everyone *hugs*-hugs are nice arent they? i was discussing that with dave lastnight ill get into it more later
1	soooo can i just say  mothafuckin BEST BOYFRIEND EVER!!!  cant even DESCRIBE how awsome....oy. matthew- you fill my canteen
1	Just came back from watching a couple movies with Val, Shelby and cute a$$ guys. hehehe I should try to go watch them practice. :D
1	Well, yesterday was my first day back.  It went well.  Here's what i did...  ~Unpacked ~Lunch out with pete and joe ~Grocery shopping ~More unpacking ~Talked to a great person online for a while....and it was our first (and 2nd) convo....definitely made a friend ~Visited kate and 'nessas new room and caught up ~Ate dinner with my drewbies! ~Watched "stangers with candy" and played scrabble with pete and joe ~Hugged Jbomb and Adam and Q  I think that's all, overall a great day :)
1	i finally got furniture for my back deck! whee! what a score - a cute table and 2 chairs from world market for a mere $100. hopefully it won't get stolen. cross your fingers. i got some cute  butterfly chairs  for the front porch but i'm really afraid those will get stolen. i may just have to keep those inside unless they're being used. damn the sketchy neighborhood that i love.
1	I think the only productive thing I did today was shave my hairy man legs. So now they are back to being girl legs. My mom had to talk to me today and that sucked but then she made me cookies which made it all better. But I exceeded my limit of cookies so now my stomach kinda hurts.  So anyways while everyone was at prom last night, I sat at home. But this time it was good because my branden came over. We hung out and watched fucking TLC and looked at the sex book haha it was lots of fun.  Better than prom haha.
0	I HATE the way things have to be. Why?? It's not fair. I jus wish i could break out of this freakin place. Everytime i think about all the bad things that have happened, i can't stop crying. UGH, it sucks... and the bad part is that i can't tell any of my friends about it. Ohh well. I hope somethin will happen and it will change it all.   G*Nite   }i{ Amber J
0	. it sux when u think u can trust someone u know u shouldnt. then u do. and it just ends up kicking u in the ass more than once.. its a bitch. now i know why they say that a person has one maybe two real friends in life.
1	My bad ... didn't update for a while. But I'm watching the Lakers vs. Pistons game 2 of the NBA finals, so I'm still watching!  :-P
1	Using oranges and Meyer lemons from my very own backyard       serenejournal    made jelly (I supervised and made appropriate "oohs" and "ahhs". The four jars are cooling on the dining room table as I type. From a taste we got from a little unset jelly that was left over it is yummy. It tastes abit like the orange marmalade once served at Gilman Grill. Which I've been missing.
1	Harry Potter and the Halfblood Prince comes out June 16 2005!  That's only  seven  months!!  Last time she made us wait  four bloody years!   Ehem.  As you all can see I'm exicited.  It's like Christmas come early (or really late depending on your outlook).  So who's gunna be a nut and try to be there for opening day?  That's right, me.  Now, I just gotta find someone crazy enough to go with me....  With all my love, Shirley
1	I am officially a real aunt! (as an only child the only way  is thru my in-laws). Ryan's sister had her baby last nite- a boy also- Anthony John! I am dying to call him AJ, but I don't know how Kerry would take that. Congrats to Kerry & Lou! Kerry called us an hour after she had the kid, she *had* to have been all drugged up still. Hopefully we can see him tonite!
1	for all u people who don't know there is grad party at my house friday .. and most likely last through the weekend..  so who ever wants to come can .. and if u are going to safe grad and don't wanna go home after ward u can come crash at my house my mom is trhoughing abunch of blanks on the floor and telling us to make our own beds ... it will be great fun i want picture with everone...
0	a crumbling illusion is a frightening thing.   It frees some. It buries and suffocates others.  and the cruelest thing is, we never know which we shall be  the one riding to freedom or the one gasping for a breath. The one left living or the one  left on the floor dying. We never know which one is better living and breathing  or gasping and need air
1	Harvard and BU today.  I love Harvard far far too much for my own good.  Like, really love it.  I'm going to MIT tomorrow.  I'll see how that goes.  I saw Haley from afar, but he didn't see me, and even if he had seen me, I don't think he would have known my name anyway.  So it's probably best that he didn't see me.  Bob Fu has been at all the same places as me.  He was at Harvard with my this morning and BU this afternoon and he'll be at MIT at the same time as me tomorrow.  Oh, and he also got on the the same train car as me completely by chance.  Crazy!  Tonight we're eating dinner with some distant relatives that it seems we have in Boston.  I'll be my normal perky self.  Ooooh, that reminds me.  I've been having so much fun!  Talking to our tourguides, and just generally being the only person talking.  It's been fun!  I can't wait for college!
1	     TODAY MY WONDERFUL BEAUTIMOUS ASHES TURNS 18!!!  LET US ALL FROLIC AND DANCE ABOUT AND THROW CONFETTIE AND GLITTAH EVERYWHERE!!!!       i stopped by to visit the cows today, sweetie, and had                             yes.&nbsp; i really did stop and take piccies of cows this morning.&nbsp; just because.&nbsp; people like me shouldn't be allowed to have digital cameras.&nbsp; =)        I LOVE YOU MY SWEETEST ASHES!!!!!!!&nbsp;   HAPPY BIRTHDAY!  HOPE IT WAS GRANDE!!!!!!!!!      
1	The sun is finally out and boy all the hunks and babes are out at the beach once again....went with       jepungia         shayan   ,       furyflame   and some other frens to Sentosa and soon after Dave and Jackie came by with Labrador 8 mth old son Toby...  With his slobbering tongue and kind demeanor Toby was the star of the Palawan beach where everywhere we went, anyone regardless of age and gender would go ga-ga over and pat him and inadvertably start a conversation with the one holding on to the leash  "What's his name"..."How old is he?"..."He is soooo cute...."...I remember Jackie mentioned how he came to know this PLU neighbour living 5 floors above him when Toby came pouncing on him during one of those seeming innocuous morning walks...i am beginning to have new found respect for Jackie and his pet strategy!Ha ha...Overall a great day of sun, sea-air and sunny sights!
1	I want to send out a huge HAPPY BIRTHDAY to two very good friends:  Dog and my roomie/near brother Dave.  You guys are the best and I wish you all the happiness that life can offer you.   - Dreamer
0	I got a flat tire after work tonight, missed all but the last 10 minutes of  Blind Justice , and when my mom went to tape  American Idol  for me, she stuck the wrong tape in and all I got was snow.  Oh yeah, and my rim is fucked up, so when I get my tire fixed tomorrow, I have to get another one.  There goes my money for Boston.  My day sucked, and I'm sad.  I want to go somewhere and eat and watch tv and veg out.  With other people.  I'm lonely.    Crappy, crappy day.    *sigh*
0	Today, I hung out with Lisa, katie and Ashley after school. We all went to the Boys Lax game, which was thrilling. Not! And yes, we lost again. Lisa was getting on my nerves because she wanted to get dinner at Regina's and I did not want to see Jake. So I settled on driving there and parking outside while she ran in and of course as we're parked outside, guess who's walking to his car with pizza's to deliver! Just my luck. He went up to my window and pounded on the glass as he walked by and smiled and I just waved. This is stupid, jake. I know your still reading this. You make me sad and you said you never wanted to do that. Well, you failed then.
1	First there was  the teaser .  Then, just the other day, came the second trailer and, I am delighted to say,  here it is  as a high-res 50Mb Quicktime file.  Even better:  here's the new "Internet-only"  third  trailer , featuring Stephen Fry as The Book and even a little bit of Alan Rickman as the voice of Marvin.  Whaddya think!?  Edit: changed link for new trailer to point more directly to it, rather than just to UGO.com
0	We got Liz' new garb all done.  Considering where we started I'm impressed.  I'm not sure if it fits right - since I have no idea how it's suppose to fit.  I just found out that my favorite prof died.  He was too young.  It's Friday and perforce should be a good day.    Tomorrow is Saturday and should be a good day filled with good company.
0	Ok so the bottle of "S Guarro" is smooth, ill give it that. But I have to ask, does the "S" in "S Guarro" stand for suck? Spend your money on a good vodka and not this rum poser spirit. So im getting pretty buzzed already so that whole website update thingy might take a little longer than.........I thought!  : (   noooo! read only mode !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111111 1111111111111111111111111111oneoneoneone one!!!11111zorz
1	Jamie would be soo proud! I am listening to gte low! This time these girls are trying to kill me at the club! Nothing too much with me lately! I work aot and when i am not doing that i am with john or homework! soo yeah nothing exciting! Tonight i get to go to this concert with Godsmack, lil kim and NAS! not really too exciting Watson would have loved it! LOL! Tomorrow i am going to our opening Football game against Colgate and we are gonna ROCK!!!!!!!!!! Then during halftime Shaggy will be there! Yet again not too exciting but i have a backstage pass or some shit so i guess i get to meet him or get close hmmmmm i dont care too much! I hope lauren has an amazing time at home!! Zach LJ was really sweet YEAH FOR OCT 10th!! I am bringing people home with me! everyone should bring their roommates i wanna meet them! Ok i will be late on the tenth bc i have a ahuge BIO exam that friday EHHHHH!!!!!! but i will be home :)!!!!!!!!!! that made me excited to think bout it!!!!!
1	 Life is  great . =0)   Me.. single? Not anymore! =D  
1	Yay! The Calling will be playing at Summer Excess! I  have  to have tickets. Other than that, this is a pretty pointless post... I should be doing homework right now, but its only R.S. I have absolutely no idea why we have to study it, and take it for GCSE. Its nuts I tell you. Nuts!
1	Three cheers for MovableType!  My new journal is up until sometime later tonight at  http://68.0.179.5:81/~jesse/blog/ .  It has RSS syndication and all... but don't bother using it because it's going to be moving soon. I'll let you know the address and, hopefully, stop using LJ soon; but until then you can at least see what I'm moving towards.  Yay.
0	  lost.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   incredibly sad.......       friends are worthless but they were the only ones keepin me alive.....      now they r killin me      hmm wat to do? how to live? why do they do this to me, when im finally getting better?       &nbsp;     so i cut myself for the first time since i stopped which was 10 months ago. and it felt great havin the pain sumwhere else besides my heart. i might just do that stuff again.      dead.  
1	I just got an email from an old friend and ex roommate from like 13 years ago.&nbsp; She managed to track me down on the interweb somehow. She still lives in my hometown of Albany, NY. Talk about a blast from the past... nothing could have made my day more :)
1	*Watches the Episode 3 trailer* ZOMG! SWEET!  Starts with the shot of Luke walking out and looking at Tatooine's suns, and then we get Ben telling him all about how the Jedi were the guardians of peace in the Republic, with a slow montage of shots from episodes 1 and 2, with Lord Vaders breathing audible through it all.  Then... "Lord Vader?" "...Yes, Master?" "Rise."  And CUE THE IMPERIAL MARCH as Vader is slowly shown, with scenese from next may's finale interspersed, strapped to a table, in Full on Ass-kicking Armor.  Then the montage of Episode 3 scenese, including Mace Windu getting ready for a fight, Yoda pulling his lightsaber, and looking both pissed, and very worried, the DUEL, and WOOKIES!  Wookies fucking RULE!   'scuse me, I have to watch it again.  and make May get here faster.  Or Mei get here... or both. That would be nice. Mei in May.
0	oh fly... today has been very hard....I'm so tired... this morning I can't wake up...I didn't want wake me up...It was so beautiful...sleep..on my darling bed... but my dog liks my face and I had gone down from my bed and take it out for his journal.. at eight o'clock i had a Latin test...Sallustio...I hate him! after that one our of Fisic and two continuous hours of Filosophy...I risk to sleep...but good luck taked me live....fiu... now I'm here to write my day...  Yust a thought "Man is like Icarus...he can understand the danger but when he is in danger of death he could'n understand his fragility and impotence in front of Nature"                                               Sam
1	the pillar concert was SOOOOOOOO GOOD!!!!! they are AMAZING LIVE!!!!! this other band played that i thought was really good, they are called echocast, they are pretty dang good!! i like a lot!!!, and joy and jazmin and jodi went with me and christina!!!!! YAY!!!!!!! that was so fun to have them there, it was joy and jazmins first concert and it was mine and jodis first concert together, it was GRRRRRRREAT!!  pillar is so good!!! amazing concert!!!! and christina makes me smile:) she always does, because shes simply so wonderful:) and i love her dearly:) anyways, concert was AWESOME and YEAH!!!! -tyler-
0	 The  ONE DAY  I leave my cell phone at home by accident is the day he calls.  Twice.  So he's not in Tall 'Afar at all - he's in Al Kafik, and I have no idea if that's better or worse.  Gah.  I hate my life right now.
1	Today=awesome.  I had such a good time.  Heather, G and her parents and I all went to the States for the day to take care of some clothes shopping!  First we stopped at the Ponderosa Steak House for incredible buffet and then off to TJ MAXX and a little mall.  I ended up buying a pair of jeans, two shirts (one of which makes me feel like Emily Strange), a necklace, socks, a Roxy sweatshirt, and a cute green striped belt.  They were all pretty good deals too.  And everyone found stuff they loved which was great.   Georgia's also going to lend me this really nice dress that she bought in France to wear to the semi-formal at school on friday.  Oh no!  I'm running out of time to learn out Gaelic (sp?) chant!!! The engineers are going to beat me up... Tomorrow's my BBQ which I can't wait for.  It'll be nice to see everyone before I leave.  People better show up or I'm throwing a fit! Time for sleep meaning that I have to take these awesome jeans off..  boourns.  Goodnight!
0	I just found out     I missed Phil Collins in concert  farwell tour, he's not gonna do another one    dang it
0	coming home today.  got those mid term blues i think. ya know half way thro, just as far from the end as you are the begining and it feels like its never gunna end. think ia  just genrally lacking motivation and direction latley... just dont know where all this is going ya'know?! so yeah. gunna get on the next choo choo train outta hear and spend the weekend at home. this also involves missing my firends ann summers party and having to attempt to pull another sickie at work since my last effort was foiled. heheh.   anyways see ya soon x
0	Reprinted from the bulletin board out side of room P247:  Actual Student Comments About Their Professors On RateMyProfessors.com  15) Emotional scarring may fade away, but that big fat F on your transcript won't. 14) The movies he shows are so bad even he has to leave the room. 13) Miserable professor-I wish I could sum him up without foul language. 12) Instant amnesia walking inot this class. I swear he breathes sleeping gas. 11) BORING! But I learned there are 137 tiles on the seiling. 10)Not only is the book a better teacher, it also has a better personality. 9) Teaches well, invites questions and then insults you for 20 minutes. 8) I would like to dequeue her stack. 7) Not a very nice woman. I'd even go so far as to say she's frightening. 6) Very good course, because I only went to one class. 5) He will destroy you like an academic ninja. 4) Bring a pillow. 3) your pillow will need a pillow. 2) If I was tested on her family, I would have gotten an A. 1) She hates you already.
0	chest pains cold gusts of air  and the distance i feel, the tone of your voice i can't hear.  can't help but feeling small.
0	 I'm skurred ... what happens when a lesson learnt ain't enough to deter you from committing that same mistake??? I have to trust ... have to trust ... 
1	The first day of spring quarter went really well.  Both of my classes (PIC 10B and Syntax) are really nice and Chorale is going to be a lot of fun this time around (much more fun than last quarter).  Plus, the chamber singers get to do a Bach concert.  I found out that one of my finals got moved from June 16 to June 8.  So now, I'll be out of school on June 14!  Two more extra days to do whatever I want!  Unfortunately, I didn't get to meet up with Peter today.  He was leaving too early and his dad forgot his cell phone, so I had no way to contact him except through his car phone, which didn't really work.  Oh well, though.  I'll get to see him soon enough.  I still miss him, though...  Other than that, I've been watching an unhealthy amount of Scooby Doo.  I can't get enough of the old episodes for some darned reason.  Well, that's about it for now.  I'm really exhausted and need sleep.  Goodnight!
1	And now I am $150960 poorer  Note there is no decimal point in there.  Im about to eat some leftover chinese to fortify myself, then im girding my paintbrush and about to drive over and PAINT!!!!!!!!!!!
0	"She packed her bags last night pre-flight  Zero hour eight a.m.  And I'm gonna be high as a kite by then  I miss her so much, I miss my wife"                            --With respects to Sir Elton John's "Rocketman" (modified)  Well today is the big day, Jada is off to  Yaoi-Con 2004  and I'm here alone.  Its times like these that remind me how much apart of my life she has become, so much so that even a small separation like this (only 7-ish days) will seem like a lifetime, sappy I know but true.  On the other hand I wouldn't want her  not  to go as its something she has been looking forward to doing all year and pretty much was one of the few things that helped her get through her time of unemployment.  Besides, its one of the only times during the year when she can get together with the girls from  Harem House .  So I'll wait here for the stories and pictures and then be glad that I get to have Jada back for another 51 weeks.
1	Dearest,     At the coming of midnight, when the darkness falls and strained moonlight glimmers upon the fading vestiges of winter, I shall depart upon my destined journey.  Through the staunch cornfields of the midwest, down into the sassy confines of the South, I shall travel.  Along with my trusty companion, the love of my life, my Joey.  In order to assist those of impoverished condition, in a house building adventure.  Habitat for Humanity calls its followers.  And New Orleans, here I fucking come.  Jeah, WOOT WOOT, My Child.  Much Love and Utter Merriment.  --Meggy
0	My dad needs to stay dead.  And I'm very lucky there are no cold Killian's in this house.
0	Due to reasons beyond my control, I'll be losing the internet for quite a while. How long is "a while"? Let's find out.  Edit: Scratch that, internet's back much sooner than I thought. 
1	~taps fingers impatiently~ I should get my paid account sometime next week. /~dibscake will BE HERE.  I get the five dollars as of tomorrow, mail it off Saturday and then I GET IT.  Today, Stalker Boy asked for my phone number. Oo; And I GET TO TAKE THE SATS. ^______^ Cause I'm "gifted." and If i do well i get to go to duke university. ^_^ For an awardy thing.
1	me and sarah saw phantom of the opera. haha god damn it i wish my voice was fucking half as good as those singers. blah.  so basically my dad is flying out the weekend after my birthday. that weekend = hell. he will most likely drive me crazy. oh yeah so you know how my dad was "giving me" his car? turns out hes been telling my mom that hes only going to pay for half of the car...and leave the other half, insurance, and everything else for my mom to pay for. pretty sweet how hes still lying to me and saying hes going to give me his car, huh?  lacy came over the other night with sarah and we all chilled until 4 in the morning. :-)  oh shit i just remembered i left all this food in the oven ok thanks gotta go
1	Woohoo, I can't wait for the hockey game! Last night we won the game in an awesome way! It would have been awesome to see the goals, but we had fun just listening to it. Almost time to go to tonight's hockey game.
1	wow well its been amazing, ive seen more art and arcitexture  and churches than i've ever wanted to see and i miss my friends terribly so fortunatly i'm coming home in a few days june 30 i should arive at about 1030 in the air port yeah. i think  but yeah i'm homesick and such miss the group and all. as soon as i get home my aunt and uncle and cousin are going to be there so i get to spend time with thtme but i need to see everyone first. i hope everythign is alright at home and such i dont know whats been going on for like over half a month. ugh. i wonder how pride was, i missed it again. sigh. it looks like jessie and penny are at camp again. yeah hey to all my rockbrook hommies say i to everyone for me! well i have to fly in a day or two, so uhg its so uncomfortable, sigh oh well. i gtg toodles all
1	  ok well i was talking to a friend and i asked what he thought about me being a sports broadcaster and he said i seemed quiet! is that true? or am i a loud person? just wondering! lol hope yall have a good day! going to seattle tomorrow!      Luvs and hugs      ~!Jessie~!  
1	DYNASTY - NOUN, A POWERFUL GROUP THAT MAINTAINES RULE FOR A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF TIME.   that is all.               WOO!
0	I didn't realize this would bother me so much.=( Why can't I just find my special guy? Someone who will love me and only me. Will care for me and will be by my side no matter what. I just want to be happy too! Sometimes I wonder if I will ever have that.
0	people like to misinterpret things.  i dyed my hair back to it's original color last night. i've gotten a lot of negative feedback. my roommate saw it. and laughed when i told her it was my original color. i had to go break out old pictures of me. and she kept trying to tell me that i must've dyed my hair for those pictures because it doesn't look right since i have dark skin. but i don't know. i like it.     my new year's was really. really. good. "you owe me a whole week's worth" &lt;3  tyler and i took a couple good pictures at the wedding. i'll put them up later.  as long as i don't get in trouble for them.  (this is the part where i clear my throat and glare at guilty parties)  i love all of you. really, i do.
1	Today I felt tension at school, wanted to hit something just to get rid of it, but then the day got better and talked to some people I knew at school about whatever.  now I'm just getting homework done for wendsday.  Later today I get to go practice driving for my test, and I'll probley have to fix my moms or brothers computer problems, or just do work around the house.  It's gonna be fun oh yes.  But until all that happenens I'm gonna squeeze some fun in and enjoy myself and try to be carefree.
0	I have to admit i was mad yesterday, but as for today i'm just hurt and emotionly tired. I realize it was my fault for saying things that i should keep to myself. i feel like falling asleep, waking up when my life has been made for me, skewl would be over for me, i will have my life partner at my side, and lead a successful career.   I have come to learn many new things about me over these past months. I never realized how many issues i had till now. I am grateful that i now realize what they are and how to solve them. I understand that it will take time, for nothing is easy to change. I don't want to continue making the same mistakes i have made in the past, i want to learn from them and move on. Depression has been tapping at my chamber door for a while now, and i'm letting it in. I give up, i'm emotionally weak i now see that. Bottom line i want to go home, where ever that may be.
1	Wow, Gaara sure is looking mighty sexy now. Though not as sexy as Sakura in her new little outfit, my my. Our little girl is all grown up.  And I demand Lee action! Or an update, that'd be nice. Some Kiba thrown in would also rule. I'd ask for some Asuma, but that might be a little demanding.   And Sasuke.. whatever happened to my angsty little brat? I'm so curious!  /end short Naruto ramble
0	I miss my old friends, those who've moved away. My life seems dull and lifeless without them.  My fondest memories are fashioned around them.  Such is life.
0	I just got the proof that it would be better for me and especially for others when I'd disappear.   I'm even too stupid to cook some milk....
1	Wife : Pujariji mujhe apne pati ki lambi umr ke liye kaun sa vrath rakhna chahiye?  Pujariji : Maun Vrath!!
1	I'm not sure if this quite applies to synaesthesia, but I thought it was pretty interesting:  http://www.seeingwithsound.com/winv oice.htm 
1	Thought I'd just share two pics I uploaded because...well, I can.   Kate, Jenny, Sarah, Me, Jo, Christina and Emma, on the Crocky Trail and very muddy! I think this must be the earliest photo of any of my school friends I have. 1997 I guess.   Everyones favourite pic of me, this would be Helen and me, Leavers Day 2000 going for the Britney look.  Also I have two new icons, but I haven't logged out of Semagic (why did I want to write Summit there?) yet so it doesn't show the new names.
0	Well....what can I say...Dodgeball championship today against the seniors..and we lost.  We won the first three games, and then..I don't know what happened, I guess we thought we had it in the bag...and they came back with four straight wins. I wanted to beat them sooooo bad, because no one thought we had a chance against them.  We were so close.....
1	I'm actualy in a good mood for once, because seeing my friends @ U of M makes me happy. I have a lot to write about, but I need to do some of my homework, so I will write later.
0	  hmm this birthday has been the worst of them all! i wish iw as dead thats how awful its been      lets see ppl that call themselves my friends dont remember its my birthday(that hurts).      been an okay day. im living w/o cryingto breaking done any. i get home its great.      i get onlyn ppl start going off...my friend says im mean and a bitch n wont tell me why.       another friend says im a bitch for leading a guy on and for likin too many guyz wen i have only liked one. and he says his friend is better than the guy i luv(my first luv) (an indian guy).      so anyone else want to make my birthday worse call me and give it a shot caz i dun think it can get worse.      dont say u luv me because u rele dont care.      dont say u no me because you never took the time to.      dont say u can help me because u cant help sumone u dont no.      dont say u luv me because u never have.  
1	I was sick today... I got 100% on my permit test. As for other the weirdness going on, I'm over it, it's not worth freaking out over.
0	So after being a big fan of Alien 1 and 2 and Predator, I decided to go see Alien v Predator with Meg tonight.  OMG, this movie was a terrible piece of cinema from beginning to end.  I was laughing almost most of the movie.  They made predator all silly and friendly, had a sucky storyline, and all around badness.  And they tried to make it Alien esque, by not reveiling the aliens until like 30 minutes into the movie like the original.  But that's the silliest thing ever!  You are going there to see alien v predator, you already know what the aliens are like so there's no need for suspense.  If they would have taken out all the humans the movie still would've been a big improvement.  Arggggg, this movie made me realize why i don't like overdone sequels and i demand my money back!  Long live piracy, so these movies don't rake in lotsa money and confuse others to think it's good.  Utterly disappointed, Kat
1	   WOO!!!  Party! T'night! AHAHAHA cool... Hope 'Lys hasn't caught on.  uh...we've t'be down there at th'Leaky Cauldron for 'bout 8 or so. S'not a surprise party or nothin' but still, don't say t'her, aye? Me'n Mo're gonna go down with her for 8, so's your call as t'when y'want t'go. *nods*  Wooo, s'gonna be a Good Night! :D
1	  That made my day.....      Just hearing his voice....        Well tonight I'm not doing anything, besides the fact my&nbsp;Aunt Shelly and cousins&nbsp;might come over for dinner! Which is kinda nice cuz I miss my lil cousins!* lol.     &nbsp;I am going to work with my Gma tomorrow~ yah..$40 or more..lol Then tomorrow night I am hanging out with  ~!*♥ Mike ♥*!~  - Well, thats what is planned! I cant wait! I miss him... Its only been not even 2days yet since we hung out&nbsp;and I miss him..lol. Hes amazing!* Well Im sick of the rumors going around....Yesturday Kalie told me that Chad told her that everytime that me and Mike are together - hanging out - we bang. Just to clear&nbsp; that up..No we dont!!* And before anybody is gonna say shit they needa ask&nbsp;if what&nbsp;they are hearing or saying is true!  &nbsp;RuMoRs ArE eFfInG gAy!!!! ugh.... Well I'll prolly update later....peace....   
1	I GOT B  A B  ON AN EXAM  I GOT A B  OH MY GOD.  this is so awesome.
1	  You are Mammy. You are one tough cookie.  You are strong, loyal and can see right through any bull. You take great care in watching out for your loved ones and will do anything in your power to make them happy without compromising your position.       Which Character from 'Gone With The Wind' are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	Everything today, starting this morning, was absolutely wonderful and nothing short of fun.  Oh, except for finding a condom on the stairs at school. I found that very... hott, in a weird way.  Me and Tammie went shopping. Well, Tammie went shopping and now I'm more in debt than I was (if that was possible), but it was fun anyways. I bought this awesome dress and she bought this awesomer shirt. Both that we can't wear to anything less than a fancy shmancy party. So we're doing to rock our new articles of clothing after prom. Good excuse, eh?  I've decided I wanna dye my bangs one color, and leave everything else as is. Sort of like the girl on 'Life As We Know It'. Only.. I can't decide which color.  And oh yea, I love my boyfriend. Especially in a good mood. 
1	  Adie,  I got your owl! Um, obviously. I'M SO SORRY I DIDN'T MEET YOU IN THE CAULDRON LAST NIGHT! I meant to and then I ran out of time and I had a project due today and shit shit shit. ANYWAY. I'm sorry. I did want to meet you... er, still do. If you're still up for it. I hope you are.  Anyway, what about tomorrow? I don't want to put this off. We could meet at the Cauldron tomorrow morning - say, noon? - and I'd actually show up this time... does that sound alright? And then - whatever from there. I'm  really really ohgod so  excited to see you again.   Let me know if this is alright. Hope it is. Hope to see you tomorrow...  -Eve
0	I've been attending some lectures on the historical basis of Arthurian legend lately, as well as reading Le Morte de Arthur, De Brut, and some other romance and historical chronicles. I think I've found the most interesting, the mention of Carlion in Le Morte. Carlion, or "CaerLeon" is a Welsh town that scholars are trying to say is the original Camelot.   I'll spare you the historical details that I've found, but this one was interesting, did you know that the idea of the Round Table didn't come in until much later when the stories of King Arthur were translated in French for Henry II's wife? That was added in.  Anywho. I'm back to the library today to do a bit more research before work.
0	The divorce was final this afternoon.  As far as the press is concerned, we're still married.  None of that public drama for us or our children.  I still love her, in a way..how do you hate the mother of your children?  Everything is just so different, we grew apart.  I don't know what to do anymore.  We have a baby boy.  What will he think of his parents?  Madeline doesn't understand yet...what will she think?  I love them both so much and I only live about two blocks away from them.  Tea accepts it.  I feel so lost.
1	          secret_base is worn out.                Sleep when you're dead!  Whether it's emotionally or physically, you're exhausted.  Have you considered sleeping pills?  I took them when I had mono, and they made everything better.                  brought to you by  interim32 . wanna know your lj's moodring color?  enter your user name and hit the button. ( discussion thread )                                    Heh. How appropriate, although I'm not tired enough to be dead. Nope. Can't get rid of this girl that easily.  AND!!! THIS JUST IN. MANDY GOT THE ROBIN COMICS UP TO ISSUE 133 FOR MEEEEEE! AHHHHH~!
0	ugh. i wish i was nice...i'm not rude i swear, but sometimes i get shy/confused. ok. no one knows what i am talking about. whateva. :(  today was the third day of going to formal affairs to find a dress. i am inbetween two as of now. i think.  i dont know why i care. i dont have a date.   someone go to prom with me. please.  here are the requirements. &lt;3taller than me. &lt;3good fashion sense. &lt;3i dont shake my butt, so dont plan on shaking yours. &lt;3you have to slow dance with me. &lt;3hold me.  ok, thats all. if you think you meet the requirements. call me.
1	I just realized I'm a moron, and I feel good! Should I be worried? Why bother, wouldn't help anyway. I wonder if everybody else is a moron too? That would make for one hell of a social cirlce...
1	Have I said lately how much I love Billy? Hmm?  Well, I do.  And this weekend...oh...it's going to be so great!  Sean has Ally for the next couple of days and Billy surprised me with a trip away.  Not sure where we're going but he said to pack an overnight bag.  That's done and now I'm just waiting for him to get home.  Oh, this is exactly what the two of us needed!
0	so, anyways it is very important for me to remain calm and stress free! But, I swear people make it their personal goal to fuck with me and try to confuse me! I can not continue to try to solve problems when people are not telling me the whole story. I tell you I really got myself in it deep this time. Doesn't help that I am pregnant because it makes the emotions that you feel 10 times greater. I find myself going around and around in circles and I am just lost! Damn, i am trying so hard and I just never make the right decisions. I am just lost! I am just so tired...i have to go...i will update lata!
1	Man it has been a good weekend  Steelers won 12/15/04 www.espn.com  Rez4 is crazy awesome.  http://www.capcom.com/re4/   Some more crazy news    http://www.sltrib.com/nationworld/ci_25 24372    http://www.newarkadvocate.com/news/stor ies/20050115/localnews/1871658.html 
1	Hello all yuri fans! ^_^  LN Tora, the creator of Yaoiville.net, and I are working on a project together: Yuriville.net. ^_^ It's a self-uploading archive in the style of Yaoiville.net---the same general idea as FF.net, but with a narrower focus and less restrictions ;P---and we're looking for submissions! All yuri/shoujo-ai/femmeslash stories based on Japanese anime/manga/video game fandoms, as well as original works, are welcomed with open arms. We'd like the archive to get off to a good start, so please, if you have some yuri to submit, head over to  http://www.yuriville.net  and let's get the ball rolling! ^^ Also, please feel free to visit the following LJ communities: yuriville_fics (for announcements of newly posted fics to the site) and yuriville_news (for site news). :)  I also encourage you to pass the message along to any lists/communities/forums you think might be interested in this new site (with moderator permission, of course). ;P  Hope to see you there! ^_^  CW
0	well me and Brian are officially over.  the end of an era indeed  :'(  It started a year ago with no problem and it shall end with no problem.  I'm just sooo sad................
1	TODAY I AM 19 YEARS OLD!   I supposedly have alot planned for today but let's see if everything goes as planned. I hope everyone has a great day! Happy Birthday to me!
1	Mostly FF, and one fox who thinks the world is stupid. -Tell me what you take. -Share.  1.  2.  3.  4. Cid is so hot O_O         5.  6.  7.  8.  9.  10.  11.  12.  13.  14.  15.  16.  17.  18.  19.   20.  21.  22.  -lyrics in #22 from "Greensleeves"
0	I'm so sick of this.  So sick of being picked on, and constantly told that I'm a disappointment, and not good enough.  No, I'll never be good enough to meet their expectations.  I'm sick of being sick, and I'm tired of being tired and getting these headaches all the time, and then, on top of that,  just feeling completely worthless.  My mother has the nerve to tell me that I'm tough to love and then yells at me for having a sucky attitude when I try to defend myself.  And then, tonight, she comes down to pick on me some more, and not only that, my dad's joining in too.  Whatever.  I'm just not going to bother trying to impress them, anymore, because it's clearly not working.   So much for feeling like I matter.
1	of course now that i'm going out of town for a week, the weather is gorgeous.   anyway, tomorrow the andrea maxand band/experience/whatever you want to call us is embarking on our weeklong tour of the west coast. we'll be changing the lives of dive-bar patrons everywhere with our zany brand of high-voltage rock. i'm pretty excited! i still need to pack everything though and i have to fit a week's worth of clothes into one bag. this will be a challenge as i tend to overpack for everything. plus, i need to figure out what cd's to bring. i've already heard that there will be no shortage of hip hop, plus metallica's first album. so we're off to a pretty good start. i hope to be able to update this here journal with tales from the road too, so stay tuned! live vicariously through me, working stiffs!   oh, gotta go check the weather in arizona!  see you kids later.
1	       What Finding Nemo Character are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla   
1	We're at about T-minus 4 1/2 hours from the time we step on the stage.  The same mix of nervousness and excitement is on the menu right now (hehe bad restaurant pun ^_^ -=BLAMMED=-).  We might have had more trouble gettin rid of the tickets than last time, but we still have a decent amount of people comin to support us, including a decent amount of people who didn't come last time.  Anyone else can still come.  It's the Bloomfield Ave Cafe on Bloomfield Ave in Montclair.  Doors open @ 6, first band @ 7, King Chef @ 745.  Tickets are $10 at the door.
1	I'm rather dissapointed that more people didn't get pissed off at my last posting. I'll think of something with a little more clear of a message and put a little more work into it next time. I think I'll wait a while for that too.     Dashing Whims   One day of every year. Thoughts disipating in the snow.  Magic real, life is illusion.  Who's to say?  Lie and shed a tear.  Once you knew, but now you know.  Fantasy shattered with deep intrusion.  Over a day?  Conformity a fear.  Drink now the plot of it and sew.  The hanious joke spreads with diffusion.  Who will pay?
1	Happy birthday to me! Happy birthday to me! Happy birthday to me-ee!  Happy birthday to me!  YAYNESS!  It's my birthday!  On this day (and in about 10 min) in 1988, I WAS BORN!  I'M SWEET SIXTEEN! woot!  and i can not WAIT for my party on friday!!!  ~Laura
0	RIP Pope John Paul II   ...You will me missed by all.
1	yes, thats right, its time for Susan's annual halloween party!  this, the FINAL year it will be saturday, oct. 26th-&gt;thats NEXT SAT people!  be there!  as usual, costume is optional but always fun, and my rule of guests is that i have to know them and they have to know me, or they are really cute guys;)  and speaking of....  WANT AD: males, preferably buff and sexy, desperately needed to play the ritual chippendales this year!  cmon boys, show that body off!  only need black bowtie, cute boxers, and optional pants and white cuffs.  be too sexy for susan!
1	Everybody say hello to       rocknromuald   . You got it, he's the ONE.
1	Palm Springs Half Marathon pictures:   http://www.brightroom.com/view_user_eve nt.asp?EVENTID=7816&PWD=&BIB=1716   The first one I am next to one of the guys I always train with, Joe.   The last three are all by the finish line so thats why I look so tired (and shitty)since I had somehow PR'd at half distance by 10 minutes. :)
1	hahah i feel like writting in this journal.... oh well old memories!   How ya'll doing? im doing great...   hhehe its been forever since i wrote here..  Well im out peace my buddies!!
1	Today was a vast improvement upon yesterday's misfortune. I attended mass with Brittney and heard a good homily from my priest about John Paul II passing. For lunch, Brittney and I went to Jason's Deli and gorged upon amazing food. Around two o'clock we went to play practice and hammered out a very good run-through. The Joneses had some constructive criticism, but said overall that the show looked good. Tommorrow should be awesome as well, for then, we don our acting garb, and hit the stage under choreographed lights and with the aid of mics.  Oh yeah, I checked out Amon Amarth, that viking band that my comrade Mike Cook likes. They truly rock out with songs of Viking triumph. All who read this should take a look at their website: www.amonamarth.com. Good metal is in short supply. Set sail thy ship and reave foreign lands!
0	Thanks,       rainfae   , for bringing this sadness to my attention.   Look what Florida is up to now! 
1	Stock option check arrived today!  And there was much rejoicing.  And now to go deposit it and hit up Best Buy for a goodie or two.
1	hehe, I'm here at Ali's party. I'm too frickin scared to watch fear.com ;_; And too dumb to play basketball, I'm like the only one who's alone. hehe. Anyways, still fun. Soooo I went to RPM this morning/noon and ate lunch. Funny Shanghai food incident. Anyways, I went to visit the people at GameSquare. Weird how they still remember me...@@;; Played a few times KBM and DDR. Then went to watch the "fab four" in the lan shop. haha. 3x RO and 1x whatever =P Anyways, then remembered i gotta get a haircut, went and now I'm here, having fun, lol.
1	Mike took a picture of me jumping today, trying to click my heals together like a leprechaun.  I must find him a cord so he can upload it.  I don't know how great the quality will be, but I'm excited.   edit:  OMG, I just dumped out my bag to get my jump drive out, and I saw that my MP3 player was still on.  That means that it has been running since I left for lunch with Mike.  Thats over three hours.  I'm sure I have no battery left.  Crap crap crap.  Oh, an Mike - I eat slowly because I'm a TOTAL SLOB if I don't.  Sarah would kill me right now.  
0	  One of the worst feelings in the world is feeling defeated, and thinking there is nothing you can do about it. I feel that way right now. Sure is a good thing hot baths with candles and green tea can make everything better!  
1	well... bored now.... very bored..... I'm trying to get a nice gbook for my page, I have a yucky bravenet one and I wanna change it, but I suck with scripts :_; Oh, well. On the bright side, I got 3 more people in my web clique, so I'm happy ^^
0	well that was an experience  it was my granddads funeral today so as you can everyone is a bit stressed  now at home my family is arguing its really annoying that is why i want to go back to birmingham tomorrow but i know i will just end up in an arguement with lee. as at the moment he seems to be quite insensitive, then i not quite sure whether or not he has always been that way and i have been oblivious to it!
0	WEll, Valentines day sucked. I hate having the guy I like at a different school.  Right now there are two at my school that like me. They are both sort of odd...I don't know everything is weird right now. V-day sucks! I gotta go.  
1	well time for another update. this weekend was fun except my team lost in the championship by 6 points but it was a great season all and all. i got to hang out with some awesome people and see some awesome ice pilots hockey so what more could i ask for. our mens bball team has a game tonight at 8 oclock so i am pumped about that. i am so excited about going to jamaica and so many awesome people are going its going to rock. i am going to start my job at tuscon over this week so we will see how that goes. well i am done talking for now so byebye.
0	Don't believe in it.  If I did, I'd be worried sick about the status of my own soul, as I've done more'n my share of horrid things that should probably condemn me to burnin' in the pit.  There's no redemption for someone who's killed entire  towns  in the name of "just following orders", I don't think.  I'd rather believe there's nothin' at all, than know I'm fated to burn.   Peter Wisdom, X-men comicsverse  69 words  
1	         Your Love Style is Agape                     You are a caring, kind, and selfless partner.  Unsurprisingly, your love style is the most rare.  You are willing to sacrfice your world for your sweetie.  Except it doesn't really feel like sacrifice to you.  For you, nothing feels better than giving to the one you love.         What's Your Love Style?   
1	Ohmygod! Tori Amos is touring Australia for the first time in 11 years!! *orgasms*
1	So I install Firebird at work (I'm obsessed, shoot me), and am in the process of getting all the extensions working perfectly -- I install Deepest Sender, and with the main userpic at the top turned off, it looks completely inconspicuous!&nbsp; No longer will I have to write my entires in notepad and do a quick images-off paste to the LJ update screen!  I have nothing more to say; just had to gloat.  (but best of luck to our wire today)
1	Yay, I have a summer job in Angola!  No needing to go to Floridia for the summer! Staying in Villas!  Having bandwidth ( I BETTER HAVE THOSE T-1S STILL HERE OR OTHERWISE SOMEONE WILL HAVE PAIN ), relaxing in AC, this is the life....  Now I just need to buy a bicycle so I can go to work easily.
1	There was an old lady of Troy Who invented a new sort of joy: She sugared her quim And frosted the rim, And then had it sucked by a boy.
1	I've released him.  He got boring.  And here I thought he was going to stay more defiant... it only took two times for him to become absolutely submissive... and I only threatened Yuki a few  dozen  times...   Things are looking up, anyway...
1	  Wow, tonight is prom.&nbsp; I remember the time when i didnt even have a date.&nbsp; But now its all code Milkey White. HAHA. Anyway, it should be a good time, n then down to Wildwood till Saturday night.&nbsp; I have to drive home from Wildwood, with a hang over, at night.&nbsp; Wish me Luck.&nbsp; Goodbye if i die on the way home.&nbsp;        &nbsp;      &nbsp;     BO I   
0	As I find myself, staring at your picture again... loosing myself in your eyes from a fucking screen. Part of me is numb, the rest is raw. A blink brings me goosebumps but if I close my eyes, I feel as if you are here. Right now, I just want to hold you and never let go. I could never say it to you, but I was yours when I first saw your eyes from half a block away. The most beautfitul eyes lead to the most beautiful soul I'll never be able to truly know.   (this is shit... but it's all I can put into words at the moment)
1	AWA is just around the corner! Can't wait to see everyone again!  :up:
0	Isn't this weather lovely?  Grey, raining and depressing.  Yay spring!!
1	Had a great night last night. Carmillas needless to say. Many great people there. Finally met       icepick666    and then       ingenue    but had to rush off to dance to PM5K. Next time!! Also had to miss Bro Pierce's set to go and see       virul3nt   's gig at DV8 but twas was well worth it. Crystalline Effect seemed the most relaxed on stage that I've seen. Well done guys!! Several people congratulated me on my spanky new accusation of physically threatening Lynds too! BWAHA as if.  I was low, but not that low. Still.. victims  will  be victims. Thanks       neotokyo_    for that CD again!!!!- half of it was played at the clubby last night and your mix will be credited once setlists are up. XXX
1	Another quiz... cos I am totally off for 3 days  :P.....           Which flock do you follow?   this quiz was made by  alanna  
1	Sods Law took effect this morning. I nipped to the post office and missed the Parcel Force driver. He left a note telling me there's a parcel for me at the depot and I can either collect or rearrange delivery. I'm fairly certain it's the box from       wedschilde    :D  Steve's speculating on the contents of what's described as 'a verrrrrry long box'. He says it's an alligator (the non-leaping kind, because he still refuses to believe that alligators can leap :D) I'm refusing to speculate; if it is the box from Reece it could be absolutely anything :::grins:::  Apparently I've spent too much time in Chase and Marc's head. Last night Steve caught Halle chewing on one of the tree ornaments. He removed the toothmarked ornament from Halle's mouth and told her "if you eat Santa he won't come!"   In my head Marc grinned 'I don't know, it's always worked for me!"  I reckon it's time for me to step away from writing for a while :D                   86,206  / 80,000 (107.0%)       
1	Rodriguez, you are a god among men.  I bow before you in awe.  Anyways, the movie was awesome.  Frank Miller has good stories (all be it on the mature side) and I really enjoyed the movie.  I liked the main characters: Marv, Hartigan, and Dwight.  The silent Miho was awesome.  The movie was different than what I was expecting; I was expecting a lot more gun fights ala the Mariachi series.  There was quite a bit of (cool) brutal violence, and I did enjoy the scenes; it just wasn't what I was expecting.  Plot-wise, I didn't really know what to expect, I knew it'd be darker than the usual comic book, but I wasn't expecting some of the mature themes that were present, like the child molestation in Hartigan's story.  The visuals were very well done; I loved the whole style the film had.  I also liked the unusual way of how the characters narrated what they were thinking, it was very cool.  So, while it was different than what I was expecting, it was still good.  I want to see it again.
1	i got my tattoo today! its a rune on my right hip.  it looks just like a black lightning bolt, its SO cute!  i think i broke mary's fingers when i got it, it hurt!  but not too bad, definately worth it!  adrenaline rush, wwwooooooohhhhhoooooo!
0	I realize that Bush and Kerry have both been known to do stupid shit...   http://poststuff2.entensity.net/081 204/media.php?media=bush.wmv   BUT COME ON. Who wants THAT ruling for another 4 years? :(
1	*sigh* Brendan has called me a grand total of 4 times today. I answered the first time... oh well. You learn from mistakes! I got to go shopping and got a ton of new clothes and some really cute shoes! Tonite and tomorrow nite are my plays... 7:30 in the Auditorium!!!! I'm nervous and excited... time to get ready!
1	Birthday wishes going out to       megan_peta    and       danish_of_stiny   .  Hope you two have fun on your special day.   And, I would like to wish everyone on my flist a safe and happy Easter.  ^_^
1	Um sorry I haven't been updating, I just haven't been in the mood or the time for it. But here is one off the top of my head while I am in 7th hour.  "Eternally Bound"  (verse1) Eternally bound to this fate because of a small tap to a cricle that lies in front of me all around shatters as the world collapeses could it be over now? (chorus) Oh its over now, it is over, "you made this mistake by yourself" you told me once. Too late for that now no going back eternally bound to this fate. (verse2) The yellow box was red but you said- to go anyway So I put my foot down, I wouldn't stand for it anymore. (chorus) (bridge) A whole life times wasted in a moments time taken away by your impatience. No time to react I couldn't be saved anyway. (chorus) Eteranally bound to this fate (fades off)
0	I feel like crap. Now I'm pissed I can't go see Harry Potter. &%^$$!  Oh well...tommorrow. Heh new layout thanks to       pamelajoy   's tutorial for Componet. The banners not the best...but eh. It'll do for now.
1	Got a couple of bug reports in the forums. Keep them coming and perhaps, just perhaps, I will be able to make a stable release that doesn't spit core dumps all over the place :-)  Sometimes I really wish I did this project in a more high-level language.. While C is a beautiful and wonderful language, it sometimes can cause headaches and frustration...  I seriously need to do a in depth source scan to eliminate those bugs!
0	I am slowly realizing how much I miss Chris. Twice already I have picked up my phone with intent to call him...but alas I cannot.   I just wanted to tell him that the new band he wanted to know about 'alexisonfire'- their name is Alex is on Fire....not Alexis on Fire. He wasnt sure which one it was since their name is all one word.   sadness....
1	Merry Christmas everyone!  I hope you all have a wonderful and happy holiday time.    @ Mel.  Wassail!!  Merry Christmas, hon!!
1	The "success story" of Yona and I appeared on Frumster:  http://www.frumster.com/success/success 162.php  Pics are there also. I have such a wonderful wife! *HAPPY*
1	Ahhhh, just got back from DC.  Happy and tired.  Will give the full scoop tomorrow.  Night
1	Joey, Jon and I were walking around Fasion Valley mall today and I was looking at how nice all the normal people there were dressed. Heels, matching purses and hats, nice nails, nice hair - and I was thinking to myself - one day very soon I will be up to the stage in my life where I can fully and completely take of myself - and get my own apartment. Ive worked my ass off to make this much money at my age, and now.....its time for me to flurish in it and, god damnit, thats exactly what Im gonna do!
1	  THE BEACH TOMORROW WITH MY GIRLS!       &nbsp;     be back on sunday!   &lt;3333    
1	Today is a good day. My new friend geuinaly like me. I have discovered what a jerk that guy is that attracted to me will probably be kicked out of camp too. Bah, you may tell me i'm beatiful and cute, but as long as your mean to everyone else in the world, it will bother me a lot.  An online friend of mine came back after a few months of not being around. He is so cute and sweet. Although he has such low confidence in himself and it makes me feel sad. Gladly, he was still himself and that made me happy. It seems he moved to a new apartment, that's all.
1	Because I can wear my favorite skirt and sandals and not have stubble-goosebumps.  Because the water's warm enough to launch the little boat (next weekend).  Because the dogwoods are in full bloom, and it's almost azelea time.  Because my roses are leafing out.  (Ten years from now, I'll still be calling the parents all "How are my roses doing?"  And they'll be like "Don't you have your own yard now?")  Because mom's getting landscaping sone next week, which means BEDS FOR PLANTING PERENNIALS.  Because purple martins are building a nest in my neighbor's little birdie-apartment-on-a-pole thing, and singing like mad, and mockingbirds have NOTHING on a purple martin when it comes to singing.  Because in six weeks I'll be back in school.  Because if I'm cold in the house, all I have to do is open the windows.  ... and because LENT IS OVER and I can go back to church without feeling like a miserable rotten person.
1	 But not in a bad way.&nbsp; So I was checking out The Doors website tonight and I saw they had pictures up from the New Year's Eve concert, and guess who you can see in one of them!? Me! I was so excited, now you can all see what I was talking about and how close I was to Ray!!&nbsp;            (I am in the bottom right hand corner next to the speaker) 
1	Talent Show  Friday April 8,2005 In the BPAC...   Im pretty sure its @ 7
1	Why won't the sun come out? I need to tan for prom! I know I look weird without a tan. Oh man. For the past few days, all I've been thinking about is partying. I seriously need something else on my mind. Oh well. Going to a jazz bar tonight. Will collect some drawing references and get myself a nice smooth drink. Of warm water.  -koff-
1	i'm feeling better...YAY  you may be wondering why i daid YAY FOR YOGURT  well i went to the doctor and i didn't have strep but a throat virus and the perscription is cultured yogurt.  and it works!  YAY FOR YOGURT!!!!  i might go to matt's house tomarrow at 6  then i'd be able to check out the keyboard  i hope i can go
1	Happy Muesday.  We shall depart for London 10-something Muesday night, and arrive sometime mid-Muesday.  I love Muesday.
0	It's all over, and I never cheated once.   Looking back on that sentence, it pertains to both Sex and the City and midterms.  I'm going to New York next month. I'm nervous. I get more and more attached to that city every time I go. I'm scared about Barnard. Roar! I would be a little bit more relaxed knowing that I got in SOMEWHERE. I should have applied to a school with rolling admission for peace of mind. I didn't think that far ahead.   I never know what to say in this thing anymore. I suppose I'm just cranky so I think I'll go to bed.   Oh wait, I really think we need a movie night, a REAL one. I don't like what's been happening this year at all.
0	i might not be able to do STARS in the fall..... i hope i can work out my scheduling at work so im able to do it.  how hard can it be to work around.. STARS is only the first and third Tuesday of the month..starting in September.  i reeeallly want to keep doing STARS....*sigh* i guess we will have to see..
0	I wish I had more control over my brain, because I would really like to make it stop doing things that make me cry. I feel like a completely useless person, and not even in the I-have-work-to-do-but-I'm-not-doing-it way that I usually use the term. This is the I could sit in my room all day with the door shut and never leave except for class and it wouldn't matter to anyone but me kind of useless. It's the my-presence-is-unimportant kind of useless. I  know  it's not completely true. I have Michael and I know he loves me, but having a boyfriend doesn't mean I don't need my friends. I wish I didn't  need  people so much. I'm so sick of caring about people more than they care about me, and of needing people who would be perfectly okay if I never talked to them again. I thought it was different here for a while. Maybe it was. But I can't see that difference anymore.
0	"Though our life together was so short, I must leave now. Sad and forlorn, I am going To a fate ordained by these desperate times, By a road unmarked by any signs, To a mocking destiny All set to welcome me."            -Joseph Bau  Been reading one of the books I just got at Barnes & Nobles, about a bunch of Jews during world war 2. Joseph Bau was one who survived a concentration camp. It's very depressing to read about. Also kinda scary though some of the things the Nazis were doing is what people are starting to do in America such as abortion. So anyway I must get back to a rousing study of planets and such.  God bless you all!
0	hmmmm.... so ya.... im back to that feeling i had like two years ago.... my body hates me and i'm so out of it and upset that i puke.... its an awful feeling and i dunno how to make it go away....  everything seemes to be going wrong lately and i dunno wat i did to deserve any of it.... shit with my dad is rocky once again.... he wants me to be fake so he can be happy.... well thats bullshit.... hmmm wat else.... i seem to be the type of person that people string along and take advantage of... yep yep this keeps happening to me and i dunno how to stop it.... ya its great....  ya its great how almost every guy that has been in my life has fucked me over.... yep even my dad.... y do i even bother....    hmmm so ya im not really in the mood for typing anymore.... its been a wicked shitty week
0	so sick of nightmares. and my math teacher, who made me cry again. just like yesterday. my day was one prolonged anxiety attack. NEED sleep desperately. also need new alix olson album AND book, to stop listening to this song, and to curl up in kel's arms and cry.  would settle for just the last. quite happily, in fact.
1	  ~ Went me my mother to hosipital to get a notry, bad idea. She ran into all her old co-workers and we were there for over an hour.&nbsp; Though I did participate in the convo wn they starting talking about Sex In The City...lol. ~ Lunch, then Public. ~ Read a chapter in my Bio book. ~ Went to Calc 2 class ~ Came home, read some more bio. ~&nbsp; Went and laid down at the golf course and looked at the stars and conversed with Heather.&nbsp; We had some updating in our lives to do.   ~  Lol, that's funny, don't be jealous. &nbsp; ~ Holy shit, I saw 2 shooting stars and she saw 3, that was so exciting!! ~&nbsp; Friday is going to be fun! :) ~&nbsp; Cartoon time.  Goodnight 
0	All the snow around him's gone... It won't be long now.    Goodbye Bob 
0	How is everyone? I need to go back to the gym, I've gained the 7 lbs I lost + 3 lbs. I'm not happy with myself at all. My last bf works & practically lives at my gym that I'm in a 3 year contract. There is no Bally's closer or even remotely closer. I tried seeing if I could cancel & pay a fee but they said NO. I just have to get the courage and go, I'm paying for it (money wise & weight wise). It's just hard. I'm over him, but I don't want drama and I don't like being around people who've played with my head.  Anyone else feeling lousy?
0	Goodness now I quite succiently remember why I never, ever try on shorts. It's called the beauty of genetics, as the women in my family are known for having rather large, muscular legs, that just do not want to slim down. **shrugs** Think I'll just stick to permanently wearing pants.
1	Spent nearly the whole evening talking to       heraldez    today. He's such a sweetie! We talked lots about work, about motorbikes, about the Gallery at the FilmWorks in Manchester, about eBay, and about a few other things. Even had a three-way talk with myself, him and his brother. This was using Skype! In case you don't know, Skype is like a telephone provider, except it uses your internet connection and is free! So just hook up a microphone to your computer and download the software and away you go! My username on it is tungro. And the Skype site is  http://www.skype.com/   But that's detracting from what I mean to write about here. And that's the sweet squirrel :)  Heh, sorry to go on about it. I think we've got a really good friendship going now, and we do like each other. Can't wait to see him again at the Sheffield meet. Shall be good to give him a big hug, and also to give him his Christmas present! ^_^
1	Where do we go nobody knows  Don’t ever say you’re on your way down, when  God gave you style and gave you grace  And put a smile upon your face
0	Sitting here waiting for the pain to stop so I can get ready for work. I only get about 4 hours of sleep lately then I can't fall back. I am so frickin' tired. I went to emergency the other day with a blood glucose level of 500. I could not feel my left calf or foot. Since then I have my blood levels down but the pain in my feet is twice as bad as before.  I picked up a new pair of glasses yesterday and at first I was surprised. They are progressive lenses and I thought I would hate them, I actually like them. The problem is, now I think they screwed up on the distance script. My old ones are clearer. Also the reading part only gives me about a 1/4 of an inch of area to read through and I have to hold the book about 2 feet from my eyes. That just ain't right.  To top it all off my parakeet 'Peregrine Took" passed away the other night.  Yea 2005! Way to ring in the new year. Well, at least I didn't total my car... again.  ~dark
1	yahoo!&nbsp; just booked my flight to here:       for two days (may 11, 12) to visit  Jes       then to here:          for 2 days (may 13, 14) for  bunny 's  BACHELORETTE  party!! 
0	When it rains it pours eh?  I need a job so badly I've even begun to look into telemarketing. To top it off I'm really sick; my throat is killing me. I finally called the doctor and have an appointment later today.   And the most exciting new? My wallet was lost or stolen last night! Of course EVERYTHING was in there, I can’t even get money from the bank or get into a bar! I reported it to the police but I’m really out of hope.
1	 yay for running!&nbsp; i felt icky all day but now i feel like my normal self again.&nbsp; 3 miles tonight, 4 tomorrow, 9 on saturday and 4 on sunday.&nbsp; that should keep me busy.&nbsp; plus, it's my dearest       nona_sarah    's last weekend here, so we must do what PIC's do best and cause some mischief!!!!&nbsp;  
0	i realize that most girls in high school r to immature. just like john had said in lunch before. so im not gonna care about any of them only the ones that r my friends. cause i need to stop trying for a girlfriend and stop caring about getting one. i wont like any girl again if i dont know her cause, she could be a bitch like the last one i liked. i need to become friends, really good friends wit a girl before i can trust her. i just dont want to feel that pain again.
0	Can I just say.... ang ganda ng song na sinulat ni Karl.  HIT SINGLE NA ITO!!  Woohoo!!  I am so excited. :P  --  I'd hate to say that whenever I hear of a close friend leaving the country, I'm more sad for myself than happy for them.  Quite selfish, I know, but there you go.  And it seems that as time passes by, more and more people are leaving.  I all of a sudden regret not spending as much time with them as I could have, and it just seems silly because I COULD have been with them, it's just that I let all these other things get in the way.  *sigh*  No day but today nga talaga.  ---  and once again, this'll be short because I have to go work!  Hindi nauubos. :P
1	ummmm.... what's new with me that i haven't written about.....???  ummm.... i got a car... i have a new friend!!! her name is Jillian. she's cool. yeah...me and tiff arent friends anymore...(she's a BITCH!) hahahaha. AnYwAyS. i go hang out with freddy everyday during lunch. it's fun!
0	Today is the last day I will be in Stoke and I a sad mood.  We have been down here for a few days now and it has been really lovely.        tabatha_yeddap    looks after me very well and I have been getting on with both       pop_and_gib    extremely well.....especially Poppy who is very lovely.  But today we are going home and then at the weekend I am going to live with       xxsharmilaxx   .  I like her very much but it will be very strange not living in the house where I have been for the last 6 years and not seeing the same people.  I will miss       fruit_boy    very very much as I love him lots and lots.  I hope I will be able to see him regularly and maybe even visit my friends in Stoke occasionally but that remains to be seen.
1	Gah I am so excited about going to the sale, I haven't been able to sleep all night. I keep waking up wanting to go already. I went to bed at 2 and no joke, I woke up at 3 afraid I had slept in. I've woken up like 5 other times, and I just can't get back to sleep :D:D:D:D:D:D
0	A real important and inspirational friend of mine, one Cyber the Hare, is leaving to the Dominican Republic for nearly two years. And though I haven't talked to her in nearly two years as well, I didn't think I might get the chance to at least say good bye and wish her luck. I owe just about everything to Cy. She was the first online person I ever met, first friend, and helped introduce many of my other friends such as Quirk, Heather, Vic and countless others. Heck, she even had a major influential part in the creation of TC! And saying farewell, I can't help but feel depressed. I'll respect her decision and her idea of making the world better, though it's different from my idea of using a gun to do that, I only hope I'll be around long enough to chat with her once more. Damn, I'm gonna miss her.
1	This is from day one, around 7000-8000 ft.&nbsp; The vegetation started to thin out around 10,500 feet, and was mostly gone around 11,500-12,000 ft.   
1	*comes to a realisation*  I've been getting along really well with the grandchildren lately. As in, not just the ones that have names that begin with 'M'.  :D  *lights his pipe and puffs away happily*
1	In Ireland, Galway.  Dublin good, tour today good, hostel in Galway REALLY nice.  Only have two minutes left on internet (a euro for 15 minutes!...gah, hate paying for this).  I'm having a great time, and things are all going really well.  Miss you all.
1	well...i start my new job soon...it's either tomorrow or next monday. lol i went out and bought new clothes with my mom and my nana yesterday so i'm all set for the big day...i'm really quite nervous/excited about the whole thing. eep!!! haha so yeah. anywho, i'm kinda hoping that i don't start until next week, that way i'll have a week to completely focus on my homework, which would be a wonderful thing considering i have a 8 to 10 page paper due here pretty soon. and i have to do a presentation along with it...which shouldn't be too bad. i think i'm just gonna make a movie. anywho, i believe that's all for now...
0	I was kinda late for school today, i went from home about 12:15 and was trying to get to the class at 12:35. Anyway, as I was going into the "foresty" part of the way I saw a little toad lying belly up in the road. I lifted it up and tried to put it into the bushes, but the little guy just held on to my fingers... It was terrible to try to shove it off my fingers into the bush (i did it gently) when it seemed like he never wanted to let go... I ended up standing there 5 minutes trying to help the little guy.. When i left he was still struggling to "stand up"...  I feel like a bag of shit... = (
1	Hello everyone!  This is my first post.  I went to my favorite cemetery today and took some shots.  Let me know what you think.          This family caught my eye.  Follow this link to see it full size and read the headstones:   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 498/sarabara1006/Cemetery%20Photos/2005-0 3-13/892c88c8.jpg     This is one of my favorites...I have visited it often.    If you look closely at this, you can see it is from 1899.  Follow this link to see it full size:   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 498/sarabara1006/Cemetery%20Photos/2005-0 3-13/51f0b208.jpg     I really like the architectural details in these old ones.     
0	im tired of the way things have to be              your happy and i feel crappy        i thought you were my friend but in the end                 the only one to depend             is no longer someone who cares              i guess i mean nothing to you         you lie to my face say that you loved me         or that your were glad that you met me            i dont wanna see you or care what u do        i wanna hear the truth i wanna hear it from u                  and all that time             i guess it was all nothing
1	Well today was a very lovely day....after i watched my sister i went over Jess's house and took care of her because she was very sick....i am her little slave i guess...i dont care....aslong as i can love her always and forever.....My love!!!! i will love you till the ends of the earth!!!!........Anyway....we then watched RvB and some TV and then we went to the video store and rented movies.....we watched a kick ass movie called Homeroom.....its about a school shooting.....hmmmmm my favorite.....AHEM.....well we then finished the movie and i was brought home....i love how i get to spend all my time with my love....it makes me soooooo happy... well thats all.....i love you all..... &lt;3 John
0	came over to the the city to pick up zines to review and they werent even there!  then i thought ok i will make a cooool tape instead so i got the coolest tape ready man it was inepsy, infect, verbal abuse, infest, ill repute, and then i couldnt get the godamn tape deck to record anything man.  what a waste! of time! what a waste.
1	I just got back from my first concert a little while ago.  I just have to say that it was great... (all except for the first band that played...they needed a little work).  I got to see one of my favorite bands...yay :D   I went with my friend Shaun and his friend Rick, they are like major concert veterans...it was cool to go with people who've been to so many concerts.   Almost one week until I leave for PA..yay...that puts me days closer to NC :D  Later days...
1	We have a cake tasting in an hour!  We also have someone possibly interested in taking all the Beanie Babies!!  Sorry I haven't posted much lately, but I've been generally going insane.  I couldn't tell you where the last four months have gone.
1	:) i gonna miss you guys who regularly read my blog... My loved ones,friends... Pray for gd weather,a great time and closer relationship with God and campmates this time as we do our best to achieve Redcon 1 and be the best combat unit. Just some notes:-high chance i will get sick because of climate differences in Sg and TW.  So for now,i see its a sunny day and i will be heading down to ECP with the rest,see you guys in 3 week's time!!! Bye
1	Hey! In the library right now for debate. Not really doing anything. Trying to look productive.    I am so excited about the next few months. I have some really cool stuff coming up that should get me through till spring break... 4 more months till I am a senior.    Febuary 18-19- Palm Harbor in Orlando for Mu Alpha theta. Not going for the math b/c we all know we suck at it. We are going for the whole Orlando experience. Amanda Tracy and I will try not to cause to much trouble.  March 19-20- HOPEFULLY!!!! I will be going to Mardi Gras Nights at Universal Studios. Plus, I will be seeing Marc Broussard!!!!! Yeaz baby!!  March 24th- Maroon 5!!! OMG AMAZING! Sound Advice Amp. Amanda, Cathy, and I will be going. I promise, we won't become groupies....hmmmmmmm:)  March 26th-- MY BIRTHDAY bitches!  And hopefully, I will be seeing a Gavin DeGraw tour date up for April! I need my Gavin copncert!  This should be fun!  ~Stacey~
1	 The Shins  @ the Congress Theatre.  Thursday, April 14 at 6 PM.   YES!   And fucking TRAIL OF DEAD (this one I am definitely going to, no matter what.) Gang of Four. Built to Spill. The Decemberists. Autechre.
1	the darkness were AMAZING!!! that's all i can say.   for details [inquire within].
1	well im at dereks house right now and we are gettin ready to go to hte movies to see ring 2!!! im ganna be sooo skurred!!   well ill update agian later    ~*loves*~
1	Not that I need them, they're just... fun.        *HUGS* TOTAL!  give RozGregson more *HUGS*     Get hugs of your own   
0	    I wonder if they ever really loved each other?&lt;  
0	ever feel like a complete failure as a child?  like youve let your parents down so badly. not just by a signle random incident. b ut just by being you. by becomign what you are. of never blossoming into the ideal kid theyd envisioned.   its been sixteen years and i know i ahve caused them so much pain and suffering. ive been the nightmare child that movies are made of. sometimes i want to run upto them and hug them so tight and never let go. instead all i can do is conjure up another bitingly sarcastic remark about their pronunciation skills. i think its my way of telling them i love them but i get the feeling it isnt working.   i want to be loving. i want to be sweet and caring and tell them i would never let anybody hurt them.  but i cant.  cos theyd wonder what was wrong with me.  do you know how hard it is to pretend to be a cold hard bitch all the time?
1	i love to write...  lol. i wonder why i used to hate writing but now that i realized that retarded people can't write when it is their own language they speak...  no longer am i a retard   yay to be not retarded!
0	I cant believe this! Now is when PACE University from NYC accepts me!  Now I really wish I can go but its too short of notice.. They want me to be there on the 10th to take placement tests, but that's impossible for me.. =o(  OH, how I would like to go...  ....NYC. .... .... =o(  I guess I am stuck here!
0	Last night I participated in a great Mount Holyoke tradition. Dani, Molly, Erin, Eleanor, and I danced around Mary Lyon's grave in the hopes of getting good housing lottery numbers. It was great amounts of fun, although in the end generally anticlimactic. Too many people were trying to log on to the site at once, and we didn't end up getting to choose numbers until this morning.   Clearly, I did something wrong, as my dorm choosing number is so very bad that I refuse to repeat it. *sigh* Either that, or Mary Lyon hates my guts. Or, you know, the shitty luck of random number drawing.   At least I'm only in a group of two, and we're rising Juniors going for a double. Maybe for some inexplicable reason, everyone in my class will decide they want to live in Prospect and 18.   I have salved my wounded spirits with porn and comics, and am feeling a little bit better. At least it's sunny today. That's got to be worth something.
0	So, another night... Alone in front of the computer. Sad, I feel like noone cares or wants to care. I wanna do stuff, go out, bbq, chat, hang out... But noone will do that with me, so I'm stuck here. I don't like hanging out with myself. I don't like doing BBQ's with myself. I don't really care that much about chatting with myself... It tends to become dull after a while. Am I really that boring? Do I really suck that bad? Everyone has an excuse. Some are viable, some are just pure bs.   Anyway, I'm bored. And sad. This sucks.
1	Okay, so I'm doing the 'guess mah favourite character' meme again, but... modified. I thought it'd be amusing and fun to do it as 'guess my favourite pairing' instead. So yeah.  If you all will humour me? XD;  There is... a distinct amount of drawing based fandoms this time around. o.O;   1: Young Justice: Kon/Tim!  2: Impulse  3: The Flash: Wally/Bart  4: Robin  5: Spiderman: Peter/Harry. There is another valid answer for this... wonder if anyone can get it?   6: Outsiders: Roy/Dick  7: Ranma 1/2 8: Spyboy 9: Nightwing  10: Batgirl (this includes any of her appearances anywhere, not just her own personal series. This also means Cass Batgirl.): Cass/Kon  11: Pokemon  12: Digimon 01: Tai/Yamato   13: Digimon 02: Dai/Ken   14: House: House/Wilson   15: Speaker for the Dead/Xenocide/Children of the Mind by Orson Scott Card.: Miro-&gt;Ender (distinctly NOT two sided!) 
1	 My  Unitarian  Jihad Name  is:  Sister/Brother Machine Gun of Warm Humanitarianism .    Get yours .     The gods too are fond of a joke.     -Aristotle (384 BC - 322 BC)
0	I think birthdays are just to see how loved you are...I am very loved let see:  My boyfriend dumped me last week...My best friend porposed to me but I don't love him like that my parents keep kicking me out...I had to quit my job...to much bullshite...Zeppi when u read this s UI hope u do know you have made me trully miserable
0	You've been a faithful friend, and loyal pet. You will be missed. I just wish I could've seen you one last time. Sweet dreams.
1	I had it nicely type yesterday but it was all gone. Gone! I'm going to commit sacrilige and said this: "Idiot Firefox!" Closed down so suddenly. Argh!!  I'm late, very very late, but congratulation Takehito Inoue for the 100 million copies sold in Japan. Wohoo! He drew   six characters from Shohoku   to commemorate the event. Rukawa is  angsty , gah! And  Mitchy?  I think it's the neck.  I remember why I love this anime so so much. I laughed at Sakuragi's attic, literally rolling on the floor here. And yes, Miyagi? He kicked a mean Bruce Lee, that is also include Mitsui, who has the best character song ( I dare you not to sob when you listen to Sekai ga Owaru made wa). Akagi who's just a big softie, and whoever manage to control the team of kick-punch-failing test is an ok in my book (credit goes to Ayaka and Kogure to).   Rukawa Kaede? Still beautiful.
1	     I work nights now, so that I can watch Mister Rogers' Neighborhood in the afternoon on PBS. It always makes me feel good about myself as a person. Now isn't that what we all need?
1	  You are the color pink.  As a beautiful and sweet human, you are everybody's favorite person. Healthy and energetic, you're often seen spreading the happines.  As an unusually charming and sweet person, you're always ready to comfort people who are down.  You sympathize with everyone, but not always yourself.  Aside from that, you are light-hearted and cheery. And you make it your duty to make every cloud have       What color are you? (Amazingly detailed & accurate--with pics!)     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	Well, I  was  going to go to bed early. I finished walking the dog early, poured a nice, hot bath with chamomile and lavender and all that aromatherapy sleepy-sleepy stuff, and then decided that the perfect bath reading was ... the feynman lectures.  So I went to bed after midnight, with my head full of diffy Qs and sines and cosines and wave math.  The radio turned on at six, but I just nestled and listened to the news. They've been having a pledge drive (sorry, can't, gotta get a TI-89 this weekend) so there's been a dearth of news coverage this past week, leaving me unsatisfied with my 20 minutes of news each morning. I stayed in bed until well past the time I was supposed to get up, listening with one ear for news while the rest of me burrowed further and further into my nest of flannel and down.  But I'm up now, and I have to go. Today is physics homework day! Yay!  And tonight -- SUSHI!
1	   HOORAY FOR THREE DAYS OFF!!! HOORAY FOR THE HOLIDAY!!!!          Now, I hope that worked :)&nbsp;     This is just a shameless post to not forget my lil comment goal a few scrolls down...       COMMENT COMMENT COMMENT!!!!         oh yes, be sure to remember some good friends as well:            __infatuated              moonrosedreams               lightningflash          cuz they've decided to get comments too!!! SPREAD THE LOVE!!!!    
0	so i had a dream the other night and for some reason i can't get it out of my mind.  it's probably gonna sound ridiculous and childish, but oh well.  i was at home and hadn't been there for a while, and maytag was there.  i couldn't figure out why it seemed like it seemed so long since i had seen her, but it never occured to me.  i sat down and she came up to me and was acctually cuddly for an hour or so... i thought it was a little odd because she was never affectionate for more than five minutes at a time.  then it suddenly occured to me that i would never see her again, that she was trying to say goodbye.  i practically woke up crying.  i talked to my mom yesterday and told her about it, and she said that the night i had that dream was one year to the day of maytag's death.
1	   The scanty panty show is just startin.....my cock is cocked, lubed an loaded! I'd fuck Sting if he was wearin some lacy panties! All I can say is......if ya don't like babes in skimpy bras an panties....     Den YOU iz GAY !    unless of course you iz female.......dats cool with me.
0	I have been approached with important information about yesterday's quidditch match. Would the captains of both teams, Mr. Fred Weasley, Mr. George Weasley, Miss Angelina Johnson, and Miss Eloise Midgen please come to see me at your earliest convience? It is not necessary to see you all as a whole; individually is acceptable.  Thank you.
0	yesterday was my last official day with my 3rd graders.  it was a sad day.  i think that will be one of the hardest things about teaching...getting to know and love your kids and then they leave.  I did get some cool presents though.
0	Yeah so i was told that im going to residential.. dont know when yet.. im so pissed i cant stop cutting or crying.. i mean wtf should i do? im nervous.. paranoid.. i hyperventalated twice today.. im seriousely contemplating suicide cuz then its there problem not mine i mean i dont know what the fuck to do!
0	i sepnt the entire day looking forward to coming home. its not that i didnt like it there. its just boring after awhile i suppose. i like cassy more though now, shes really matured. but anyways, after that entire day i realized i want back in the car. anything to pass the time im not spending alone.
1	Was chatting with Tommy this afternoon....  "i've been rereading the lord of the rings... They are so stuffy, how can anyone get into them at all? i mean, 12 pages about what frodo has in his backpack...wtf? these books are the 1st printing of the series,i think...and my god..they're so fucking boring..."  Bwahahahaha!  So glad to know I'm not the only one who found LoTR to be an epic yawnfest....  Damn I love this man. :D
1	PoT 144 is out!!! YEAH!!! The night gets better and better!!! This gives me hope that i'll see 173-175 subbed as well ^_~
1	Hey Everyone! I leave for Belize tomorrow at 8am.  I just wanted to drop a note to say goodbye.  If for some reason I get kidnapped by savages or wild monkeys attack me, I give you all permission to have anything of mine that you'd like (other than the little money I own or my guitar).  I'll be back the 12th!
1	Michele sent me this URL that I thought was a serious "google"  but it was a april fools generate URL... damn funny!    http://www.mymsnsearch.com/results.a spx?q=Kevin+Spidel&FORM=3xrDt4c5dRXl 
1	So I went over to Chad's yesterday after work. We hung at his place for a little bit, Anthony showed me a new trick. Anyways, Kelsi came over then we all headed down to the pool tabl e to play a little. I did pretty good, I won 5 in a row then lost 3 in a row. I think I'm finally getting into the new stick. They all invited me out on the boat last night but I had to decline cause I needed to make a phone call and do my laundry and find my travel stuff. And when I got home, SURPRISE! All my laundry was done... woohoo! So All I had to do was gather it up, I'm almost ready for my trip now Wo0t! I get to stay at the swankiest hotel in town, the Motel 6! Only 3 blocks from the wallmart off the interstate. lol, wont be sleeping much anyways.    I am the little torilla boy, Come with me if you want to live!
0	Rehersal for drum major auds is on the 12th... gah.. I hope i make it.. auds are on the 18th of aprill  random picture that I love     ^^Emily Duda,Betsy, Me, Emily DeLeo, Katie and Elena (take a guess where we were)  I miss florida
1	As I was reading over my livejournal friends list, I keep seeing people getting stressed out and everything. I would like to offically welcome everyone to:   HEL... EXAM WEEKS   Everyone is gonna get stressed.  Everyone is gonna get cranky.   And everyone wants to kill stuff.  Let me just be the first to say that it'll all be over soon, and I hope everyone keeps their heads on for the duration of the break. And that no one goes and does something drastic while under this stress.  Best wishes to all that have to endure this week, and just think: When its all said and done, you're going to look back, realize how little stress there really is when you're living with a SO or alone, paying bills and working towards retirement.        TWO DOWN. TWO TO GO! TWO PAPERS LEFT BITCHES AND I AM FUCKING DONE MY EDUMACATION!!! I WILL BE FREE!!!   
0	 I  keep looking at the colors that she added to my life and seeing only her absence .   /// 
0	 I believe the running joke of the Future Ex-Wife came to an end last night, right around the time that it became apparent that I'm supposed to be some kind of errand boy.&nbsp; At least, that's the nice way to put it.  I might go so far as to say it was expected I be someone's bitch.&nbsp; Oh hell no.  Now, I'm the kind of person who doesn't mind doing nice things for people, help them out, when I can.&nbsp; There's the important part:&nbsp; WHEN I CAN.&nbsp; If I have something else going on, then it's me first, everything else can wait.  That, it seems, is an unacceptable point of view.&nbsp; It also seems that doing one nice thing a day isn't enough.&nbsp; Oh well.&nbsp; The line has to be drawn somewhere.  I'll just consider that bridge burnt to the ground.&nbsp; It was a good couple years.&nbsp; One-sided, but good.  
1	At each Dolpa, there is a raffle which you can participate in. Usually the prizes are limited dolls, but  This time  Tenshi no Sato overnight trip are also available for the raffle. Volks pays transportation expenses(only domestic transportation, I guess) and hotel charges, and winners can inspect Tenshi no Sato and their company during the trip. There will be a banquet for the winners, too. How cool! XD  I don't think I'm such a lucky person, but still wish I could win it. *crosses fingers*
1	Since i haven't updated in awhile, here i go...update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update update    that should keep you happy.
1	WOW!!!!! I almost forgot about my livejournal!!! how sad!  well here's just to say hello--i'll update more later!
0	i like someone...i hate myself tho...im too scared to tell him, i know i should but i'm like petrified...some one help me...im afraid that he wont like me back, im deathly afraid of rejection...i need more self asteem...
1	yeeep.. ordered a new boaaard.. the zero - bloody skull one, to be exact..  im excited.. if you dont believe me.. check the mood icon shits
1	Been chilling alot these past couple days. Today felt like the taxi driver. I had to pick everyone up, bring them places get them food the whole works. Went to my lil sis orientation. it is ridiculous the amount of 6th graders that have cell phones. Shit every kid was on them when i got there. dad left for cali yesterday so im hoping to get some sweet new shirts. no show tonight, chinese for dinner is not settling good in the tummy. sucks but there will be plenty more shows to come.  got new NBA streets 2 game, shit is off the chain.  play it or get the fuck out.
0	So, getting only 4 hours of sleep before presenting a speech at 8:00 in the morning is not a good idea.  Hopefully, my friend Mr. math will take my mind of the wicked coms 130 class.  ...... Acouple hours later and I feel better. I still have alot of shit to do. Read =&gt; Nap =&gt; study some more
1	YAY!!! I just found the music for the movie online!!!  It's sooooo good!!!!  I forgot to mention before, one of the voices is done by Patrick Stewart!!  I was so shocked when I heard his voice.  And I also found when the movie was first produced, 1984.  It's shocking how good the animation of the movie is for being 20 years old.  And yes, I know I'm obsessed with this movie :)
0	definitely, arent people just so cool when they smoke and drink and do drugs cuz i sure think so. i wish that everyone i knew would do drugs so that i could do them too, cuz it is so cool. OH WAIT no it isnt and it is ruining me, all the people that i know that do them and i am sorry that if u do them and you are reading this and getting offended cuz i am really not trying to make u mad. but i feel like crying cuz well not cuz of all of u guys (my friends) but more because of adam, yeah he is so young and it is just bad, and he thinks that i am so cool with it but everytime i think about it i just want to kick him in the nuts and so now i just pretend that he isnt there when he talks to me and all his friends know y i am mad but he doesnt cuz he is so retarded but whatever. thanks to cassy, cuz i talked to him about it and he is the nicest guy.
1	Oh My God... Petrovsky bought me flowers on Valentine's Day! They were beautiful- a huge bouquet of long-stemmed light pink roses and lillies. I mentioned offhand a few weeks back that I hated red roses and he remembered. I was in total shock when he walked into my apartment with them. I hadn't expected him to get me anything b/c we're not together or anything.     I know V-day is a stupid heteronormative commercially driven holiday... but I can't help but feel a little giddy that I got pretty flowers. Apparently the inner girl child has not yet been crushed completely by life.
1	 Naneth ?  What were you planning on doing about this engagement party?   So I can marry Amarie as soon as possible and don't feel the need to elope.  *silly grin*
0	Lonely, bored, nearly broke... haven't done anything this weekend, except clean my room... gotta go back to work tomorrow. I'm up to 40 hours a week now.  DAMN.
1	so school starts tomorrow.  its also my birthday.   me and allie arent taking ANY SHIT from anyone this year. start anything with us, you die. its that simple.  and to celebrate my last day of summer, im going to the olive garden with aly, then were meeting allie at the mall.  woot.  
0	Goodness now I quite succiently remember why I never, ever try on shorts. It's called the beauty of genetics, as the women in my family are known for having rather large, muscular legs, that just do not want to slim down. **shrugs** Think I'll just stick to permanently wearing pants.
1	I got into the University of Miami!!!!!!!!  Now I just have to hear from Illinois.
1	Hey everyone I am new but I do love the Hamm twins!! Well today, the Hamm twins and Blain Wilson came to my school and I got some awesome pictures! I met Paul and got a picture with him! *meaning meet I mean, it was like a quick hey, great job @ they olympics type thingy!* I cried when they cam out!! I was freaking out like a 10 year old does at a Britney Spears concert! But I got a picture with Paul Hamm!! AAAAAAAAAAAAA!!! I was soooo excited!! Oh they are so much hotter in person!! Paul is sooo cute! You just wanna give him a hug! His voice is so high and then Morgan is hot and you just wanna kiss him and Blain is a bad boy and u just wanna go ride his harley or something! lol! But I do love those Hamm twins! Come on... who doesn't?!?!?! And I also got an autograph from Paul, Morgan, and Blain Wilson!! WEll I must be off!!   *much luv* ~Laura  P.S. Aren't u not jelous! lol
0	k well tonite was sorta crazy went to przbyleks cause eliiot n doyle were chillin and we were gonna go party so went there then they left with nate and other people came and left till we met like 30 people up at wesco and i rode with jeff n ross up to some party in oakridge....well got there and stupid shit happends as usual when people just cant know when to keep their mouths shut so jeff n ross left me there prettty fuckin cool of them but o well so not much happend rest of the nite went back to jp's an mike was sleepin so i just left and went home....yea i really need to get the hell outta muskegon i just really have no reason to stay anymore so think im going to go to community college in pheonix and stay with some family down there till i getta job but gotta go find somethin to do think this is going to be a long nite
0	I just broke my Crow pewter figurine.  The head snapped right off.  Anyone have any ideas on possible salvage?
0	alright so im sitting here not being emo but bawling my eyes out. i dont know whats wrong with me. im just mad at sam and that stupid traffic cop that made me wait 10 minutes and my childrens book is such a disappointment and i hate it and my mom will too and i passed my SOL and im so sad. and i hate that thing on aim that tells you when people are typing because it gets screwed up and people arent really typing and i dont really care if they are and it just pisses me off. well im alright. sorry for giving you my bad teenage poetry. i am sorry.
1	awww, congratulations to misha for getting into  clark university ! :D i'm so proud. &hearts;
1	MY NAME IS ON THE GUEST LIST FOR A PARTY ON SUNDAY WITH BEN AFFLECK!!!!!!!!!  Rachel and I are going to this party because I have absolutely pissah connections.  I knew this boring job was good for something other than a regular paycheck.   shut up, you know you're jealous, especially since Dave Chappelle is going ot be there too.
0	aint much goin on just been to a few parties. its been like a month and ive been to more parties durin the summer than ive been to all school year. oh well im leavin in 4 days. maybe i can get a hookup over in a different state becuase michigan aint doin shit for me. well thats all ive got to say becuase work has been hell for the past week. im way overdue for this vaca.
0	 RIP, Mitch.   Dying is all the rage these days.  Love and Peace,  NTG   
0	i hate my stepmom for making me hate life. i hate her so much i can't even begin to explain. no one could even fathom how horrible she is. and how horrible it feels to have your own dad side against you about everything. it hurts so much. i always try to be happy, and for the most part it's usually easy. i don't allow myself to think about things that make me sad. but when i'm home it doesn't work as well. it's so painful that when i'm in the one place where i am supposed to feel safe and loved, i can't wait to leave.   i hate this feeling and i hate being sad so much. i hate crying. i hate not being happy. i hate that i love my dad so much and that i want so badly for him to care about what i feel. i hate even more that he won't.
1	confirmation went really well! elaine was and is beautiful! we went to lunch at stella mari's and i had a great time, thanks again galang family!  my parents are up at the lake for the trout derby and i am home and i love it especially having a car makes things so much easier!  i have a four day weekend, no school monday and tuesday! i am going to la on tues for an award ceremony! next week is also spring fever week so we get to wear flip-flops to school, so i am stoked!   my spring break trip to mexico city and oaxaca was super fun! i learned more spanish and i was in mexico city when the pope died. it was  interesting to see people from another culture react to the death. i saw the real tilma of juan diego at the basillica of our lady of guadalupe. very moving experience!  school is almost over: one and a half months left!
0	I hate trips down memory lane all they do is bring pain and sadness. I need a drink.
0	 What is the biggest lie you ever told? What were the consequences?   I’ve been living a lie for an awfully long time. My life is a lie. I’m a good liar. I’ve done it so long, and so often, that I’ve started believing my own lies. I can’t tell the fake me and the real me apart longer. They’ve merged. I’ve messed myself so badly up that I think I’ll never recover. And I felt like being truthful to others, and to myself, for once, and answer this properly.
1	I finish exams on the 25th of May at 5pm.  That's 19 days before my plane ticket home.  I can easily come home a week and a half sooner.  Well, I could theoretically get home two weeks sooner, but that would give me hardly any time to get to London and hang out with Miss Lisa.  Hmmm...  Maybe if I fly home on the first of June?  I can leave Aberdeen on the 26th, either in the morning and do an all-day bus or at night and do a night bus.  That will get me there for the 27th either way, which would give me five days in London if I left on the first.  And then I'd be home about two weeks earlier than planned.  Yay!  Of course, I was talking about considering doing a three day tour of Wales, but right at this moment I just want to get home.  I guess I can ponder over it for the week and talk things over with people and see how much I have left in my BoS account and whatnot.    So, yeah, yay for having exams right away!
1	Fluffy has an otouto-chan now.  I think I'm going to name him Hiyopiyo because he looked kinda lonely when I found him under my blankets after I woke up. Plus if his name is Hiyopiyo maybe Gakkie won't lamb-nap him like he did Fluffy back then because Hiyoshi-kun's scary and maybe he'll think twice before stealing something with Hiyoshi's name. I hope he wasn't there the whole time or I might have squished him just a bit when I rolled over.    He's so tiny and has the softest white fluff and an itty bitty collar where I can hang a name tag on him.        I think someone left Hiyopiyo on my bed but I don't know who because Torichu would have given him to me and so would Gakkie.  Atobe-san rarely gives out presents but when he does he gives them to us personally and Hiyoshi just doesn't like me so he couldn't have done it.   &gt;.&lt;  
0	i feel sick, i've done it again..... i've let myself get into another relationship where i'm being played!! this time it's my best friend who's "screwing" me over. what is it about my personality that make me go for and attract boys who want no commitment with me, only a casual sex partner??   i'm sick of it!!! i wish he would either BACK OFF all together, or stop playing with me.  it's time
1	 I entered into the zoobookes magazine contest and my picture is going to appaer in this up coming magazine of zoobooks!!!! If you would like to see my picture that&nbsp;I drew the web site is  www.zoobooks.com . Then click on humphrey's hideaway. The password is ratite. Then go to kids correspondence. The picture that I drew is picture 7 out of 42. 
1	Jess and Dan are awesome!  Yesterday they called me and brought me to the post office and the library to get tax forms, and today I saw them at the RHC Date Auction and they gave me a free extra tee shirt!  !
1	fred..im going..and i think im going to  miss  you! lol..hopefully you'll miss me too :'(...haha   anyways..going to deer isle kiddies..its melissa's birthday!!   friends from fort kent are going to be there..!!! yay!!! can't wait!!!!!  later childeren!  fred i miss you..most likely lol...
1	I HAVE A JOB! I start tuesday at  http://www.opusinteractive.net/ 
1	When I did a  google search for "gweeb" today , my website  http://www.gweeb.net  was the first result. I'm so pleased.
1	"something tells me this is going to make sense, something tells me it's going to take patience, something tells me that this will all work out in the end.."-relient K  will write more late, all i can say is that when one door closes, definately one mroe opens...
0	Today is my seventeenth birthday.  And as usual, I am unhappy.
0	well at the moment some of my cousins and family memebers are over here because my pawpaw died friday. this past week has been really hard anyway, and with him actually dying it got worse of course. i'm so happy hes in heaven now because thats so much better than here. i'm just selfish and want him to be here with me always. the funeral is tomorrow, sunday, and i have some of my friends coming so it will be very good to see them. i don't like breaking down in front of ppl but i know i will. it's just so hard. oh goodness i don't feel like talking about it anymore. i just wana thank everyone whos talked to me about things and prayed for me. i love ya'll more than you guys could imagine.  and i'm sure the view from heaven beats the hell out of mine here if we all believe in heaven maybe we can make it thur one more year down here
0	I'm hoping this isn't for real.  In the style of Dragon Ball we now get...           Nobody knows who I really am Maybe they just don't give a damn But if I ever need someone to come along I know you will follow me and keep me strong 
1	Well...in lieu of me not updating all week, here's what's new in my life.  ...absolutely nothing. Judging the Med/Isengard Debate on the Plaza, so I'll be doing that this week. Besides that, I just have to read some stuff and that's pretty much it. This was a pretty boring weekend with Zack going away...again.   However, I had an exciting revelation right now when I was talking with Lucas. For the first time since I was 5, I'll be able to watch the Thursday and Friday first round games of the NCAA Tournament! I'm so pumped about that! Woo hoo!! Speaking of College Basketball...we NEED to get FOX cable channels here at school. First I couldn't watch the 125s or 150s or whatever they are now because they were on FX and Duke was on FOX Sports Net tonight and I missed Redick's career high game. Dammit. We need these Fox networks.
1	hey guys. this saturday at 7 is brian's surpise birthday party. really want you to come. and be there!!!!  it will be beer, sushi, wings and Snatch. three of his favorite things! so i hope all of you can come. if you can, please try nd be there at 630!!  love   em
1	     Warning: May not be suitable for all ages/work.
1	Did a makeover at Laura Mercier on Tuesday and was given a GWP size Creme Brulee shower cream. And I'm in heaven! It smells sooooo great...warm creamy sugary scent. And since it's a shower creme, it leaves my skin supple and soft. The scent didn't last too long though. But I'm officially in love with this scent. I was thinking to order similar scented body lotion from the etailers but I think the shipping won't be too cheap might as well get the LM here. The Creme Brulee body souffle 12oz (US$55! yike!). Or the Christmas set of 3 including body souffle, scrub, and bath. 6oz each US$75. I don't have a bath tub at home. Will use it as shower creme instead...but need to transfer it to a bottle first.   Anyway, the scent is just divine...great for winter time. I'm sure I can sleep better with it on hahahaa. If I really buy it, it'll be the most expensive body stuffs I bought! Anyone try other LM scents?        
1	So I went to Mrs. B's house yesterday to turn in my paper. Because my sis came along, dem two ended up talking for who knows how long. Seriously, I wasn't wearing a watch. After clearing up the mixup with Turnitin.com it was safe to, well, turn it in for plagiarism. It turns out my whole paper is 100% plagiarized from this guy with the same name as me and the same topic and the...it's just a whole lot easier to say it's stupid. Tonight is Fake Cotillion (or Fotillion as many call it) which is da bomb. Still don't know what we're all doing. Let's wait for it shall we. (humming)
1	Christmas went really well. I got to see my parents and my sister and everything. I gave out the t-shirts I made everyone and that was cool. People gave me some really awesome stuff. I'm amazed! Even people I didn't think would give me stuff gave me stuff. It was a nice surprise. Fairy holidays are really fun.  We just did New Years. There were good fireworks. I think Lewis and Pikachu are becoming friends. I like Pikachu. He's fun. I hope I can tell what he's saying sometime soon.  We had a wake for Mister Patrakis at New Years too. At first I thought that the wake thing was really weird. We're supposed to be happy? But its to wish him to another life. That's pretty good and nice. And everyone has a party to celebrate his life. Thats cool.
1	Yes, you read me right, I'm an uncle today, pretty strange feeling. Exciting though...  Angie had a really long labor, so they eventually did a C Section on her.    Shea Rose Howa(?) February 12, 2005  
0	the scale will not budge. i don't know why. how can i do anything more? i just want to see the muscles i'm working so hard on. it's ten pounds, why won't my body let me have it? one month on this program and i am still right where i started. one month of perfect counting and heavy weights and no days off. right where i started. i am at a loss. this feeling of hopelessness makes me want to eat everything in sight, but i can't, because i live with the misguided hope that tomorrow my weight will magically drop. then i'll just spend another 3 months with 9 pounds to lose, or it will just go back up the next day. i want to hide in bed today. *sigh*
1	missed all you guys! finally back home like two days ago... hawaii was awesome.. and chelan was SO much freakin fun. i miss it alreADY! i still can't believe some of the stuff that happened..  but i have definitely learned some important stuff.. also... never go in a boat with nicole. hahahahah.  feels weird being back here after so long.. and school is already starting in like two weeks. ah. there is waaaay to much stuff going on already. oh well. this year is going to be freakin awesome regardless. ;)
1	Well tomorrowme and my family are going up to Michigan!!I am sooo excited! I will be spending time with my friends and Grandparents! That should be fun! We are only staying for two days but thats is cool. I have been really busy packing:( not fun!! So I gonna finish up! Love you all!!
1	ok, just a reminder:   THE SHOW IS TONIGHT.   If you're coming, go in through the west entrance of campus and tell the person there that you're there for an art show and they'll let you in. (there's no official gate or anything) The show is at PORTER COLLEGE and you can ask the guy there how to get there if you're confused.  All you do is go straight down that road until you come to a stop sign that has a bus stop on either side. I think there's 2 stops before that.  It's the next left that you can take.  Park anywhere, it's the weekend and they won't hassle you.  oh and btw, I lost my voice, so I kind of sound like Scarlet Johanson.
0	Awww.... the  grocery store just up the street  from me is closing :-(  *whine*  From the  UticaOD :   Katherine Gatley, left, checks out Betty Jones of Sleepy Hollow at Gillette's Food Market in Rome. The store will be closing this month after 45 years. Jones said she is not happy about the closing. It was convenient to her part of town, she said.   No shit it is convenient.  It's about 200 yards or so from where I live.  I mean, yeah, I'm looking forward to Price Chopper opening its new store sometime next spring... but still, there's something to be said about walking up to the roadside stand just past Gillette's, picking up a fresh picked half dozen ears of corn, then stopping in the store to get some fresh hamburgers, rolls, and butter for the corn.  *sigh*
1	is everybody coming to the fashion show tomorrow night? i fucking hope so. for those of you who don't know (or just don't listen to me) Fashion show/art show/band performance/the first time you will hear a dubcore song Wednesday April 14th at the reverb 8 pm are doors.  Bring friends meet wonderful people. only $10 (and well worth it) so everybody come. or else...
1	I finished "Aishiteruze Baby," which has had both hearts and stars in its episode titles.  I respect this.  I really enjoyed the show, though I don't know why.  It was quite episodic, but adorable, and the characters were fun.  Kokoro/Kippei is an awesome pairing, even if I think Kokoro has to spend most of her time thinking: a) My boyfriend is an idiot b) My boyfriend is a dork c) My boyfriend is a wonderful mother d) My boyfriend is somehow both more horny and more clueless than I am.  wtf. Mostly I think she just thinks wtf, though.  I really love Kokoro.  Actually, to borrow the last episode's title (minus the stars), I love everyone.  Except the many abusive parents.  The abusive sister is still good though, because she's hilarious, and it doesn't count when you're abusing Kippei.  Because he's Kippei.
0	"I'm not a nerd, Bart.  Nerds are smart." -Milhouse  Milhouse and I are one in the same.  I just failed my physics exam, it was very sad.  It was multiple choice so maybe I'll be incredibly lucky... I'm due for some good luck.  The fact of the matter is that I wanted a 3.5 (overall) this semester and now I'll be happy with anything over a 3.0.  Well, maybe not  happy .  This is quite the change from the 1.8 GPA heydays of high school.  Getting a 3.7 at Western has ruined me for expecting bad grades and being happy when I get slightly higher.  Damn, having hope is bad!  It only leads to disappointment.  Ah, whatever.      This day requires shaking an angry fist at God:    
1	Crybaby is such a good movie.  "you got it baby.  you got it raaaaw."  haha, ohhh man.   today was so nice out, I can't wait for school to be done with though.
1	hey all! sorry for not updating for a while... i'm just a big, lazy bastard! anyways...  went to Ibaraki yesterday with Lisa and our brother-in-law, Derek to see our nephew (derek's son) cuz it was his 2nd b-day! i ate ALOT of yakiniku (i'm so ashamed!). it was fun, Dre (my nephew) is SO big now. and speaks Japanese well too.   hmmm, on the 4th, all we did was watch the fireworks at Lisas job, since she had to work, and then we played pac-man fever...ADDICTED TO THAT GAME! i kinda suck at it though, i'm not much of a gamer.  other than that i've just been workin' and workin' out...  speakin of work, i have to go...to work...now...so...bye...i mean...ciao!
1	         You Are A Rowan Tree                     You are full of charm and cheer. You light up a room.  And while you crave attention, you do it without ego.  You are an interesting mix of contradictions - and very unpredictable.  You are both dependent and independent, calm and restless.  You are passionate, emotional, gregarious, and (at times) unforgiving.         What is Your Celtic Horoscope?      I'm a badger tree!
1	So, I am very sleepy right now, so this will be short....  I am very excited about tomorrow night!!!  I'm so ready to be baptized!!!  I was kind of nervous about it, but I finally told my aunt and she was like ok....  So, I just wish it were tomorrow night already!!!  On a side note, I'm not really complaining, but if I drink much more water I think I'll be swimming everywhere tomorrow.  I guess the water doesn't really bother me...the hourly bathroom trips are getting a bit annoying though.  Oh well, I'm doing it all for God!!!  I think that's all I got for now...YEA!!!  Night all!!!
1	yay for only one more day of school until vacation. i can't wait.
1	There are two dozen gorgeous red roses in a beautiful red glass vase on my dresser.  Black, grey, brown, white, grey, clear, yellow, green, ocher, red all come out of my nose.  There is a house on Thompson in the historic district that has two old hearses. Both have been decorated with flames, one in warm colors, the other in cool colors. I so want to meet these people.
1	01. Post a list of 10 TV shows you watch (current or cancelled!) 02. Have your friends list guess your favourite CHARACTER from each show 03. When guessed, tell us why you like that character  Thanks to rgmusashi! 1) Doctor Who 2) Red Dwarf 3) Sailor Moon 4) Keeping Up Apperances 5) The Red Green Show 6) Last of The Summer Wine 7) Are You Being Served? 8) The Vicar of Dibley 9) As Time Goes By 10) Cheers
1	   17 days until...         Vacation All I ever wanted Vacation Had to get away Vacation...         I haven't been this excited for Christmas in years! "Christmas, Christmas, time is near. Time for joy and time for cheer!"   
0	my gf had a fight with her bf yesterday. things seemed to get out of hand this time and she's real depressed.   she really scared me last night. she seemed so lost and in a daze. and she hurt herself. im angry and sad, and so helpless. it just broke my heart to see her like this. i know there are problems in her life but what i didn't know was the stress that she was under. she just broke down. and i feel so useless.
1	So I got my new driver's license... it's wierd. In a lot of ways this feels more like turning 21 than actually turning 21 did :) (tho atlantic city is fun).  Now I need to go out and buy booze and drink I guess :)  Andrew
1	Kimmy-gablah and I are taking ballet together! Yay!  I've already gotten my Japanese book and I've started studying. I was going to get my logic book today too, but it was crazy-expensive. I think I might not take logic because Kimmas mom thought it was hard and I'm going to be focussing on Japanese.  I'm going to try to over-enroll in abnormal psychology. It doesn't fill any of my requirements, I just really want to take it. And I may take English 1A if I drop logic. I think I might show up for logic a few times just to see what it's like, because I'm still interested even if it's way too hard with all my other classes.  And then I'm auditing Spanish because I was so busy last semester with my other classes that I didn't pay much attention. I really have no need to audit it, but for some reason that is beyond me, I really want to. I think it's the thrill of being able to translate things I never understood before.
0	  i am the outlaw torn: i am empty inside, i don't know where to go in life, i'd rather die behind the wheel      What Metallica Song are you     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	G and I went to the Cubs game today! I was so excited to go, and we had a great time. Gary got the tickets free from his work for doing such a good job- aww. I bought myself a Cubs shirt sporting my Cubs boyfriend's numbers (#34, Mr. Kerry Wood). I've been wanting a shirt for the past couple seasons so I decided fuck it! I just won't eat so much this week. Ha ha... sad but true... anyway, the Cubs won! And it was so nice to have a date with Gary. *heart!*
0	my car is totaled...      it just never gets better... sometimes i just don't want to be here anymore
0	I can say with quite certainty that the Mocha is one coffee drink that I feel should not be iced. Not exactly yuk, but I may have just as well gotta a latte. The chocolate should stick with the ice cream as it seeks for an accomplice.
0	Oh dear. I havethe tramping trip of DOOM starting tomorrow. tis the queen charlotte walk. one of the days is nine hours. but!...c'est la vie. what is really bothering me is that i shall not get to watch lost. and that both of my friends who i have asked to tape it went "I'll try, if i remember"(or something, in that vein). i am depressed. Talia will forget because she doesn't watch lost, and subconciously hates me for forgetting to give her the charmed tape (i am the queen, or at least a minor noble, of unfounded accusations). car will forget because she is morning the school of rock, and I have her charmed/lost tape.so that leaves-  Beau? can you please tape lost for me? or poke car until she remembers? pwetty please? 
1	Oh man, do we need a storm like this!      There's gonna be lots of rain and wind with this one tomorrow...guess our storm season just came a bit late, eh? lol:-)
1	Well, at least we won.  There was no killing before the game. Just       kirk_gibson    delivering a lecture, Tram kind of pacing around and interjecting 'be a team player' type clichés, and Munson sort of just humoring them.   I didn't have it last night, but at least we won. I'm unbeaten since the All-Star break. And my record is three whole games over .500 at 10-7, and really, I could have more wins had the bullpen not faltered a little. This is also my first ten win MLB season. I topped all my wins of last year and we still have. . . *thinks* six or seven more weeks of season to go. I'm excited.  And I really do believe we're still in it.      Daily BIble Quote:    "So do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will bring worries of its own. Today's trouble is enough for today."    - Matthew 6:34 (NRSV)
1	someone said to me this morning that people don't post in their blogs enough. i would therefore like to say  la la la,   and here are some pictures of my brother in poland that when you click on them enlarge in a hysterically funny way .
0	its one of those days...*tears=(* This is been a really long day...well had school...fuck it was long. Travis came in dinner time...thinkin we had gym...we didnt..lol!! Came home Hillary came up...adam brought us down to Fallons and we walked that so far of a ways to petley...lol!! Didnt do muich down there....i was cold so i sat down for like a hour.... it was really funny tho...i got some funny pics. I walked home...well half way home got picked up...went to nans came home and this is it. Gonna be a long nite....parents is gone to town and Adam is studyin again!! Anyways i'm gone cuz i really aint in a mood to write!! -Megan
1	To the day before we met...   Home for a week and No idea what to do with myself.. haha..  Well minus im getting a new car :) *big smile* And my hair did on wednesday :) hahah...   I had a bad dream last night.. me and steph got into another HUGE arguement :( but thank god it was just a dream...  We did get in a fight on st pat's day.. but thats done with....  Shannon you suck..  :P But i have a plan and im sticking to it!  Well i need to get ready and go tanning visit rick's market and see mike! get some newspaper ads and go car shopping !!!! wish me luck Bye byeee  And to think i was so happy to come home and see all of you... Fuck it.. Im over it.. and talking monica into coming back to Ptown w/ me this summer!!!! :):) hehe  &lt;3 Shanny  Wasted my time on you, and you aint never gonna change. -this song is so old. hahaha but awesome!!
1	       You scored as  Good Good . Good for you! You know how to kiss and hopefully you have a certain someone to experience a serge of happiness with. If not, it doesnt hurt to flirt kiss a little hehe. Just dont get carried away. Kissing is an art keep it up and youll be really good!       Good Good             75%       Hott damn!             69%       You um..Need some work             25%        How good do you kiss?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	Candles- 2000F Champange- 15000F Extra musicians- 10000F New Waistcoat- 240F Knowing nothing can go wrong with your ball- priceless.  In all seriousness, I have resolved this year to learn more about Opera. Perhap I may one day understand it, as well as run the theatre.
1	 I have  never  felt so sure about something....  not once.       &nbsp;     he's the type of guy that could look you  in ur .e.y.E.s. when yOu're knee deep in  tissues and yur fa C e looks like it's been  badly beaten and with all  H onesty he  still tells you ... you' R e noth I ng le S s than   ..((*`' b e a u t i f u L `'*))..         &nbsp;      &lt;3   
1	MERRY CHRISTMAS to those who celebrate.  HAPPY HOLIDAYS  to those who don't. May your days be filled with happiness :) 29 MINUTESSS!11!1! LYK OMG4H*~
0	I don't know why, but I feel so lonely sometimes. I often talk to my best friend Ashley, and she is always talking about how she talks to friends that she made on-line. I don't know why, but I want to do that. I really want to meet someone on-line and become friends with them. But, that can never happen. I am not lucky like that, I could never make a friend on-line. It just sucks. I feel so lonely and isolated, I know that I have good friends who love me, but that does not stop me from feeling sad. I don't know...I just want to make some new friends, but how can I do this? I have my own clique(If you will)at school, and it is only acceptable to hang out with the people in this group. Ahh..It just sucks so much.
0	for some reason i expect not so great things. for everything and everyone and sometimes i so let down it makes me pickup weapons of mass destruction and hide them in my cellar and the only reason they never come out is cause of that Big blackhole in there...  *btw that was a joke*  woo the loveliness of music! *got the radio working*  see things such as my mom's puter when is eating  it'self alive and i have to magically delisiously fix the MO-FO. so where is my happy ending .. where has all the cowboys gone oo onnnnnE!!! *Breaks outta reality *but i don't wanna be a security guard i wanna SING!!!!!!!  btw i'll be ok .. just waiting for that time space tequinox thingiewhere the candy coated B.S. is handed out and i get well...
1	    98% of this journal is friends only. This is because I want to know who reads my thoughts. If you add me I will add you back.. if you delete me I'll delete you. I generally don't worry about cleaning out friends list cos who cares how many people I have listed I love reading them all.  Thanks Krystal. xoxoxoxoxoxoxo 
1	lol. FINALLY my computer lets me take this quiz! Yay!              About Your LJ friends          LJ Username           Who is crazy      djcrazysgirl        Who wants to be you      misschanbongers        Who lives under your bed      havaheart               This   quiz   by   badgerwolfy   - Taken 9 Times.          New! Get Free  Daily Horoscopes  from Kwiz.Biz       
1	Its time for Kamel's Movie News!  So, check this out:        and then:        2005= Tim Burton Year!     Speaking of movies to come, I can now tell you that the next Pixar movie will be called  "Ratatouille" . Its the first movie to be owned entirely by Pixar and the first non Disney pixar movie. It is scheduled for release in November of 2006. The movie will be about a rat who lives in a restaurant in Paris. After "Ratatouille" Pixar will release  "Ray Gun"  in 2007.  Disney will be making "Toy Story 3" all on their own without Pixar and might have it ready for a direct to video release in 2005/2006 (Its going to suck.) Pixar refused to make another Toy Story sequel and this was one of the many reasons why they brrroke up with Disney.  And thats all for today.   discuss. 
0	 This  seems like a dream come true. I would never be able to afford this most likely, but a girl could dream. I'm ready to leave this part of me behind. It has been weighing me down for years holding me back from living life. That is all I have to say.
1	S'mise Kerri. I have always loved Celtic culture, though I've never taken the time to learn the history of the Celts (I know bits and pieces) and I've only learned a tiny bit of Scottish Gaelic, as demostrated above. I guess I really am a Celtophile. I love all things Irish, though I've been diggin' Scottish culture as well (Braveheart owns all, and I love Ewan McGreggor. But that's just the Hollywood Scottish lust talking. . .)  I'm so glad that I found this community! It's great to finally communicate with people who understand my love of the Celts. I am of Irish decent, but I'm more of a mutt than a pure-bread anything. Funny how I found this community on St. Patrick's Day. Oh, irony, how I love thee.  A little background: I'm a Psychology major (first year) at my local community college. As a contradiction to my heritage, I do not drink. Much. . .                       THINK GREEN!
0	i will never understand my heart cringes to think how far i can sink and it kills me  to piece together the memories that broke me into this wreckage my mind has shattered to uncertainty filled with the blank lies screaming with insecurity  with boundaries closing in defined of fault and sin i know nothing other than the present the past is too much the future is uncertain a dark secret that lies untouched  i'm slipping outside these lines once again
0	i'm sorry i'm such a bitch. i'm sorry i get in bad moods. if you dont like it, fuck off. do not push me.   i know what i'll do.  take a pill  calm down  not bitch anymore  not care anymore  not feel anymore  like you.  is that what you want?   i am so tired. of fighting, of trying. yeah sure, i'm a whiney little bitch and i cant handle anything, i'm afraid and wont face anything. i dont care what you think of me anymore. this is it. i want to be who i was, i think i used to be happier, when i was sad. strangly enough... it worked for me. no one was close enough to know or care, i could just write and occasionally bleed and always sleep and i would be ok. but not now. thats not how it is anymore. now i have to face things. life is changing and moving and i know that i need to face it. i dont want to.   i'm tired.   go away. everyone.
1	itz my birthday..! i got a cell phone.!.!.!... 919.1212.. this morning..i get to go to beverly hills and shop!! all day!!
1	So I'm leaving with a clean slate, which is the way I wanted it to be but quietly doubted it would ever be.  For the first time I'm taking comfort in the fact that some things are pre-ordained.  But that's enough about that.  I hope everyone has a fun vacation.  Cassie, if you got me sick I'm FedEx'ing a bloody horse head to your house.  Irena, thanks so much for taking care of Trinity.  And I'm sorry about making a big deal out of the coffee.  I just wanted to see people before I left.  I guess I watch too many of those movies where they die and they're all like, "I only wish I got to say goodbye before I got on that hijacked cruiseship that explodes if it goes below fifty-five miles per hour." Three freshmen came up to me today and said, "I hear your cat is real fat.  Can I see the picture on your phone?"   Uh. I'm finished. See you when I'm four shades darker.
1	I don't think I've ever done a rec before, though I've certainly benefited from them, but here's mine.           hackthis    writes  Entourage fic !!  It's brilliant and hot and perfectly in character, and it's fic for my new fun show.  Go, read, comment, become converted.  I personally have been dancing since I read it.
1	hmmmmmmmmm not much to say.. school is school.. is school... went bowling last night with.. sarah mary janette nicole won mi and zach.. i think that was everybody....and today was so boring.. i have hardly any homework.. just a practice test for physics and ..  AI IS IN...........3 DAYS! OMG.. i have to sew a ton.. and my dad is leaving wed for maine (yea.. my dad is leaving.. WOW!) and so i have to get him to start the fan and finish the metal peices for the forehead protector thingys.... tonite... and tomoro night.. or else my costumes wont be worth finishing.. &gt;.&lt; *sigh* so yea.. i dont even think hes home yet.. and hes always home before 5..... yea... so  thats about all i have to say.................  STEP MANIA NOW!
0	This whole graduation thing scares me.  And not in the cliche "OMG I AM GIONG OUTT INTO TEH REEL WORRLD!!1" sort of way.  I guess you don't realize how much someone means to you until you're faced with the prospect of going on without said person in your life, and you realize that if you ever left them behind, you'd be leaving a piece of yourself behind with them.  I fear distance.
0	I think I am getting rid of my LJ, what do you all think?  (\)athan
1	I don't think I could be happier right now I'm listening to Dave Matthews acoustic live and eating a veggie sausage patty I am the most calm right now.
1	Boo Bees ahaha why i laugh? annnnyways, post, post, post.... been workin a fair amount latetly...which is good...since i'm gonna be "out of work" for ten days in about 3 weeks agh! surgery! they better not circumsize me while i'm under...i mean...what? i'm a girl...or am i?  18 inches......around! i'm talkin tree stump! well, that's about all the happenings in the circus lately i tried to drive in the snow the other day to get a farfisa organ (that's another story in itself...buuut i'm too lazy to open that can of brazil nuts) but yeah, my tires are all bald and crappy and the minute i got on the road i was fishtailing like a...slippery....fish.... so i turned that bitch right around to stay put in the garage...so i have to make another attempt soon to get my grubby little hands on that organ!....kidney that is.... well kids, must go now and find a map to the branch i'm working at tomorrow...oh James Bay, when will you learn?
1	OY VA VOI!!!! i made a HUGE mistake!!!!  the are actually some people that DO love me!!!!  yaya! im sooo happy!!!! yay!!
1	STATE STATE STATE STATE STATE  today i got into STATE  ive come to realize that im lucky -i have the best friends in the world- MM-MA-CR-AS-LJ-KR- and i love you -i have the best boyfriend in the world-and i love him too haha -my FRIENDS have the best boyfriends in the world- mike-robbY- hahaha i love themm -im not failing out of school(just yet haha) -i saved up enough to go to puerto and now im covered  thank god.   STATE STATE STATE yah baby!  love u
0	I finally got my computer up and running... and I've remembered how shockingly useless it is...  -Mikey-
0	So, It's friday night, my parents are out of town and I'm sitting at home. I came home earlier tonight than I ever do when they are here. I went to Hiatt's tonight for his costume party, it was pretty fun. But I really had my hopes up for tonight and they got ruined. I guess I should have known better. I forgot to look at what the worse situation could be, instead I thought of how I wanted it to go. Always a bad idea, I always get let down that way. Anyway, since I don't want to be sitting at my house any longer feeling sorry for myself I'm going to go back out.  I hope my night gets better....
1	weekend=stupendous, ha.  fri. had some fun, sat. watched people have some fun, shimmy was stupid, ha lots of people were intoxicated..interesting.  suhail makes the awsomest drunk EVER no doubt   sun. went to depauw for an honors interview, spent the night in a dorm, that was fun, saw a sorority and frat..eww frats are disgusting.  sat in on some classes monday morning..college should be pretty sweet, except for the whole communal bathrooms thing ha.  then got home, and got into two more colleges, dad was happy so thats good..im finally getting my x-mas gift hopefully..!  i have no clue where i want to go now, depauw is up there i guess, beautiful campus but the whole greek thing gets me thinking, i guess ill have to ponder that for a while... got offered to go down to Maine to see Bowdoin all expenses paid, i guess they really want me to attend, ha we'll see.  can't wait for the weekend again..!
0	I miss *NSYNC  I miss caring about new pictures and new sightings. I miss wanting to tape them on tv. I miss enjoying the music more than occasionally.   They need to come back. I feel bad moving on to a new fandom. I still love them, but I care a lot less about the little things. Its weird. Part of growing up I guess.   So I just cling even more to the HP fandom. It's so weird having ALL HP icons. I've never not had atleast ONE *NSYNC icon. It's weird. But I love it. I just love the Potterverse so much. Gah.   Just felt the need to vent. Or whine. Whatever. lol. Go back to your regularly scheduled day.  I miss *NSYNC
0	ITS MY BIRTHDAY WEDNESDAY, COME TO TACHOS AT 5:30PM WEDNESDAY, SO BE THERE OR BE SQUARE! HAHA HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE, SPECIALLY AMBER, JESSIKA, AND KELSEY!
1	Cupid has me in a chokehold...  Fall out boy was so fucking amazing.  I wish muffin could have seen them with me, he would have been beyond happy, and i like that.
1	I shaved my head into a mowhawk yesterday and this morning I buzzed it completely down. That is all that is going on in my life currently.   Also: I just got well over a 100% on my Rock 'n' Roll Appreciation midterm so I'll be blacking out tonight. Don't try and give me extra credit questions involving Iron & Wine, The Postal Service, or the Shins Dr. M. It's childs play to me.  - PMC sits at a high A
0	blah. i dyed my hair back to dark brown today. i like it. i missed it.  went out with regan. watched saw. came home.  not a bad night, but i still manage to get myself depressed somehow. meh.
1	Yes, boys and girls, it's that time of the year again.  The one that celebrates the birth of that beloved individual, me.  Yup, it's my birthday today.  I've got plans, although my plans are: hang out with Tora.  Still that's a plan.  Now, let's examine my life, shall we.  I'm twenty years old, am deeply in love and have a plan for the future.  Well that's better than it was a year ago.
1	 Hey y'all just got my new haircut!       its sooooo different! can't wait  to show you guys on tuesday!, I'm also soooooooooooooooooooooo excited  for new york on thursday! hahaha I  luv n y tea shirts!! I'm going to buy like 10 of them because they are  going to be so cheap.     &nbsp;I dyed my new hair a darker colour like an expresso chocolate colour, its really nice     &nbsp;can't wait to show you               *MO* 
1	Not much to report as of late. Big developments in my life are as follows:  Lost another 3 pounds for a total of 10 in just under a month.  Got a 0.50 cent raise at work after only a week OTJ. Ate at Applebee's last night. Yummmmmmmm. Way too many eggs in the fridge. Bought myself a skirt. It's lavender, floor length and swirly. Drank some tea that was a mistake. Finally downloaded "One Night in Bangkok." XD  And! Finally, a photo of    She's so pwetty...    Other than that, life has been okay. I really like this job. I feel SO useful and appreciated. Plus, an abundance of free food.
1	I am so behind on reading everyone's entries.  I honestly don't know the last time I checked my Friends page.  That's one of the problems of not using a computer at home.  But, that may change soon since my roommate bought a new computer (and, boy, is it big), so his old one may move into the guest room for public use.  But, in the mean time, I wanted to share some fun news.  My friend, Amanda, is getting married in August and I'm going to be her maid of honor! :)  I've been in a few weddings, but this is my first stint at the MoH role.  Any suggestions from those of you out there who have done it before?  What am I supposed to do?  And, is it even possible to do a good job from 2000 miles away?! (she's in Denver, I'm in Boston)  And more good news....my nephew is engaged!  (Yes, you read that right, my  nephew )  Before you all get too confused, he's only 5 years younger than me.  Congratulations Frederic and Meghan!
1	Woo! So today was like, wow what a day lol. But it was all worth it, while on the way to Baltimore and then home Mike treated me to dinner at Cracker Barrell. Yeah, the anti-gay stuff, yeah, yeah, whatever, I've never had a bad time there even if I rarely go. Anyway, having such a nice dinner out with my hubby just totally made my day and now I'm so gonna fall asleep with a big smile hehe. I mean that literally, my new favourite cuddly pillow is a big round yellow smiley face hehe. :-P
1	Got my tax papers today. Turns out I get 1 Dkr.  Still, that means none of the 13.600 Maiken got will have to be earmarked for paying my stuff.
1	I had the most amazing time last night. Playoffs games are so much fun, and when your team slams the competition, it's so much the better. I love football, and that was the best game I've ever attended. Yay!  I will say it's astounding what happens when you give people beer and put them in a high energy situation. I think volatile personalities get angry or agitated, and mellow people just hang out. There were two gentlemen (I use that term loosely) yelling at some women behind them (and not in a very pleasant way). Her husband had to get security because they wouldn't stop, and security escorted them out of the building. Oh...and the volumes of drunk people on the train home; let's just say it was really loud.  It was fabulous. :-)
1	Tomorrow afternoon I have a color consultation&nbsp;at Merle Norman.&nbsp; I don't recall ever having one of these so I am pretty excited.&nbsp; The lady doing it is really cool with me being a transsexual too so even though I look like my boyish self, she uses my feminine name and feminine gender.
1	Rite. n.   1. The prescribed or customary form for conducting a religious or other solemn ceremony: the rite of baptism.    2. A ceremonial act or series of acts: fertility rites.    3. Rite The liturgy or practice of a branch of the Christian church.  Spring. n.    1. The season of the year, occurring between winter and summer, during which the weather becomes warmer and plants revive, extending in the Northern             Hemisphere from the vernal equinox to the summer solstice and popularly considered to comprise March, April, and May.    2. A time of growth and renewal.  Fun. n.    1. A source of enjoyment, amusement, or pleasure.    2. Enjoyment; amusement: have fun at the beach.    3. Playful, often noisy, activity.    See  Rites of Spring .  Tonight. n.     This night or the night of this day.     See  Rites of Spring .   Awesomeness that is Rhodes College?      See  Rites of Spring .  Will post pics once I have them!
1	         LJMeme.com Crush Meme           Number of crushes on me so far: 7            LJ username:          
0	A very sad thing happened this morning.  I didn't shut Sancho's birdcage properly last night, and this morning when Freya came into my room, she caught and killed him.  I'm heartbroken. My little buddy is gone, and it's my fault.
1	Well that was a major hangover I had! Teach me for drinking on an empty stomach! Spoke to the gurl about whether I was a pain and to apoligise - she said I was but it was okay.... mm confused.  Am peace marching tomorrow as a Steward - will try and get pic of me in gear - black combats, boots, hi visibility jacket and my number two first aid kit ( a sexy roll down bum bag type of thing!)  Not taking big kit in case I have to run towards or away from trouble... LOL!  Sooooo EXCITED!
1	 Psha! What a night. I went to the Jimmy Eat World (JEW) concert...and definitely had the time of my life. During Taking Back Sunday I found myself in the middle of a mosh pit. Awesome, other than the 40 sweaty crazy guys around me. Jimmy Eat World, of course, stole the show. Fantastic.     U of I is gonna be awesome. I can't wait to move into Allen, register for classes, join a soccer team (if I'm not too out of shape :), do grass-angels on the quad. hehe.     Well, I'm sweaty, smelly and very very tired. I'll see to a shower, then some sleep.     Here are some pics from England! Have a look-see.  
1	 SOMEONE NEEDS TO WRITE AQUA TEEN HUNGER FORCE SLASH! COMEDY GOLD PEOPLE! COMEDY GOLD!   I've been told I'm on the rag or I've just gotten of the rag. That means I'm a woman with an engorged clitoris. Anyway I've been in a great mood the past few days, and the last thing you want to do when I'm in a good mood is to pick a fight. I will egg you for my own shits and giggles.   ENGORGED!  I'M BORED!   Whoa. GoonCon is in New Orleans this year. I've been meaning to visit New Orleans...
1	I don't know if anyone but me is interested in this stuff, but I find it fascinating.   Studies show that farmyard animals have a range of emotions and a sharp intelligence    Chickens command an extraordinary degree of self-control over food. They are willing to delay gratification if they think a larger portion will be offered in due course.   Other research that threatens the longevity of the phrase 'headless chicken' found that the creatures boast a greater sense of spatial awareness than young children. In tests, chickens could learn tricks such as opening doors and navigating mazes with a speed usually the preserve of dogs and horses...     Go Chickens!  via  linkfilter 
0	im so sad. i dont even understand why ive been feeling so depressed recently. i mean my break was soo fun. i got to go hardcore shopping and spend time with my mom. i also had the lovely chance to spend some time with some of the gals, and we took pictures with santa too! and i got to go to the zoo with my big bro peter. how fun was that? actually i was pretty tired at the zoo and the less i had to walk, better. i missed seeing some of my other friends and i feel like the worst friend ever. but hey, thats what winter break is for! blah i cant wait. another 2 weeks of torture and hell. my finals start this friday but i feel like shooting myself now! okay enough of my complaints. im done for the night
0	When the boy who sat in front of you for years in church dies, you wake up hurting in weird places, like your hipbone. He smiled at me and his hands were warm and I always believed him.  They all blurred together, those boys. How do I know if I'm even greiving the right one.  "Maybe I'll marry him," I told Jessica. "You can't do that." "Why not?" "Because maybe I want to marry him."
1	busy tuesday... woke, went to gym, worked out w/o dq... he fell asleep :p went to class, had lunch with sara, went to work. called a bunch, and sent out alot of emails. Hopefully ill get my appointments :)  finished calling and whatnot, and went to fencing, took a lesson...was so tired afterwards...Leon beat me up! my wrists were sooooore, fun though, oh so much fun... now after every lesson he tells me to compete...so i figure i might as well. he said its 30% lessons...70%sparring in competition. so compete i must got done, went to uw...fell asleep on bus...tired... met up with v to "study" ended up talking alot, and having teriyaki...after that, salsa! we joined the advanced class, imediately after the beggining class! whoa...tough stuff, but so much fun! well do fine. we can both dance, and it will be even more fun since theres more dancing that night! got home...ate...took super nice shower...used new back scrubber...so good.
0	I've not written in a while. My grandfather passed away yesterday. So everyone just pray for me.       Some people just think that they are so much better then everyone else, when really there not. We haven't moved yet, but hopefully by this weekend we will be living in our new house.
0	Well its only less than 2 weeks left of school and for some reason i am depressed. I don't know everything is bothering me i don't want to be bothered but everything is making me upset. I mean the little things are bothering me too. I hope i get over this because its putting a damper on everything. I don't feel like crying but everything is getting to me. I just want to be left alone for some reason. I don't know i am going crazy.
0	tonight was one of the depressing nights ever that i had in a long ass time!! maybe things will get happy again who knows! i sure hope...
1	I am now officially registered to take my LSAT.  I am so nervous and excited!!!  I can't believe I am trying to get into Law School, its such a hard thing to do.  But I am really excited that I am taking this big step in my life and I thought I would share it with everyone here.
0	hmm...im tired...school sucked once again. my picture for art is rockin! im so excited i finally did some good artwork! ya soo...today i got a pair of capri's and a trench coat! woo! imma be sexy! yess...i found out some good news...which was over shadowed by the news that my parents and my brother got into such a big argument yesterday that my brother has to move. to anyone else this would probably be great news, but i idolize my brother and he is gonna be moving to lindsey. this really sucks. i have already got enough crap to deal with, now im losing part of my support. Xo Alyssa oX
0	So the filth pit that is yahoo messenger is getting worse. Yesterday I was randomly offered £800 to star in a 15 min porn film. £200 just for oral sex! I of course declined....I dont get outta bed  for anything less than a £1000 let alone fuck someone.  I'm now officially dole scum.....   "Ooh, it's half past nine. Time for men, men with jobs, to go to work. Other men stay in bed until dinnertime watching Tots TV, thinking about how worthless and pathetic they are! ... Good morning, jobseekers!"
1	Well today i've been sitting around not doing anything... i've felt like shit all day i hate being sick... my friend Germ came by to see me i have not seen him in forever. So we talked for a little bit oh yeah i just gave him my system out of my truck for free but it's all good it's time for a new one anyways and im fixing to get a new system for my truck in a few im just wait on g-ma to give me some money! For all of you that know me you know i have to have my truck beating. LOL. Oh so i think im about to leave so i can go get it put in. Then im gonig to come home and go to sleep so i can get up at 9 and call Tatiana. Oh im so inlove with her. Well i will post later.
1	Friends,  Please make welcome, a very old friend of mine.  She lives in Halifax but I have known her since I was five years old.  WOW - now that's a long time.  She has joined up, mostly to read my life, but will likely to be adding as she moves forward.   Welcome,       youngathart   .  I am sure you'll love it here!  ~R~
0	so i felt great whilst watching cool runnings and just after but its worn off and now i feel shit. the only option is to watch cool runnings over and over for the rest of my days
1	Winter Jam 2005 featuring NewSong, tobyMac, Tait, Rachael Lampa, Matthew West, Building 429, Chaos on Wheels.  Tickets only $10 at the door.   Concert details Date: 2/26/2005 Time: 6:00 PM Market: Norfolk, VA US Venue:  Constant Convocation Center 4320 Hampton Blvd Norfolk, VA 23529 US Venue Contact #: 757-683-4444    YAH KNOW I'LL BE THERE...RIGHT JEN????
0	Just saw 'A Chorus Line'. Ben was in it. It was really quite good. The orchestra made it even better. I find myself really into plays and musicals lately. I guess the stereotype is finally leaking into my system, but I've been really enjoying everything I've seen. I hugged ben after the show for a short moment and then left. Now I feel incredibly depressed...
1	So Eric is turning 3 on Saturday and we are having a party. It won't be anything exciting really, just him eating cake and running around. It's gonna be at Sara's house....thanks to her and her mom.......at 5pm on Sat. the 22nd.   That's it. bye
1	DON'T SMOKE POT....  ok so my day started out boring then as it went on it got much better...lets start w/waking up...i turn over and what do i see but my sister running and jumping at me and of course i jump out of my bed like a psycho...  fun times in AE & Victoria Secret:)  "hey look at this one" - JEN that was a classic in Kohl's...   JESSica & Lauren: good times, good times (def a good time)  sorry guys im wicked tired ill fill u in tomorrow when i dont just have a blurb in here....  what a way to end my wonderful night  sharpes95thrifle: the only girl i sing to for no reason at all, the only girl i go to meets and look forward to seeing who's not on my team, the only person i ever send cards for no reason at all, ask for advice to for everything, call when i'm drunk  sharpes95thrifle: yeah she's a pretty important girl
1	well we leave today for our senior trip. woohoo! im excited. i cant wait to go to 6 flags and cedar point. thats the reason im goin on the trip. i dont care much about all the other stuff...dave and busters should be fun tho...i love arcades...hopefully there's air hockey. i'll be back around sunday morningish.   anyways, i havent updated in like 2 days hehe, so what happened? lets see...yesterday i went wit mike to go get his tux for prom...he's gunna look sharp. its a black jacket with a red underthingy-ma-bob. its gunna look hott.   what else is new? nothin much. oh, i got news..i love julio lock! but to those who know me, they knew that already.   ok, well im gunna go. its really early in the mornin and i should go make sure everythin is packed. im gunna miss u! love , gina
0	aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!  *cries*  I didn't watch Lost last night, because I had to work, but I found out what happened this morning.  In other bad news, my modem got fried by lightning, so I can't use my computer, which has all my pictures, brushes, and whatnot on it.  At least not for a little bit.
0	Saw this recc'ed on       inkpuddle   's LJ, and just wanted to emphatically second it:&nbsp;  Mapmakers  by Casira.&nbsp; I'm in smitherines.&nbsp; Just so beautiful.&nbsp;
1	I really need to update more often. I dont have a whole lot of exciting things happen to me so I dont see a reason to. I shall strive to blather about the boredom that is my life more often^-^ I talked to my sister today during lunch and have started to make plans for her return trip. It is shaping up to be my first actual vacation. w00t! I have used my vacation time before, but I have never done anything, I am really excited about the chance to go down there and spend some quality Krissy-tina/Shaun time. Yay!
1	 Updater:  Jiin  she has hayylowww we real ahh-doooh her she has haayylowww can we tuch her  choose key self did heee   sing dance happy
1	Holy shit!  Mood turner!  I found out that Better Than Ezra is coming to Seattle for the first time in 6.5 fucking years.  Yay!!!  Details:   http://www.neumos.com/calendar/event.ph p?id=353   May 10th, 2005 @ 8PM at Neumos in Seattle.  So, I'm going.  For sure.   I need to know for certain if anyone wants to go with me as soon as possible, since I'm going to buy tickets early on so I can make sure I get a good seat (let alone one at all), so we can get tickets together.    Let me know.  ASAP.  Yes.
1	   See what Care Bear you are.   CASSI! you got me hooked on these things! hey babydolls (brad n maria!) cassi- call me. its important okie? brad- write me? email me for my home adress if you need it or get it from cassi. maria- holy crap! email me! i miss you tons!   my mom took me out of highschool im going to GED classes which is BULLSHIT i may add and then i start college in June. i graduate April 22.  and im getting a job (HOPEFULLY) at the local hot topic its coming soon and i have such a great chance of getting the job eee cross ya'lls fingers!!!!! gtg i love you all call me people!!!!!!
1	Me again, My sisters bat-mitvah is this weekend and I am hyped. It should rock. The DJ is in my living room watching me type this and talk to Michelle. I tried on my tux with my dad the other day. SOOO sweet!!! Be in awe of me and my rad, bad, dad. We be pimping.   
1	WoW, what a great christmas! Let's see,...from my parents and brother i got..money, cds, mittens, new hair straightner :), tickets to see a hockey game in fraser vs kalamazoo wings, 3 pairs of pj's.. and a bunch of other things. From the other side of the family, i got more money, clothes, and thats about it. Oh, and from my brothers girlfriend i got some loation/body stuff. We had dinner at my house this year (which my cousins are still over lol). So it has been a good day. I can't forget my new car either, lol. I get to start driving that sometime next week! It's so exciting!! Anyways,...i cant really talk right now since i still have family over so i'll talk more later. Bye.  Love Always,  *Emily*   ~~~MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!~~~
1	  Ohh I forgot that I got my report card today... did GREAT!       History -  94  Anatomy and Physiology -  93  Health -  97  Orchestra -  98  English -  93  Chemistry -  80&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(Yea thats like a 95 in Freeman's class so go me! haha) Geometry -  99   
1	I got dealt some weed today during photo class. we were hella incog, twas grand.       I'm leaving. Yay!
1	Just a quick FYI - Tabitha's photo session went great!  Pictures will be here in 3 weeks...and she's being used by the studio.  Her picture will most likely be hanging up there or used when they have a Pet Day to advertise at the store.     YEA TABBY!  I cannot wait to see her pics!  Sisters that want them will get a wallet sized copy of them!
0	 Spring Break is almost officially over, which means...            1)  Back to the grind: class, work, etc.      2)  Less sleep (and just when I was really beginning to like sleep again...)      3)  Less time with my boyfriend (due to crazy schedules during the week...at least  we'll still have the weekends)    4)  Less time to pleasure read      5)  Less nutritious food, lol           Translation:  This sucks.  How many days 'til summer? 
1	hey.... got up.... had schoool....it ws normal i guess. i should get used to normal days ill be having 177 more of them haha. yeah so after school i stuck around and saw the freshman soccer game. yeah jessica was in it and i never knew she was so good. shes liek fricken amazing. yeah but it sucks that they lost 2-1 but o well what can u do? i had a fun time. rhett and joey were there. yeah ne wayyyyyyy im going to hang with pj and reed again tonite soon. so yeah comment me.
1	So, today was Alan's Grad. Party and his recital beforehand, which was great. Everyone played really, really well :)  Hung out with Zak for most of the party and got the privaledge of seeing his perform his dance to Toxic yet again ... It never gets old ...  Got home at 5ish and helped my mom garden, fun.  Went over to Alan's again at like 9ish with a bunch of people for the game.  I think the final count at Alan's was 24, so close...  Game 1 of the NBA Finals; Lakers 75 ... Pistons 87  GO PISTONS!!  ALL THE WAY!!  Just got home like 20 minutes ago and I'm happy with the day.  Got the spend it with a ton of people that I truly love to be around.  P.S. I like a boy :)  I'm sure we can all figure out who too (no, it's not Phil, haha)  Adam just called me :) Happy.  Martin test tomorrow morning, 1st hour, kill me!! AHHH!! Night.  Love,  Megan  P.S. (again) Camp is in 7days, 16 hours, 33 minutes ... So soon ... :) *MLB*
1	Talk like a Pirate Day   Aaaaaar!   September 19!   Aaaar!   The purrfect day.... [JJ: You need to roll the rrs more]  [Neko: Leave my arse out of this]  [JJ: You really are $teve's cat aren't you?]   ...for the relaunch of strip  And yes, now $teve's found the master files, we can get started again...tomorrow.
1	Off for a long weekend tomorrow - group of us to a caravan in Hunstanton.   We thought it was Great Yarmouth, till Laura who booked it realised it wasn't. *blinks*  Back Monday night, got Tuesday off work too though so updates then. :o)
1	* hears music , snaps to attention*   Ai Elbereth!   ABBA!!!!    *grabs  Celly's hand  and runs down the hallway and through the kitchen to the Pantry Smial*
1	its funny, just the other dya i was thinking to myself that we here in Victoria havent had a good show come to town in some time. And poof! i get word that Pulley, Choke and Mad Caddies are playing Legends on Mar.05. Weird eh? Anywayz ... i'm stoked. Lates
1	well I am so excited!! In less than three months i well be out of my house and living with someone else... woo hoo!! I am excited and scared at the same time becuase i don't know how all of this is going to work out in the end i hope that they aren't mad at me for moving out but in a way i want them to see that they are partially the reason that im leaving oh well that is all for now bye bye
1	*wanders outside, wondering what to do with himself*  *wonders where Fin is*  *is strangely happy*  Hmmm.
1	Well, John Q Driveway has our number. Now we play the waiting game...   Ah, the waiting game sucks. Let's play Hungry Hungry Hippos!  *** Today, I got  Songs in the Key of Springfield , and  Go Simpsonic with the Simpsons  at a hock shop for $6 each. Mmmm, bargains...
1	haha nikki made this for me thanks nikki.  word of the day - JOHN ELWAY  Band Of the day - "the specials"  Person of the day - nikki because she is cool and she made this for me.
0	hey all its another snow day they are kinda getting on my nerve i hate shoveling but oh well i'll manage. today is tuesday agen and its boring and sucky already. *sigh* i wish i had someone to lend me their problems so i can forget mine.... but it seems like there will never be anyone like that so i dunno..
1	 What's left of the original peta.org site  is here, in all it's glory. For those that don't know, someone registered peta.org before PETA managed to, and threw up a site called People Eating Tasty Animals.  The hate mail is amusing.  The really sad part: Several months later, PETA registered ringlingbrothers.com and posted a site accusing the Ringling Brothers circus of mistreating their animals...doing exactly what they complained about happening to their own domain. Typical.
1	1.  1985... in my pants 2.  Addicted... in my pants 3.  All Nite (Don't Stop)... in my pants 4.  Almost... in my pants 5.  Always be my Baby... in my pants 6.  America, Fuck Yeah... in my pants 7.  Are you Happy Now?... in my pants 8.  At Last... in my pants 9.  Boys... in my pants 10.  Candy Shop... in my pants 11.  Don't be Cruel... in my pants 12.  Everything... in my pants 13.  Fell in Love with a Boy... in my pants 14.  Fuck and Run... in my pants 15.  Get Ur Freak On... in my pants 16.  Green Eyes... in my pants 17.  Alone... in my pants 18.  Hey Miss Hilton... in my pants 19.  Hot White Cum... in my pants 20.  I'll Be... in my pants 21.  I Eat Dinner... in my pants 22.  I'm a Slave 4 U... in my pants 23.  I'll take Care of You... in my pants 24.  I Saw Her Standing There... in my pants 25.  Numb... in my pants
0	im so upset like every one knos about my dilemma except the dilemma himself...whatever...i just wanna get this over with!  &lt;3 lauren
0	           Which Red vs. Blue Character are you?          Name         DOB         Favourite Color          You are...      Tex               This   Quiz   by   Atsumi   - Taken 1470 Times.          New! Get  Free Horoscopes  from Kwiz.Biz       
0	What does it mean to not know what you want? All these desires we have Do we know what they really mean? We have this whole heart full of dreams and aspirations So why cant we ever just let them go? Why are they trapped inside? And why does no one have the key? Hmm Pain one second, sorrow the next? Thats no way to live So how do you break free?  I feel like exploding!  What if we were able to say what was really on our minds? Like really really really? What if we didnt feel awful saying what we say? What if all the anger, pain, all that is negative in this place could just go away, back to the way things always were before? Wouldnt that be amazing! No guilt, just love and care! My little happy place huh?  Lets get my life back on track here... Cause I feel like my train is now in Santa Fe   "Let me go  And I just can't look  It's killing me  And taking control"  Boom
1	am registered. enrollment snafu(sp?) cleared up. read dv12. am ready to draw. am still passing econ class, unsure why, will not question.
0	still no news from any colleges.&nbsp; some people have already gotten acception letters (and rejection letters too, mind you)&nbsp; all the suspense is killing me!&nbsp; and i'm now oboe-less.&nbsp; some of the keys got bent because somebody and I'm not mentioning any names (TRAVIS PEARSON now aka Butterfingers) dropped it!&nbsp; now i have to wait a week until i get it back so i have to use the really horrible school oboe that plays out of tune.&nbsp; **cries** i miss my oboe.&nbsp; at least i still have my sax in one piece and when i get my oboe back i'm keeping both of my instruments locked up and heavily guarded with a high-tech security system (maybe i'll invest in the fingerprinting one)
1	I'd have to say that I'm very happy, especially for this time of year. Nothing specific happened, but I find myself feeling better than usual.  Oh, and I think I am moving at the end of the month. Figure it'll provide more freedom than living here. Also, there's more fun gadjets for me to play with.
0	Since there are obviously two Americas, can the president in my America be different than the red states' America?  I have no desire to visit any of those states and won't mind having my privileges of visiting them revoked.  No?  *Ponders how to immigrate to Canada*
1	OK... So the other 3 places we looked at ALL fell through... But the good news is, our offer on another house that is FAR better than the other 3 has been accepted!  You can see photos of the new house (should you be so interested) at www.steeleriver.com/tiffany  Of course, it's not really "my style" of home, but it's a great investment property! :)  *does a happy dance*  Now, we'll only be homeless for a few weeks (haha, hopefully we'll close the new house early).
0	I'm angry. I'M ANGRY! Just today I knew that next Monday my BESTFRIEND will get marry with his girlfriend but..he hasn't told it to anyone! So..I can't understand. I have to suppose two case: 1)He doesn't care at all about us (his friends) 2)He doesn't care at all his marriage.  I'm angry, I'm terribly angry and sad.  I bought  Real .  Takehiko Inoue  is my favourite mangaka.
1	Yes.  Cable TV is accessible via my computer.  It's a wonderful thing.    Spring break should be renamed Sleep break.  The reason should be obvious.  I was going to go to work today, really I was, but I guess I liked my bed more.  So much for carpe diem--I could've gone to see a parade, maybe, but it wouldn't have been too amusing being there by myself.  There's work to be done around here, too.  So yeah...so far, this holiday's been  a pretty stay-cozy-at-home day.  Oh yeah, Happy St. Patrick's Day.   And St. Joseph's Day is on Saturday.  That means tasty Italian pastries!  Yay!!  I like the cream-filled ones with the fake cherries on top that are big and good and yum.  I wish I could remember their names.  I should take another shot at productivity now.     Oh yes, and Phantom Brave is an enjoyable game.  Nippon Ichi Software does fun things for you and your brain, oh yes they do!    My thoughts bounce everywhere.  This is why I have trouble with essays.  Life is good.
1	       Catty   Margo   Cory     we hung out and watched this all day--breast reductions haha                       nice house Jessie
1	kitty likes polo! dave's gettin a haircut! we're moving on saturday! easter is sunday! i finished my personal statement! its humpday!
1	I am going to Florida for Spring Break!  I shall camp and look at wildlife.  I'll be back Easter Sunday!
1	i am so fucking excited for   http://www.focusfeatures.com/viewer.p hp?f=the_motorcycle_diaries&c=trailer&ext=mov&w=480&h=270   and    http://www.apple.com/trailers/fox_searc hlight/i_heart_huckabees/large.html   and you should be too.  also, the redstone bit is going really well.  people are getting excited.  as am i.
1	We're going to BRUSSELS onna TRAIN in JUNE! *highly chuffed* I like going places.
1	I think I finally get what Willow always told me about getting addicted to magic.  I kind of felt like I've been missing something since the voodoo spell was broken.  Oh well...    I keep rolling over on my eyebrow piercing in the middle of the night and it hurts!  Anyway, Astrid and I are heading off to this beach party, so I'm cutting this short.  The beach!  I'm so excited!
0	[secured post] omg i am such a jerk i totally missed j.l.'s birthday.  :/  where wuz i u ask well i wuz out having my own little private pity party yay isn't this great. maybe it is better that i missed it.  u see after i wrote that other thing i went and talk to l.j. i wuz so excited but fuck fuck fuck   l.j. and j.l. are i mean they are fucking i mean it is more than that l.j. said  ha ha ha jokes on me i guess n e wayz i suppose next time i see j.l. i'll apologize and try and think of something to get him 2 make up for missing  his bday u know  i am gonna find l.l. i need candy so bad
1	critical mass + tons of whistles = best.thing.EVER!
0	today I was feeling invisible to the whole world. Yesterday I was happy, know I cant stop feeling depressed, I'm not crying, but I am feeling down, and a little suicidal, I haven't been feeling that way since I found out that the guy that I like, likes me. But Out of the blue I am feeling down.
1	Happy birthday to me.  You guys are amazing and sweet.  Thank you for making my birthday AWESOME!  I got a cell phone, so if you want to talk to me call 796-4030.  My parents also got me a pretty ring : ) yay!    So this was my GO ME birthday post.  But it should be GO YOU, becuase a lot of people remembered and birthday hugs rock!  Meadows is this weekend YESH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  SO CLOSE!!!!!!!
0	I had a conversation with Steve today, in which he said: "Nevermind, ey? We'll be home soon."  Sadly, it's the truth. He feels that Durham is his home, as do I now. Philip physically hates me, he keeps trying to injure me and he spends all his time insulting me. Of course my parents both side with him, as I've not been here for a while, and as such they've grown more attached to him and less me. The house here has changed since I went to Durham; it's no longer my home, but a strange house in which I have a room. (Even my room was changed)  I miss my friends, online and off. I miss Mewwie, Thornner, Kamatz, Black... I miss room 318, my room, where I could do as I liked. I miss REAL conversations with intelligent people (again, online and off)  I just want to go home.
0	Hey everyone. I called home earlier, and found that my parents had already gotten rid of the puppy. they gave her to the other family bidding on her. My mom said they just couldn't get a puppy now, and that it was too soon after half-pint. those are certainly valid points, and it's better she go to a home that can care for her properly. but still, I feel awfully shitty about it. Why didn't they think about that before we got her, and I got attached to her.  So yea. that really sucks. Going to bed then doctor's appointment in the morning. I'm sure I'll feel better about it later. but I feel pretty bad about it now.
1	I'm going to Danny Carey's drum clinic on saturday.. excited-ness. Don't worry, i'll try to post some pictures.
0	So I got my first set of tests back and I do have it. I hope its not too bad I have to go back in two weeks on the 29th to get the 2nd set of test results. I know its something that can be fixed but just the thought of having it is scary. I am only 22 but I guess it's normal or atleast that is what the doc told me. Yea okay whatever that shyt is not normal.
1	We had a great big adventure today!  We went outside.  And the sun was really bright and it smelled all different.  It was so interesting even Mouse woke up to run around during naptime. Then Pockets took this big black thing and stuck it in front of here face and looked at us.  Sometimes the thing made really loud noises, so even when Pockets called me I didn't come over to the door.  Mouse says I was being silly and she wouldn't hurt us, but I remember when she scrubbed our tails witha  toothbrush! Misja is sounding better now, she's not as loud as she was, but she still makes squeaky noises in her sleep sometimes.
1	 These are pics the boyfriend took of the kids while waiting on me to get pizza. The creep, I mean, the boyfriend tried to get me as well, but I didn't cooperate. Go figure. Me. Uncooperative. I'd never have thunk it!    This is  Braden  in his coat with Conner looking on.    Here's the correct size of  Jacob's pic . He's such a ham.     This  is by far my most favorite picture. Corey is the one in glasses, Conner is the weirdo next to him!    &nbsp; 
1	       You scored as  Kirsten . You are a perfectionist.  Be weary of being too rigid and limiting your openness to varied experiences.  Neat freaks are just as irrational as slobs. A half messy person is, in fact, the ideal.  Optimal evolution (according to the research) is dependent on a sufficient amount of random variation and being overly regimented inhibits variation.       Kirsten             89%       Luke             78%       Julie             72%       Oliver             72%       Summer             66%       Caleb             61%       Jimmy             61%       Marissa             61%       Sandy             61%       Anna             56%       Seth             44%       Hailey             33%       Ryan             33%        What OC character are you?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	Haven't done much more than an icon update for awhile, so I guess I'm due.  I feel ridiculously stressed this week, and I can't really pinpoint a cause. I think it's just little things hitting me really hard all of a sudden.  I feel like when I'm going out and doing fun things it should be enough, but it's just not.   Planned the "honeymoon" last night, aka trip to Seattle. It feels good to have something to look forward to, a nice relaxing trip. I'm really excited to go, I need a stress-free weekend.  Just feels like lately I have no idea to handle my own little problems because I've spent too much time dealing with everyone else's crap. Maybe mom's right about me after  all.  I have the day off work tomorrow, maybe I need a day to get myself back together.  I'm a total mess right now.
1	I just finished my second out of three long days this week.  I'm looking forward to the end of it.  I forgot to mention yesterday that I signed up for a single.  It may sound very insignificant, but it's very important to me.  I'll be living in Hedrick Summit, but I don't really mind the walk.  Plus, I'll be much closer to the Sunset Rec Center.  Also, Mike signed up for a room down the hall from mine.  Also, until Paula returns, Barghest seems to have turned into a four person group.  We're going to try to start performing on Saturdays at the 3 rd  Street Promenade.  Perhaps we can also sell CD's.  My birthday is next Thursday.  If I were to have some sort of party to celebrate it, what would you guys suggest that I do?  That's about it for now.  Goodnight, everyone!
0	A heart wrench account of how George Bush is   Losing middle America 
1	Hopefully soon, in my very own mailbox, I will be receiving a Blackwatch tartan schoolgirl skirt!!!  Won it on eBay...now I just need a white shirt!!  That's my day brightener...and Goddess knows I need one at this point!!!  All told, it's gonna cost me less than 22 bucks.  I saw another one...might try for it...but there are 3 different colour combos - black and white, red & green, and navy blue and green...which one to pick, which one to pick...
0	Rafting was cancelled due to not enough people signing up.  I am sad.  That's all for now.  I'm out!
0	Never, ever, ever give an artisan more substantive feedback about their demeanor than their art.
1	Today me and Arianne glued a quarter to the floor and watched to see how many people picked it up.  Today is the MERGER VOTE.    10 days :-D
0	Oh, everyone told her she was too shy. They told her she needed to come out of her shell. Little did she know coming out the protective walls in her mind would let poison into it. She was a better person before she cracked. So I say this to the one influencing her: Thanks a lot, asshole.
1	Hmm... it's spring break time :D  For everyone BUT me, that is... because I'm working this semester, hehe.  I'm halfway done with the required number of hours for my driver's license though, so if I'm lucky I will be able to get it sometime during the week!  It will be exceedingly cool.  At work they have a large machine on the second floor, vacuuming out asbestos... interesting work environment, that.  I'll probably drive tons over the weekend... I still have about 10 hours to go, 6 of them at night :O  This could get interesting!
0	I know I haven't updated in a while, if anyone even cares, but I've been contemplating recently about life and how unfair things are even though I have always known and will always know that they are. One of my best friends is moving to Seattle in June and I'm not going to survive senior year without her. Just how will i go on? Letters and emails won't be enough to sustain me!
1	     spring time!! yay!! lil things that cheer u up!
0	I know I said I decided on a college, but I'm freaking out now b/c my dad is all, MONEY, MONEY, MONEY! And it's pissing me off. I really love St. Ben's (the college I want to go to), but it's really expensive, and my dad is stressing me out, b/c he's this big pressure that is pretty much pressuring me . . . I'm really stressed out about this whole wanting to go to this college, but it being expensive.   And another thing . . . I'm getting 75% tuition, which is EXTREMELY good, but my dad still doesn't think that that's enough! I'M COMPLETELY DRAINED AND I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO TO MAKE HIM BACK OFF! I keep teling him that I could take out loans and put all my savings paychecks into college (which is probably what I'm gonna end up doing) and he's all, "your job?! loans?!" and I don't understand . . . and I'm sad.
1	Steve has also made me this self worshipping icon. Damn I wish I could make these. Thanx Baby for all the fun new icons. =)
1	For the next month!!! I'm off to Norfolk, VA for the paaaaaarrty known as summer cruise training (CORTRAMID)  I dunno if I will have any access to email... but I'm bringing my phone... if I'm ever on shore and can use the damn thing  So if you miss me thaaaaaaaaaaat badly... you can call me and hear the sound of my voice.. via my answering service.  Have fun :)  It's amazing... the military gave me a lot of stuff.  I can't even begin to name the several different pairs of shoes I have in my seabag... One for each occasion man.. party.    I GET TO SEE SPANKY AND BROWNIE TOMORROW!!!!   YAAAAAAAAY!!!!
0	 In remembrance of those who lost their lives to the tragic events of September 11, 2001.    9/11 does not pass each year that I don't remember where I was when I heard about the first plane (I am thankful, at least, I was with a dear friend) or I don't bow my head and cry about that terrible day, no matter what I am doing.  So many more angels...
1	So i have not written in this journal in a long long time! The good news is I have a new car. I had a 93 plymouth sundance with good milage but my friend got into a car accedent with it. It was not badly injured or anything but everyone was pretty shaken up. The airbad deflated and everything. The bad part about this whole thing is the fact that i didnt feel safe in that car anymore. So i went out and bought a new car! a 2003 Impreza rs suberu. Yeah awesome car! Anyhow i hear little man waking up so i am going to get going. Update you all later.
1	Britty and Dan are dating! I was a little worried at first but now i'm okay with it! I love Dan! Hes really nice and he'll take care of my sis! *smiles* He was over last night too. We watched tv....and then i woke them up this morning *laughs* i'm funny! i'm gonna go see them now!  JAMIE LYNN-
1	Since       thastygliax    already let the cat out of the bag....  I'm going to have another baby.  Probably late June.  :)  This is one of the many reasons I'm not doing Yeoman this year, as much as I would like to.
1	Can I claime Kira/Conner's relationship? Oh and can I claime the song Freak You Out? Hope so. Love DT to death!
1	My Victorian coat arrived today.  Combined with my hat, it looks like  this .  In about a months thime, I'll get my an embroidered waistcoat and then it'll all be good. At some point I should probably get a jacket, but that's low on the list.  Currently looking for a good, silver-headed cane, but no luck so far. They are hard to find.  I should probably get a pocket-watch as well.   EDIT:  Been looking at eBay and there are some pretty cool canes there. But I know  nothing  about using eBay. Anybody have any advice?   This one  is especially cool.
1	So, it all comes down to this.  No, sorry I'm still not getting in the habit of making very personal journal entries.  I'm just talking about UNC.  Bottom line is, I'm rooting for UNC which I consider UVA's biggest comparison school other than Tech, simply because if they win, I win my pool.  If they lose, I lose.  More importantly, given that I picked them to win, I like to get stuff right.  It should be exciting.  At any rate, I remain very busy.  Apparently, a bunch of NA kids got into the greatest university in the world: specifically, the University.  Hopefully, they'll come and avoid being sucked in by less incredible options.
1	Finally, I have been waiting a long time for this day, I finally got a computer desk. It feels weird to be sitting at a desk at the right height instead of something that is like 30 inches to short. We went to bib's house today which was some fun and we got some fish for our fish tank. So much went on today, it was all fun though.
0	THIS is what my life's come to?  Sitting around the apartment, eating "Chubby Hubby" out of the container, watching "American Idol".  So much for the mighty warrior-man.   I know I'm feeling sorry for myself, and it doesn't accomplish anything.  Get offa my cloud. 
1	LA freeways- i have never really honestly screamed driving a car until the 110
1	unhinged tourny on saturday!! can't freakin' wait.  -drool-
1	OK I got new sneakers last night! I haven't been excited about sneakers in a really long time!  I tried on the Coach sneakers (the white ones, I'm not so bold to buy the pink ones) and they looked like the Keds I wore when I was five, so I really wasn't sold on the idea.  I went to Nordstorm's and found a new line of sneakers. They're awesome! They're called Saucony. www.saucony.com   I bought this pair     They are from the "originals" series, so I don't think that they are meant for athletic activity, although it feels like I could work out in them. It seems like the company has some serious work out shoes too.   I would say that these are the most comfortable and stylish sneakers I've had in a long time, it feels like I'm walking on air. I might have to buy another pair!   To think they were half the price of the Keds/Coach shoes.
0	we won.. it was against rosamond. they weren't too great. i had to set the second game.. i hate setting. afterwards i hung with haylee and shel and alana. it was cool. now that i'm home i'm really bored. well i think that's all for bye bye love ya all
1	Hail, and well met!  Greetings from Pont Alarch - and a Scottish Celt residing in the heart of Yorkshire!
1	 so yesterday was great! i went to my grandparents and looked at old pictures of my mom and my grandparents....   sooooooooooooooo pretty!   im gonna steal them one day :) my grandma gave me a lot of cool old earrings she had, cant wait to wear them. im going to my favorite store in a lil bit, im so excited! tommorrow is my first day off, from everything.  peace     everyone saying different things to me      different things to me      different things to me...      everyone's taken everything they can      everything they can.  
1	In a few minutes I'll be out the door with my husband to vote. Yes, we will be cancelling out one another's vote and we know it. (Unless I can convince him to change his mind in the car...)   GO VOTE!      Just some things I like about him: -Lowering taxes for 111 million Americans. -Increased funding for low-incme students by 52% and for speical education by 75%. -Encourages family values.  And even though I know abortion will never be illegal, as a child that was almost aborted, my heart really considers that issue. Its no secrete my faith has alot to do with my vote to and although, i don't agree with some of Bush's beliefs about spirituality, religion, and heaven. He's getting my vote today.
1	Today, I made some progress on the "run-pureadmin-as-root" issue. By using Honglis  libgnomesu , pureadmin is now able to automaticly ask for root password if it is needed.  So, if you start pureadmin as a normal user, you'll get this:       Pretty neat, huh?  Best part is, the check for libgnomesu is done at runtime, so if it can find libgnomesu, it will prompt for password, otherwise it will continue as normal. For the technically inclined people, this is accomplished using  dlopen(3) . I'm planning on making FAM-dependency use this approach aswell. When this is done, pureadmin is truly  autopackage friendly .  The code is not committed to CVS yet, since I have to make some changes to the configure script and do some more testing. I think I'll need to bug       jolg    a bit, forcing him to test this out on his machines...  As soon as I'm somewhat confident that I haven't missed anything, I'll commit it for the rest of the world to try out!   UPDATE: It's in CVS now   /Isak
1	HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE!...YAY!... umm so today is tiff's party WOOT! can wait but i dont have a costume i have alot of ideas...cowgirl 60's prom queen house bum 70s prom queen hippee..ya..soo whts upeveryone...this week has been interesting..me and brendon are done for good..my eyes are on some1 else his name is Corry and hes a junior at river..how met u ask..well i had an I.E.P meeting and is mom was there and he walks in and his mom asks him to help me with math a couple times a week!...hes a football player (#66) and hes a wrestler...lol..but hes soo funny and we have seen a eachother a couple times in the halls and afterschool..who knows..ya..thts all for now...ADIOS!... ~dani~
1	I went to a really cool concert yesterday. I saw nonpiont, oi, braeking bejamin, trust company, and hen Static X. It was so awesome. I loved it so much, My new favorite band is Breaking Benjamin.  I watched the movie umm Stargate SG-1 yesterday and I finally figured wjere Sg-1 came from. It's the name of the units. One is Sg-1 which is O'neill's team and SG-2 is Kowalski's team. It;s so great. I watched the Dead Zone 2 I am in love with  Micheal Anthony Hall.
1	Today was a very awesome day!!!! First i passed my drivers ed exam and i can get my permit now so im like WHOOOo!!!!!Also this a bad but good thing, i got a refferal for having a cell phone in hand and i was like wtf!!! and ROAR!!!But the principal let me off the hook so i saw the substitute that gave me the refferal and i laughed she thaught she could send me to ISS, and i know she was pissed off i didnt get ISS and im like MWAAHAHAHAHA!!! o and today i talked to the mistery girl i shall not name but i think cupid shot me in the ass that is all i can say. Well im hyper and i g2g CYA ALL LATERZ!!!!!  HASTA LA VISTA!!! O AND THAT VOLUME 2 OF MY SONG COMING SOON!!
0	Tomorow is thanksgiving and for all my friends i am thankful ! Tonight was G A Y thats all i have to say! My kittens lucky and stinker are cute and they love me and i love them lol im a nerd.Did dough nuts in parking lots with Holton. Yes me and holton are friends again! Yeah tonight was gay but tomorow ill eat and be happy cause im fat and thats what fat people like to do! Yeah so turkey is GREAT! lol bored call me or something!                       peace out,                              karen!
1	7th grade has ended. Summer break has officially begun at 2:30 PM. Yeah! No more school! I can't wait. I have so much plans...it's gonna be a blast.  P. 3: Math. &gt;.&lt; Omg, it took such a long time to do. I didn't even finish it, and I had to guess on like 15 questions, because time was up. &gt;.&lt; I hope I got a good grade.  P. 6: Yay. No exam. Watched Jamanji and this other movie which was like a PG-13 movie, or R, but...oO; They kept on cussing and they showed this naked woman (not that it's wrong, but it's...sorta...suprising). Hehe. It was so fun there. :3  Lalala. I'm hyper. NO MORE FRIGGIN SCHOOL! YEAH!
1	Does anyone have any ski clothes I could borrow?  My dorm's going on a ski trip the first weekend after break and since I've never been skiing, I have absolutely nothing.  I'm not even sure exactly what I'm supposed to have.  Anyways, if anyone has stuff I could use, please please let me know!
1	At last, after 3 days of work and several panic attacks, threats to throw the computer out of the window and a stubborn refusal to ask for help.....  *cue drum roll*   http://members.fortunecity.com/yellowfe athercrafts/   It's a display of the cards I made and that I'm hoping to sell one day. It's far from perfect, and needs more photos and an improvement on the index on the home page. What the heck, it's my first web site. I did it!
0	Ok, for anyone who is curious to what my schedule is, here it is:  Day 1: A- PE / Health 10 B- Spanish 2 C- World History 2 D- Art 1 Day 2: A- PE / Health 10 E- English 10 F- Biology G- Geometry   If you love me, leave me a comment if you have any classes with me, because so far NONE of my friends have classes with me... v. depressed... ~ Laser
1	Wow. The AI concert is tomorrow- that is just unthinkable cool at the moment. I've been waiting five months for this. There was even a newspaper article in the local paper today.     Dude.    ~Libby
1	So I just got done watching Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind for the first time. I was really scared to watch it because everyone kept talking about how amazing it was, and I thought it wouldn't live up to my expectations. But I thought it was amazing. :) That's about all I can say about it.   I'm exhausted, I opened and went and worked out with my mom this morning. I don't have to be at work until 9 AM tomorrow because Sarah is awesome and said she would open for me. :) So, I think I'm going to go return these movies and get a few more and then veg and watch movies until I pass out. Which will probably be 8 PM. Heh.   Anyways. That's about it.
0	Well, this completely tops my business model of streaming videos of scantily-clad women fixing computers over webcams...   BaconWhores.  Yep.
0	Guys I leave in ten days. This is me...packing my whole life away in boxes and crates and going to live without everyone here. This is going to be so hard for me...I can't even explain it...leaving everyone and everything is so scary for me. Granted it'll be a wonderful experience and I'll meet so many great people and have so much fun, it's still a little overwhelming and scary. I don't know much else to say because I'm gonna cry soon so I think I'll end this entry...goodbye.  P.S. thanks to everyone who's been there over the years and I'll never forget you and how you changed my life in ways you'll never know...
1	I have Unreal Tournament 2004 now. :D :D :D  I haven't installed it yet, though. First I'm reading the manual. ^_^  I also got Tsunami Bomb's  Invasion From Within  CD. I am a happy Talec. ^____^
1	Holy moose!  The new  Babyland  album is kicking my ass and making it boogie at the same time.  These guys just keep getting better and better and deserve to be frigging huge.  Hopefully they'll come up again soon; Jack, you got any inside dope on that front?
1	Again from last month's vacation, this one was taken in Brunei.&nbsp; There's a floating village in the capital, which is home to over 10,000 people.&nbsp; The sultan has offered to pay to relocate them all to "proper homes" but the people are resisting.&nbsp; As a compromise, he's wired the village for electricity, sewage, etc.&nbsp; It was quite a sight.&nbsp; This type of village is supposedly quite common throughout Borneo.   
0	 I got 14-15hrs of sleep last night. That got me up at 9am! I haven't been up that early for no reason in the longest time! Well there hasn't been anything to do lately. Nicole is still sick, tara is sick. Amanda wasn't at school yesterday. I wonder how the concert went. well... hm... I think i'm going to go now there isn't anything to say. bye  -Jessica 
1	After watching the trailer several times, I picked up on a couple of interesting details. Does anyone stand behind Harry in the woods when he yells Expecto Patronum? It looked like there was a body in the upper right-hand corner. Also, right after the shot of Lupin as a werewolf passes, it goes into Ron wearing a hat and hissing. Towards the left-hand corner in the bottom, was some sort of doll with huge eyes. I can safely say now that I wish to have Alfonso's children. He better make Sirius "embrace" Lupin in the shack!  Lastly, Snape! I adore the way Snape's boggart changed into such a multitude of things before it went to the next scene. When he first stormed into the classroom, I could feel my heart skipping a beat. Mr. Rickman certainly improves with age; he has such presence. I'm determined now to have that picture colored and ready on Friday (Severus Snape Picasso-style). Oh yes, my day is now complete.
1	I have completed exam session, hurra!! I've passed all exams in the first go!! i'm so happy and relieved. Now i can finally rest!  Tomorrow i'm going for a skiing to Slovakia, to Rohace. For a whole day, with my friend Kinga and her sister. Departure time 6.30 am, ohhh! Well i have to go to bed early. I'm so excited! I decided i really need to buy ski equipment next year, ski shoes for the begining. So i need to start saving money for that.  There's still a lot of snow in Poland, and it's been very freezy for a couple of days. I suffer from headaches, it's because weather is so changeable. When it was snowing i felt ok, now when it's a little bit warmer i have headaches almost everyday.  On friday i went to see "Finding Neverland" with my sister, friend and my cousin from Warsaw. I liked it a lot, i've never see a bad movie with Kate Winslet or Johnny Depp. It was very nice film, relaxing :D  I need to do some food shopping for tomorrow, so i'd beter go.
0	I am so depressed.  I just want things to be ok.  I love her so much.  I can hardly motivate myself to get out of bed.  I just want everything to be alright.  I tried calling her, but she wasnt there, that probably means she is out with him.  Life sucks.
0	Have i been a bad friend lately? seriously. i seem to be getting a lot of attitude, or people simply just not talking to me. if i have done something to make you upset, let me know, cause i would like to make things right.  i hate feeling so goddamn emotional. for the last almost two weeks i feel like crying all the time. i feel so rediculas. maybe i am. GAH!  Dear jerk off of a person who takes up too much space on the coul- de- sac,  You really suck. There is more than enough room for a third car in there if you make it. if i get a ticket for being parked in a fire lane, your dumb ass is paying it. thank you and have a nice day,  Meaghan
0	 So bored...i dunno where anyone is...i just want to chill with someone, not to sound desperate, but ANYONE!!! The weekend is already half over and I haven't done like anything...I hung out with the&nbsp;IR family yesterday, everyone was hyper and crazy as usual. Jen was pissing me off (again). It's gonna be weird never to see Eddie and Dan again after this summer. It's gonna suck. 
1	my mom is trying to make picture CD's for both my brothers' boy scout stuff  and  for the family photos. With my great genius I realized that I could make a slideshow thingy for the family photos that is playable on a DVD player. Unfortunately I will have to use one of my precious DVD-Rs for the task as there are too many pics for me to get away with making a VCD. I'm a genius, for I am learning an entire semesters worth of film class in one day, well actually my senior project taught me some of it... and I'm obviously exaggerating anyway... but hey, i'm doing it on my own, yes?
1	From       thefridayfive      1. What is your favorite movie of all time?  Mel Brooks' History of the World   2. How often do you watch this movie?  About once every other month.   3. What's your favorite line out of the whole movie?  "They are my people...I am their soverign...I LOVE them!  Pull!" *French peasant goes flying into the air* *King Louis shoots at peasant like a clay pigeon*   4. Who's your favorite character from this movie?  Queen Nympho   5. What scene do you love the most?  Where Moses introduces the fifteen commandments, drops a tablet, and then introduces Gods' Ten Commandments.
1	Does anyone know a witness in Paris?  I'm trying to go next month. I have free lodging with the sister of a coworker. She's in her fifties, not some weird wild worldly person. FREE lodging in Paris.   Anyone have recommendations for cheapest airfare? Flights seem to be $700 - $775 although I did find on in the $600s.  I have to go in May because said free lodging is moving back to states in June.
1	So today I'm going to burlington to close then open the cheese there.  I will be out of reach except for my phone until friday night or whenever I get back through the clogged routs of washington tomorrow afternoon.  At least I get to stay in a hotel and get mileage!  Whoo HOOO
1	Date last night with Josh. Wicked fun. I have found someone who I can cuddle and kiss and still not be attached to. It's amazing. We have an understanding I think that we both don't want a relationship because they suck (well that is my reasoning, I'm sure his is different). So everything is just great. I do fear that I might become a little conceited hanging around with some of his friends. One of them has said a couple times "You have to know that you are hott". I still don't see it but whatever right? I have gotten to know Josh's friends enough that I can be in an entirly different room than him and be comfortable. Good sign. Leave your address if you want a letter. I want to write some before I don't have any time on my hands due to the fact that my school starts in a little less than 3 weeks.
0	Whatever happened today makes me realise that I am still living in tension.  Actually, would have hope I am those drama queens who will just break down and freak all out.  Yet, I didn't...... and I believe the tension is building....... Arrrhhhhhh...........   It is quite dreadful moving on with no idea what is going to happen next......  I used to be such control freak over the things I want in life for myself, you can imagine how helpless I have become.  I think I am experiencing awful irregular heart beat rates with all these tension going on.  Yet, I have survived thru and got to deal with it.......  Another lesson learnt, no matter how smart you can be, you can still be outsmart by yourself.  Think I am a fighter........ yet...... if the day comes when I cannot fight anymore, it must have been a battle I have lost not becos it is tough but I am just worn out.  Sounds depressing, but I am still keeping myself positive.
0	Well today was frustrating, I was presented with the posibilty of a cheap ass, trip to Hong Kong, like, a plasable trip.  But I dont think it will be posible for me to go as my Jury duty starts on the 8th of August and I dont think I can afford to do it before hand.  Fuck.   And on top of that, I suddenly feel awful, I was fine at lunch, fine after sociology, but as I was walking to my car I just felt worse and worse.  The wold is a bastard today.
1	Aaaah.  Everything is  goooood ... =) Tiger came home! Me and mom had been shopping Tuesday (new lipgloss! YEEES) and dad told us. I died! Almost a week... Dirty paws and damn skinny, but all fine. He seems a little scared too... Hmm I wonder where he's been? They're buildning houses around here so maybe someone accidentely locked him into one? I dunno. I'm so glad he wasn't gone... Can't even explain.  Had a nice day with my boyfriend too. &lt;3 We saw Mariah's new vid tons of times. It's... Decent? I dunno, I prefer her in curly hair and umm less weight... She doesn't carry weight well, IMO. Anyway... We couldn't stop laughing at the CD title. THE EMANCIPATION OF  MIMI ...? That is just comedy.
1	 Tonight starting at 8 tonight we are throwing a party at my place.  Everyone is invited to an evening of fun.  Cards, movies, board games, just hanging out.  Computer games.  I am lacking on stuff to munch on so, if anyone wishes to bring some chips, and anything your more then welcome to.    Call for Directions 321-663-8214, or email nuit (at) radiks.net  For those that use mapquest or www.maps.yahoo.com   1414 Calibre Creek Pkwy Roswell, GA 30076   Start time is 8.  Show up early or late doesn't matter, I'll see everyone here 
0	I am sad...I think Boone is gonna die on tonight's episode of LOST because everyone keeps saying that TWO major charcters will die(I think they're full of shit).  And hey, you can only have so many hearth throbs on one show. (jack, Charlie, Sawyer...it's all a hunk overload)   EDIT:   and now the episode is over and I read the epoiler that said:  The character's death comes about because of something Locke has done. Charlie NOR Jack will die. But this person is well-loved, well-featured and well... doomed. It is one of the fourteen series regulars. I think it's a boy who dies. Basically, something catastrophic happens, and because someone LIES about what happened.  The death will lead to a divide with the island survivors. When the character dies off, Claire's baby will be born and Jack will NOT be the one to deliver it. Claire is going to have her baby in the season finale   *sighs* why do my favorite characters always have to die?  That's so fuckin sad.
1	"愛しさは腐敗につき" is a really beautiful song. I can't stop listening to the sample... it's so... lovely. In, you know, Dir en grey's lovely way that is still rather heartrending... I  can't wait  until Withering to Death is released.  This is the best 'night before my birthday present' XD
1	      00060672    here are the photos of me wearing the belty you wanted! Sorry it tooks ages... oh and they're here as I don't have your new email addy. (THANKS AGAIN DARLS!!)            ... 
1	  Nick Kent      What classically cool poet or writer are you?      brought to you by  Quizilla       THIS IS TOTAL BULLDUST!    p.s I tried on a pair of shorts (3/4 length, Aztec Rose Green shorts) that I haven't been able to fit properly in recent months and now I can ... I feel so Fabulous... this stuff about weight etc ... I think Im on the right path ... I went for another walk this morning I came back refreshed! - I am gaining more motivation again!
1	Got this from       sarahtdl         Your Post-Apocalyptic Adventure by discokali      username           This is the way the world ends      Whimper Bang       No Really      Nuclear Proliferation Plague Environmental Catastrophe Alien Invasion Asteroid Strike Vengeful God(s) Zombies       Token character who dies in the first 20 min.    klimtomaniac      Grizzled military vet who teaches you to survive,    the_shy_wolf      Whiny politician who'll lead the new world    dlw_fan_service      Borderline psychotic who caused armageddon    annahcathleen      Tragically killed love of your life    rennameeks      Plucky romantic interest    princess_taryn        Your odds of surviving: 78%                                                                                               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	     Would anyone want to bang you? by phobia      Name:           Favorite Food:           Wants to Bang you:           This many times:    28               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	Every long lost dream led me to where you are Others who broke my heart they were like northern stars Pointing me on my way into your loving arms This much I know is true That God blessed the broken road That led me straight to you    ~Rascal Flatts~
1	Got motorcycle insurance today!  I'm paying $147/yr. This has a $250 deductible for full-coverage, roadside assistance, and covers uninsured motorists. Normally it would have been $105/yr but I opted for uninsured motorist incase one of these assholes who do not have insurance decides to run me off the road.  Now I need to get my leathers back from my cousin.
1	this spoken word "song" me and my friends used to quote all the time i had burned on a cd a long time ago and i thought i had lost it, but i just found it and im all woot!!!  watch ill loose it again in like a week.
1	...Although I'd only like the bow if it could be used as a weapon. I mean, how cool would that be? Hair bow of destruction!       What would you look like as an Anime Charecter? (MODIFIED!) by tobyspit      Name:           Gender, Age, and Species:    Female; 89 ; Halfbreed (Elven/Human)      Walk of Life:    Alchemist      Hair Style:    Long ass braid with a giant red bow on the end.      Eyes Type and Color:    Angry, Lime Green      Clothing:    Upper body armor(abs exposed), Red and White Kilt      Weapons and Accessories:    Staff, Electric Guitar      Memerable Quote:    "We just got Goth Served."               Quiz created with MemeGen  !        Completely random, but does anyone else flip through their song list when posting just so they can find a cool song to list as their music of the moment?
1	Woooo, I'm in a good mood!  Because I have a cell phone!  And I'm back in school!  And, I dunno.  People are cool. 8)  Also, my brother and I are TOTALLY owning Zelda.  Hellz yes.
1	Six down, one to go. We have reached the end of the road, my friends. I am sure we have all had our good and bad terms this year but take heart in knowing that it is all over tommorrow:)
1	  Hey everyone,   I'm posting because I was wondering if any of you creative fan fic writers would like to be in our  buffy rpg.    We are missing  Willow , and are in desperate need of one. I personally, play Tara.      If you want to join       buffytvs_rpg   &nbsp; to play Willow, apply at       buffytvs_ooc    .   You will need a journal specifically devoted to Willow Rosenberg.   Thanks for reading!! Keep Writing!  luv   Debbie  &lt;3   
1	Hey,  I just joined. I think its awesome I found a community for sifl and olly. I'll have to tell my friend Emily about it. we both love Liam Lynch and sifl and olly. She has all of the seasons on dvd, or at least most of them. I have Liams cd Fake songs also, and on the dvd hes so cute! ahh lol ok my sn is sinkissedsweeto1, so im me if u wanna talk im usually on at around 5, 6, 7, or 8.  later
0	It's all coming back to me.  Nothin but dark, grey skies ahead.
0	   I scored  59&frac14;%  on the classic 400 Point Purity Test!     Take the test here!    
0	i finally got one of these livejournal things that everyone is always talking about. this is where i get healed by the magical properties of emptying my feelings into the internet, which i really can't see as something much better then writing in my regular journal or doing anything else to relieve stress. it's not like anyone will read this anyway  it's not like anyone will care if they do  i'm basically completely alone
0	     If LJ Was a High School by   Karen_Walker        Username           Principal    johnmclane      Lunch Lady    sallamino      Head Cheerleader    abby6384      Quarterback    hobbitfanatic      Prom Queen    _madnesswithin      Gang Member    countryfreak      Band Geek    obsessionaddict      Theatre Geek    _blindassassin_      Chess Club Captain    x_fi_x      Loner Goth Kid    lady_of_sha1ot      Class Clown    db6937               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	So then! I am going to the dance that has not yet been officially announced with James! As friends!  I think it will be a lot of fun! I'm quite looking forward to it already!
1	I found this on a message board.  It's probably the funniest thing I've seen all week.   http://www.kontraband.com/show/show.a sp?ID=1723&NEXTID=0&PREVID=1728&DISPLAYORDER=20041124164019&CAT=movies&NSFW= 
0	on second thought it appears that the name Ones & Zeros is already taken by some crappy hard rock band  thats rather disappointing...  i really liked that name  honestly, im not sure i really care, though as long as they arent real popular, or anything  i dont think it really matters, does it?     i guess it all depends on if i happen to come up with something better sometime down the road  stupid crappy godsmack wannabes
1	Well, it's slower than hell on my computer but it's better than the last client, I'm debating wether to use this one (slow but more features) or the old one (fast, less features)
0	Today was one of the worst days I've had in a while. I'm just so down and sad.  I hate it.  Between classes, the weather, and everything else.  I just don't want to.  I need a really big hug and a cat to sit on my lap and comfort me.  Cats don't care about anything but the fact that they love you and you love them.  That's all they need, right now, that's what I need.
0	"But remember this, Every other kiss, That you ever give Long as we both live When you need the hand of another man, One you really can surrender with,  I will wait for you, Like I always do,  There's something there, That can't compare with any other..."
1	Reasons to be happy:  - I have the best friends ever (Carrie and Sam) and an awesome family - I'm going to the college that I want to and rooming with Steph - I control my own life and make my own decisions - I'm finally fullfilling my dream of running a marathon (getting my ass into shape right now) - I have the greatest guy ever :)  That about sums it up for now!  -Imay
0	It's just rainy enough to keep the ground wet.  Meaning, no skating.  I had the biggest urge for the past couple days too, which doesn't come that often.  I need something new, I'm sick of my life.  I know that I should be doing something but I can't bring myself to do anything.  I give advice to people that I don't even follow.  Right now I'm just in my room looking around.  I have spent so much time playing video games in the past few days just to pass the time.  Hopefully I'll get sick so I can deal with that.
1	   HAPPY VALENTINE's DAY EVERYONE !!! It's a Rainy day here in Greenville, but that's okay! How is everyone? I read your journals and reply but no one seems to ever reply to mine? Oh well....      What is everyone doing tonight? I think Brandon and I are going out to eat after my 5pm RA mtg...but I don't know where. Am I'm excited to see what kind of gift he got me. It's "nothing much" he said, but I know that's not the truth! He's so sweet, I'm excited!!      I hope you all have a    wonderful    day, don't&nbsp;have too much food or sex&nbsp;tonight!!! ;)&nbsp; LOL      I love you all and miss you! Gimme a call sometime!       I hope to see you again soon!!!       Luv  &amp; Hugs,       &nbsp;     *Britt*  
1	       Which Rurouni Kenshin Character Are You?  Test Created By  oronoda      It's October 1st, everyone! Twenty-five days until my birthday! And thirty days until Halloween. This is a dilemna because even though I'm probably going to have candy duty, I want a costume! Now, this year I want to really kind of get into the spirit of the original Halloween with magic, demons and the devil, so, the best ideas I've had are witch and pagan/heathen/gypsy/NON-CHRISTIAN(oooh!) . But those ideas are very general, so I come to an actual point.  Who are your favorite witches/pagans from history, legend, literature, movies, etc? And where on earth do you find a gypsy outfit that doesn't look like Esmerelda from the disney movie?
0	15 more minutes to christmas and i still haven't seen santa :(
1	ok so i fucked up on the not going out situation....was at Randoms and hayley rang me to see what i was up to... we arrange to go out at 8 and see what happens... turns out everyone and there dogs are going out.. so naturally i had another heavey night.. and now i am paying the price... my cough will not go away and i need sleep badly, but a&gt;cough is keepi9ng me awake b&gt;ive just got out of bed to go play in the snow at 3am... its not wise, so ive had to calm myself down and go and try and sleep and get up early tm to go sledging and make snow angels.. alice and mary have just got back and have pics of them making snow angels outside the libray.. bless.
0	So last night before i went to bed i was looking for my blanket. I couldn't find it anywhere. Still can't find it after i tore the house apart looking for it. It makes me sad that i can't find it.  Today i went to lunch with daddy at village tavern and then to the library to pick up some cds. Later went and picked up holly and we went to kohls and target for a lil shopping. Considering i just got 50 bucks today...i very much wanted to go. Got a gray zip up thingy and a nike drawstring bag.  Ate dinner at Papa Petes and played dominios. Lost twice but still fun.   Had to stop by work to get my schedule. First payday is tomorrow. I really dont like it there. I figure tho i will suck it up till volleyball...cuz i cant work during the season. Then maybe get a job somewhere else.  Volleyball camp starts in 2 days...ehhh dont wanna...too early. Blah!
0	  Okay...      For the last entry... that picture didn't link to my site because it linked to something else already.      It's 5:12 pm right now...      Today I went out, had lunch... cottage pie... yum...      And then I went and watched a movie 'A Cinderella story'... it was good.      But I swear... if I see another movie which has two people in love today... I'm going to scream.      I'm not jinxing or anything but I never get loved back, never did anything!      I mean... I have so many issues and this is one of them and I feel bad and I'm in love with a guy right not but he doesn't love me back, he's probably in fleet somewhere holding another girl's hand and kissing her... urghh!      I'm trying to tell myself not to think about it!      But I can't!      ~Carlie~      P.s. I want to write so much more but I just don't have the engery to right now and there's so much to write down and somre are too confidentual and most of them are all so difficult to explain!       &nbsp; 
1	Can't wait till tomorrow!! Red Sox game! Me and my brother are sitting behind the Red Sox on deck circle! Its going to be intense...but it    sucks    that Jason won't be playing :'(&nbsp; yeah it sucks a lot.
0	Like       thetragicclown    I saw it was flawed in many points, but it is pretty well done.             Official Survivor    Congratulations! You scored 67!         Whether through ferocity or quickness, you made it out. You made the right choice most of the time, but you probably screwed up somewhere. Nobody's perfect, at least you're alive.                              My test tracked 1 variable How you compared to other people  your age and gender :                   You scored higher than  48%  on  survivalpoints                  Link:  The Zombie Scenario Survivor Test  written by  ci8db4uok  on  Ok Cupid      [Edit] I just noticed the glaring grammar problem the creator must have. Fixed.
1	Hi everyone! I just uploaded some nice Keanu Reeves pics at my LJ that I thought might be of interest to the ladies:) Enjoy!    follow the fake lj cut   x posted here and there
1	I voted earlier today, hoping the entire time that there would be no more Florida screw-ups. Feeling optimistic for the moment.
1	oh i love working for Ohio!  they will pay me to go to school and it doesn't have to be related to anything!  my supervisor doesn't even have to know about it, no approval needed.
0	Sadly, I can't go to states for family reasons. I was so excited to. I just found out today 2, so now they have to find a replacement for me. I feel so bad.....
1	 So my decision was made, and it took less time than expected.    I realised in my heart of hearts that I didn't really want to be with anyone other than my ex, and there she was, willing to go out with me again.    I didn't ask her this time, I told her to ask me, it was quite amusing, as she's a really shy girl at heart, so it took her some time to pluck up enough courage to ask me.    We spent the entire of Monday at my place, laughing, chatting etc etc.    It was great.  I haven't stopped counting, it's nearly 8 months now.    Today was my day of rest, I did nothing, and was very happy in doing so!    To say I did absolutely nothing would be a lie, I tried to immerse myself in Championship manager, only to have my team thrashed 5-0 in a friendly by some non-league side.    I'll make a second attempt at it tomorrow.    I've also been making a bit of music, at a leisurely pace.  Bill Hicks... how could one man be so right?    Anyways, I've said enough, I've said too much... 
0	I am truly upset right now because one of my employees is in a really bad situation. Her parents are emotionally and verbally abusive. To the point where I believe that they have no right to have kids. Some times I think that there should be a test or something you should have to take before you have kids to prove that you won't completely fuck them up. How can people just purposely hurt their children ? I just don't understand it. There is absolutely no good reason to abuse and demolish your kid emotionally and take out shit on them because you are unhappy with your life. I propose treating shitty parents with shock collars.
0	Note to self:  If you're going to write a thesis on why countries are allowed to get around embargoes, you should make sure there really are such embargoes in place before getting halfway through your rough draft.  6 weeks into a 13 week course and I'm back to ground zero.  The only options are:  1)  pick a new topic, hate life 2)  write a really crappy paper on current topic 3)  drop the seminar and take an extra semester  Great choices, eh?
1	keepin it gangsta..me and court are the kewlest gangstas ever..like no joke..we roll so skilled i luv it..anyways im stoked for our next rollin adventure..lol..bye everyone
0	lastnite my puppy got out of her kennal and i cant find her anywhere.i looked all lastnite and all today.all i want is to have her back :( someone stole some of our halloween stuff lastnite so darrell took it all down and said we not decorating for it at all anymore same with christmas or anything.just have had a shitty day for the last couple days.
1	We win tonight, and I get my first Penalty Shot Power Play goal! Am happy. :)  Good job tonight guys.
1	WOAH! *explodes*  Cat - Jemima!!!! *__* JEMIMA JEMIMA JEMIMA!!!  Couple - Growltiger and Griddlebone  Song - Growltiger's Last Stand ( It was a tough choice between this and the Aweful Battle of the Pekes and the Pollicles ^^; )  Waii~ Cool community by the way ^_^  I'll put these up on my userinfo ASAP ^_^  ~hori
0	Just when it seems like things are starting to look up, something always makes a downturn.  This time it was not only unexpected, but a doozy...  My grandmother - the person who raised me when I was growing up - is in the hospital.  She had a heart attack.  No one expects her to live out the week.  And here I am in a different state a good thousand miles away and unable to do a damn thing about it.  My relatives back home have already started fighting amongst themselves like a bunch of vultures ready to pounce down on something that isn't even DEAD yet.  I would hate them if I could, I want to.  I guess it's for the best that I can't.  It wouldn't bring me any solace anyway.  I used to dream about going home.  Where is my home now?  If I'm surrounded by people, why do I still feel so alone?
0	i really lost my wallet...sigh...i need to get a new copy of my driver's license oh well...i want my wallet back though..school was crap..i had to wake up at 5:30 and i was late and it took me forever just to find a parking spot. ut is my damn homeroom teacher..that sucks even more. auto smells..vicky's brother is in my class along w/ my erin. it's kinda nice to see everyone again. yearbook was fine. i'm not ging to have a free period anymore i need a math class. i was going to take it at pierce but i think it's a bad idea and my bro told me that pierce only gives you credits not grades. so i'll probably take spanish or italian? any preferance anyone? i was going to take asl but they didn't have any at this time. i memorized 40 words today i'm very proud of and my bro was suppose do 40 push ups too but he says i have to prove it to him on the day of the test. phooey. and i did like 30 quetions on the math hw thingy. sat sucks.
0	Well i had just gotten out of bball practice when esme's mom told me and esme the bad news, she told us that lauren, a close friend to many of us, had passed away.She was always there for everyone when they needed her, and was a great friend, Lauren i will never forget you, I love you!and im gona miss the up-high you always gave me in the hallway... and how you were there for me wenever i had problems, im gona miss you soo much, jess.. her last words...that i saw...from her...  the ending we lost today's game and now i'm depressed and not all about that. well i got your jacket celina....ummmmmmmm peace out untill this ending flys straight through my head.
1	  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ~* HAPPY B-DAY, MOM! *~          This was taken on our trip to New Orleans - hehe, my mom's feather boa rocks!!!    I went out shopping this morning to find her a gift.&nbsp; I got her a very pretty necklace at Kmart.&nbsp; I hope she likes it!!     &nbsp;    &nbsp;    &nbsp; 
0	My spring break sux. Theres nothing to do...seems like everyone is having fun while im sittin here doin nuthin...
1	Just the news I was waiting for.  Apple  slashes  iPod  rates.  The  iPod shuffle  is available in 512MB and 1GB models for $99 and $149 respectively. And a 4GB or 6GB  iPod mini  now comes for $199 or $249 respectively. Pay another $50, and you can get Apple's only remaining black and white full-sized  iPod —a 20GB model priced at $299. And for just $50 more, you can say hello to a color screen and 50 percent more capacity with the 30GB  iPod photo . The 60GB iPod is the only model now in the iPod line that blows the curve—it's $100 more than the next step down, at $449. Still, it's a lot more affordable than it was before this announcement—Apple cut the price of the high-end iPod photo by $150.  40GB iPods have been  wiped off  all together.  Now with the new price, accessories like  FireWire cable, Dock and AV Cable  for iPod Photo have all become optional. The detailed comparison chart can be found  here .  Think it's time to go for a  30GB iPod Photo ...!
1	I am here at my mall...Fingerlakes. I still can't believe that they have wireless internet. People stare at Shaun and I becuase Shaun and I are the only ones with computers here. Well I am gonna go and check my email. Hope everyone is having a good day.  Ps...Punky Brewster season 2 is coming out the 8th of next month.
0	I dream of you ,my love,but i can´t find you....where are you,where????I need you so much...i need you,my lostlover...YOU CAN BE MY SUN IN MY DARKESTS MOMENTS...WHEN I FELL...DOWN AND THE LADY Is CLOSER...SO CLOSER..
0	No longer will the squeek of the wheel be heard at 3am, or the gnawing of the cage bars because a little white rat is demanding attention.  After the consultation with Elizabeth the vet it was confirmed that the best treatment option was euthanisa. With the sudden growth of the tumors, Squirt's Myco and both of them losing condition add that all up with their age it was the best thing to do.     I will miss you both.
1	It's my motherfuckin birfday!!!!! If you aren't at Posse tonight at 10 (and you're in Austin), then you are no longer my friend. I hate you, but all of you that are there for my birthday, you are my true friends and I love you. You guys are badass.  EDIT: I would like for everyone to know that I don't remember posting this cause I was way too drunk. What a way to ring in my birthday!!!
1	First of all- it took a fair bit of extra time; but I  am  playing nearly the full run of the  Michigan Renaissance Festival  this year!  I'm also delighted with the news that I will be the Filk Guest at  Oasis  in Orlando, Florida in May, 2005!  Check my  Schedule  to see what's coming up!
1	She was just born a few minutes ago. She's about a month premature, but aside form being small (6lbs, 5oz) she is in perfect health.
0	 Today I woke up at 7 am to go Microbes, which was interesting.&nbsp; I enjoyed the lecture.&nbsp; When I went back to my room, I started and finished my second reflection paper for FYS then I went to study some more for Micro Economics midterm today.&nbsp; I was so stressed out about it, but I'm glad thats done.&nbsp; I still have to work on my cover letter, resume, read The Bluest eye (autumn), study/create a study sheet for my Business Statistics test tomorrow, work on my 3000 word paper, and go to work tonight from 6 pm to 11 pm.&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm really not having a good day.&nbsp; The weather is nasty outside....wet snow....egh...it's time to walk to&nbsp;dinner now then off to work.    - J    J + S = Awesomeness 
0	      pierrotlefou    pointed out that the Sumatra quake happened almost a year to the day as the  quake in Iran last year . I remember it happening around Christmas.   I found a site showing pictures of some of the devastation. Some are repeats, but worth viewing:   Pantip   I made a donation to  World Vision International  last night. I wish I could do more. I hate just sitting here and scanning news sites.  There are several other aid organizations that are setting up temporary shelters, distributing supplies, and providing medical assistance. Most international orgs are using their Australia affiliates as their base:   Tear Australia    Care Australia   Red Cross Australia   Unicef   Oxfam Australia   I feel so sad. 
1	Hello everybody :)  Ted from Imperative Reaction and Clint from system syn are working on a side project for me! I am sooooooo excited! I finally get to have *my* band, and with such talented writers! I will do most vocals, write all the lyrics, and help out a bit with writing and producing. The only thing I am totally lost on is a band name! Do you guys have any suggestions? It is probably going to be an EBM type thing... so, what do you guys suggest?
1	I had my interview at lows.He said i had a good interview and a good chance of getting a second interview and most likely to get cashier.
0	I just received my “Convention Issue” of  Audiology Today  magazine.   I’m sad we’re not going.  Not so much for myself but for Jon.  He’s never been to DC and he would be so into everything going on there.  The best thing would be that I’d have classes and he could tour all the stuff that I’m not interested in seeing.  Paid days to travel are always good.  And the Friday night parties make the whole trip worth while.  Oh well…  The keynote speakers are James Carville & Mary Matalin.  It says that they will have a lively discussion of love, war & politics.
1	ive just realized i havent updated with horoscopes in awhile...so here is goes  here's yesterdays...You can feel the static as you try to filter out the incoming information, most of which may be extraneous. The problem is that all data has meaning -- if you could only figure out what it is. Have yourself a cup of non-caffeinated herbal tea, unplug your telephone and let your inner voice tell you what to do next.  and my weekly...Friday's Full Moon falls in your house of romance, which can make your heart skip a beat. Even if the object of your affection isn't available, just feeling the attraction is enough to raise your hopes about love and make for a socially stimulating weekend.  ok thats all for now, im off to nap.
0	i talked to the old lady's insurance company today. They won't be sending out anyone to look at the car until they get a police report, which they told me to pick up & fax to them. They better reimburse me for it, i think it costs $10-15 for it.  Also I won't be able to get it for 10 working days, so if everything goes well after I get it the earliest I'll be getting my car back is 3 weeks.  Now I know I definatly won't be home for Thanksgiving. fucking wonderful.
0	Normally, my extended family (aunts, uncles, cousins, that kind of thing) on my dad's side gets together for the 4th of July, back where I grew up, in south-western Minnesota. I got an e-mail today from one cousin I was really looking forward to seeing. He's involved in a big project at work and won't be able to travel here this year. (He lives in Washington - the state, not DC) Then, I called my mom, and found out pretty much nobody is planning to be around to do a picnic this year, for various reasons. Rats. Even had 3 new recipes picked out to try for the pot-luck.
1	   Other than not really drinking the water I needed to I did really good today, cereal for brekkie, pb sammich for lunch a vanilla coke.  Havent had dinner yet but I have a chicken breast I'm going to cook and may make a chicken salad with it that would be tasty I think.  Still stoked about my weight loss and I've been thinking a LOT about the future, and if I get all this weight off and keeping it off ... that will be so hard but I think I've proven that I can do that even under difficult circumstances.  I just ... don't feel like eating as much anymore :).     
1	well, the other day we lost to ftn hills (BARELY) but yesterday we won to san tan. which means that i think the record now stands  1st: ftn hills (6 wins) 2nd: willis (5 wins 1 loss) 3rd: san tan (3 wins 3 loss--to bogle, us, and ftn hills) 4th: bogle or andersen(i think)   which means now if we win the rest of r games and ftn hills loses to like andersen or something, we'll b tied for first with them... I REALLLLLLLYY WANT TO WIN EVC'S THIS YR!!!!
1	I made more of those chocolates that everyone loves.   (This is not helping me in my quest to lose weight). I made them to use up the rest of the heavy cream I had. Come see me if you want any.  Oh yeah, and they're just plain butter flavored.
0	Why can't things ever work out right. You have everything planned out, you're going to have fun, then you get sick. Life, it seems, sometimes finds amusement in suffering.
0	Since when has everyone joined the Junior Philosophers Club of America?
1	Mac OS X Tiger will be shipped on 29th April. Cool. Wakuwaku.    http://www.apple.com/macosx/ 
0	What happened to me?  I used to be such a great student and I've been slacking more and more since the end of last year.  Now I'm sitting in the computer lab, working on a project that was due in a class that started 45 minutes ago.  It's worth 15% of my grade.  Isn't this the kind of thing I used to prioritize for?   I know it's my own damn fault and it makes me feel so worthless to know I could be doing better and I'm not.  I know that alot of the problem is Krister.  I'm not trying to dump this on him, it's just that I spend too much time with him instead of doing work or getting sleep!  I need to start saying "NO! Leave me alone you leach of my time!" instead of saying "Oooh, well I can squeeze this work in later" because I never can!   So yes, work first. Fun later. For ever and ever until the day I die.  And now I return to my toil.
1	 future school:       &nbsp;          &nbsp;    &nbsp;       and my future job:                                LIFE IS GOOD    &nbsp;           &nbsp;        
0	This is absolutely "GREAT"...  We had in Central California fifteen days of nice weather, you know, lots of sun and blue skies. And now Spring Break is approaching. This means I will have some free time to take a trip to Southern California. Well... this looks like a movie. As soon as the clouds heard about Spring Break and free time they came running as fast as they could. Result? A really nice day full with showers, thunderstorms, heavy rain. Everything that will make my Spring Break a very happy one!  Maybe the clouds have an agreement with the University. That's it!!! The clouds want people to remain inside the University. Don't go! Remain working, my friends! Don't think about leaving!!   Dome
1	Viked from  ece_aesc     "Sweet Dreams" (by Eurythmics) Sweet dreams are made of this Who am I to disagree? Travel the world and the seven seas Everybody's looking for something Some of them want to use you Some of them want to get used by you Some of them want to abuse you Some of them want to be abused      Which 80's Song Fits You?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Well, of the available songs as answers for this quiz, I have to say it fits. I've always loved the song, although it is  awfully  cyncical.  Take the quiz:  "Which Holy Grail Character Are You?"     Arthur, King of the Britons  Arthur, son of Uther Pendragon, from the castle of Camelot. King of the Britons, defeater of the Saxons, Sovereign of all England!  Wow. I get to be King. And rule in Camelot... (ever see the Lego version of "The Camelot Song," anyone?)
0	1st day 017 blurr rran chriswings fcuk light me .mag chrissy-sy on a cell at the lake 2 untitled me me stz stz2 chrissy  i'll kill you. i swear i will.  i dont like it.
1	Wow what a day. Took the day off, left early this morning and went to karuizawa outlet mall. It took about 2 hours to get there and only 1 wrong turn. While shopping, the first few hours scared me. We hadn't bought anything. But within the last hour man was i wrong. We bought out the house packed the car and left to go home. It's the second time there and more money spent, after the weekend in tokyo/chiba last week. I don't think i should be aloud to shop for a while anymore hehehe. But all is well and yea new clothes for spring/summer. Can't wait for it to get warmer so i can wear my new stuff. It's back to work tomorrow. Another day another day ...
1	Chanel's gone. Boo hoo.   Actually, ironically, her last goodbye performance was actually quite good *lol*  And again, sucks Haylie was in the bottom 3 :( But when they were syaing who would go back to the couch, I had both fingers crossed and was whispering under my breath "Please Hayley, please Hayley, please Hayley", and when she was announced to go straight back me and Sarah both screamed out "YES!!!!!!" *lol*
0	At what point do you stop waiting for a call back? I decided I wasn't doing much today anyway, since I am pretty sore for yesterday, but it still feels like I shouldn't have been sitting here waiting for a phone call for 8 hours. Should I just take the hint already?
1	ohh i feel so bad i haven't been updating this. for halloween im gonna be a silver and greenish pixie. tomorrow my moms taking me to the prominade and santa monica mall so i can get this shirt from abercrombie for my costume.  hmmmmm SHOPPING TOMORROW with my mom. lol. ahhahah "quality" time. hah. weird.  xoxo alona
1	Yeah so in my mail today was a check from Sac County for jury duty. $107.30 w00t! its not really enough to make up for lost time but its good enought for now.  And im getting a refund for my taxes. well from the federal. The state i have to pay $10. wtf? oh well. Im getting something like 262.15 from the federal. Well it was 316 or something but im e-filing so i have to pay for that, plus im direct depositing so i have to pay for that. eh its more that i had before.  btw the gf did pass and is now waiting for a 20hr bus ride to virgina.
0	new estimated tsunami/quake death toll 44k  Its making me physically ill to read these stories now. So many children were killed in this. "They" say 1/3 to half of the victims were children. I keep seeing gut wrenching images of parents contorted over their drowned kids.   I think i need to avoid the news sites today ... im to damn empathetic. And it hits more home with a kid ... i cant begin to possibly fathom the amount of grief .. its times like this i just want to be numb. :(   I was going to post some xmas news up ... but i will have to wait till later.
1	For anyone who's unable to pick up Chris' album today or like me is waiting for it to arrive in their mailbox. VH1.com has  the whole album  up to listen to in streaming audio. Enjoy!
1	Here in good old Ellesmere Port it's decided to snow :)
0	Tada! I managed to get my perict pic for my user pic! That's me(R) and JJ(L)
1	Went to Dan's going away party on Friday. And while it was sad because he was leaving, there was a keg and a whole bunch of people I hadn't seen for a while there, so it was a fucking blast.  I'm very content right now. Happy. I really really needed to be single for a long time. It's just so much more freeing. Unless I'm head-over-heels about someone, I'm not going to be going out with anyone for a while. Because what's the point in dating someone who's mediocre for the simple fact that your lonely? Fuck that. I'm so done with fucking losers and idiots . I'm really having a great time now with my newly established life.   My job is decent enough, I have a fucking awesome car, and I have friends again.  Yeay me.
0	Well... I was playing Diablo II today... and I logged on with my level 71 hardcore paladin.  And I join a Baal run game... and I appear in act 1... so I head to act V... instead of going to the town, I head straight into the Worldstone keep... and after loading... I have about a second of watching my Paladin get hit and he dies.  Yup... my level 71 paladin... died in a lag bubble because the people in the game had lured a bunch of monsters to the waypoint.  I also lost my level 14 Sorceress that I made after the paladin died.  So I figured today wasn't a good day to play hardcore.  Thus I am sad.
1	I'm very excited today, and a little paranoid too. I'm not sure if i'm allowed to be excited yet.
1	We bought our tickets to Tokyo!  We're going in April.  Yay!
1	hi ppl!!! just came back from vacation!!! been gone for 5 weeks!!! its good to b back...but i miss NY and NJ sooo bad. well, ive had fun visiting my grandparents (not the most exiting place in the world, even tho u have to watch out for sleeping drivers :0 i visited my cousins and had a lot of fun visiting the city, that's NYC!!! I went everywhere, but my favorite, as usual, would be Little Italy, big surprise!!! The food at Little Italy is the best! then i went to DC, i saw the place where they print money, and they still print $2 bills!!! so i got one! i went to all the museums and stuff and had a really great time!!! talk to me for more details! peace!
1	WOW today was soo awesome!..i went to the Mid valley..Valley View game and we never won aganist then in lke 36 years haha ....WE WON!!! GO MV...now i dont get into this shit but that was awesome....and its my last year 2 :)  Anyways after that me,jess,britt,frankie,dustin,gina went to eat it was a goodtime....(i was so full) i seen my friend bill who i havent talked to in a while!  i also hurt my toe really bad on the side of the road :(  i got a job thank god!!....and i think im gettin my cell phone back tomarrow..  oh yeah and if anyone wants to buy Donuts let me know hahaha ;)  &lt;3 LEx
1	I'll write quick while my food's cookin'.  So tomorrow, leaving school at 1:00 with Ana, getting Jordan, going to Brookings. Leave Ana, Get Matt.... Go to St. Cloud..... pick up some kill... chill with Buck dawg and Fish all night..... Drive to Brookings. Pick up Christa. Go to Omaha. Show's at 8. Come back after show.  Thumbs up.  AND!!! I talked to Sarah just now.... I was going to get to see her, but now I'm not :( BUT... This summer she's going to come stay with me for as long as possible! Made me so happy. She's got some friends from a webboard in Aberdeen, so we're gonna go visit them too.  Other than that, Today was boring and long.  ok, I'm going to die if I don't eat. Bye.
1	Hello, my name is Hannah. I'm a Pretender-aholic.    AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! Ohhhhh my goodness!    Sorry. I had to express my excitement! This is the ONLY television show I've ever been addicted to in MY LIFE! And when NBC took it off the air, I didn't have cable. (Still don't actually, but now I'm in college. But no TV, so it still sucks... blah.)    Hooray for Pretender addicts!!!! :)
0	i am suffering from lack of confidence... elkei kinda said this joke and usually i dont take it to heart but it was real harsh...and FAY was really mean to me and even though she was joking..."there is truth to every joke"...so i am alil down   ...ick...i am just going to try and sleep it off so i feel better...cause i am feelin like shit...I HAVE NO FRIENDS!!!  ...tear  I am out  ADIOS
1	Yay! Thanks to the technicians of FH, BMN is officially up and running. BMN stands for Balamb Mobile Network, it basically allows you all to post on your own personal journals, or even on G.Square while away on missions or whatnot. If you're interested, ask the library attendants about renting a unit, but only rent one when you need it, we don't have that many to give out.
1	So i had to convert to the new CISCO URT system to get online now at the dorms and it sucks, but oh well im on now and thats all that matters. In a couple hours I will no longer be a Physics major, but a Music major, so there. Ive made my decision.  I also have 2 new roomates; Sam and Daniel, to replace Trent and Craig. Sorry to see em go, but these new guys rock. Must go do class stuff then call into work. Schedule available soon. Still on moms cell for those who care. Man, today is going to be hectic.
0	You know something?! Its not everyday that I walk alone and think 'what if i didn't exist? would everything be easier for them.' I'm tired of hurting people. I walked across the Kankakee bridge today and stopped in the middle of it. Something was just edging me on to jump. Why? I have no idea. i just tried to keep walking and to not think about it. Emotions tear me up inside. The only thing i can really do is cry. I just want a shoulder to cry on. I want someone to make the wrongs go right. I have to quit now. before i think of other things.
0	im so fat i keep eating healthy stuff but still way too much so far today ( i intedn to keep it at that except for coffe and green tea)  a whole eggplant -&gt; 250 ? just baked in the oven.  nothing on it.  no oil nothing 6 aspargus -&gt; 100 ? also just plain baked 1 thin slice of tofu -&gt; 50 ? 2 small strawberries -&gt;60 ? --------------------- 460 ?? i am not even sure  Obese :(  way too much f r u s t r a t i o n s
1	PIMPS & HOES DANCE AT SIGMA ALPHA EPISILON . . . I WAS A HO & I DANCED WITH A PIMPSTRESS . . . I MADE OUT WITH 3 GUYS   MARDI GRAS PARTY AT SIGMA CHI . . . I MADE OUT WITH 3 GUYS (ONE WAS AN ACQUAINTANCE, THE OTHER WAS THE ACQUAINTANCE'S BEST FRIEND, & SOME RANDOM GUY)
0	yeah...today was so fun.  between the lesbien moments (kidding of course) of johanna and tran, all the perversion, and joe and adam...fun times were had.  adam is on ozzy's side on all the bullshit thats happening.  atomic fudge sundae is all i gots to say bout margie's...so fucking great!!  hmm...didnt get hyper as expected today...instead sad...stupid adam and joe on the trip home...and that song is so fuckin great by wyclef...mona lisa.  its so fuckin catchy...but yes, i depart sayin...im not duschebag for not wantin to go to prom although the one has no date...i wanna go to dells...which she might be comin too
1	Oh i'm so excited i'm about to bite my toes!!!!!!! This, for me (minus i'm sure some dope ass garage a trois and skerik shows) is gonna be my jazz fest highlight.... If i don't get tix on saturday i'm gonna break my way into that show!!! or just cry for 2 months. :) I'm wondering if trey will be an oh so special guest since he's playing at the fairgrounds the next day. This was one thing that made me want to go to the ROO this year but now it's only 22$ to see em!!! can you tell i'm excited? as leslie says.. yayayayaayyayayayayayayayayayayayayaya
1	the boys are coming back to DC on August 9 with the Saw Doctors, who else is going?
1	ok everybody i just need to get this out!! valentines day was so aweomse this year!!!! i dont kno if i've ever been this happy before!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhh thank....... u kno who u are!!  
0	end of the week tomorrow.  Then The Mindless Few show and maybe Amesbury on Saturday.  Yeah, i know i said i should stay away, but its like a good drug:  Ya just gotta have more.  I gotta wear make-up for theatre class tomorrow...fucking wonderful....    I might be lost.  I might be lying dead on the side of some road, or in some alley, and not even realize it, living my life as though i didn't know anything happened.  But im finding contention here.  because he loves me, and he will always be where i need him.  -Over and out!
1	I probably won't be online tonight because my dad has to finish end of the month reports.  If you want to talk to me, just call my cell phone.  I may get a chance to scan stuff in, but thats about it.
1	I just love my friends.  Nick and Jenn came up this weekend.  And Nick is showering and Jenn is still passed out but I love them both.  It's so nice to see the people that I miss by not being home.  It's just a good feeling to know that they still think about you... just as much as you think and miss them!   We are going to another party tonight... because we went to one yesterday, and they are here for two days, came up Friday, not leaving until Sunday! Alright, well Nick is back, so I should continue the entertaining.    I miss the rest of you all too.  I'll be home for Easter, so give me a call! Bye bye!
0	You were such an amazing person  You touched everyone that you met.  You mean so much to all of us.  I know that you are looking down on us from above and can feel the love that everyone has for you  I miss you, you will always be in my heart  Open the gates for me when i get there.
1	AND AND AND....   i  did  whomp my design test's ass!  it's a B, but when you beat most of the people by like 20 points, that's considered whomping-its-ass in my book.
0	when i was really little, i would get sad a lot, and my mom would put on this song to make me feel better. it was this really calm, soothing type song, but i never knew what it meant because it was sung in irish gaelic. i found out the translation is just-  Life of lives Beginning to the end. We are alive Forever.  ...repeated.  how perfect.
1	Check it out... my upcoming adventure in Crete:   http://buten.net/max/Crete/samaria/inde x_samariagorge.html   (said in Teen Girl Squad voice) That sh*t is hella tight.
1	I have never been so anxious/grateful for a Spring Break in my life. Sure, in High School I knew it was coming and was like "hey, no school, more working and cartoons." but up til now in college (@ UNL, @ NCC it was a different story) I've been like "what? Spring Break is next week? Rock on." This semester I've been waiting for Spring Break to come for like a month.  True, for serious quote from the midterm I just BSed my way through: "He ruled relatively peacefully until Mexican revolutionaries remembered they didn't want a king and killed him while his wife was away."  On to the Gaiaing. -Peace- Lunnera
1	tru calling was great, i'm so glad it's back. i got really pissed when that dude hit harrison and took his fucking phone. harrison's phone, NOT yours. god i was SO pissed when that guy shot the detective TOO. i thought that tru was going to go to prison.. but whew she went way back. i'm such a loser.     x=boring   livejournal =  x 
1	So, Mr T. thinks I'm a leper. He put me in the corner today so I wouldn't "contaminate" any of his other students, haha!  I'm going back to school tonight to finish up my directed shoot assignment. I get to process my last roll of children at play. I'm sooo excited. The kids at the day care are too cute! I'm going to make some beeeautiful prints with the new paper I bought at Adray's this afternoon! Yay!  School was absolutely insane today! I loved it! I would write more but I have to get going!!  ~Toodles!
1	Hana (      tawathie   ) is back!   And despite never having seen  Numb3rs  she brings  the math and the science , including a beautiful picture of the Aurora over Mt. Rainier.  Larry and Charlie would be proud. ;)
0	Attention Crew:   It is with a heavy heart that I must inform you that       expendable_crew    has died tragically.  There was nothing I could do. He might have survived falling on the kitchen knife and catching on fire, but then   this happened   and it was all over.  I am sure we will remember Expendable Crewman fondly.  I know the Captain will have some inspirational words for us all.
1	Up early and still sick with the flu I dont have the energy for doing anything but surfing the net.....look what I found at  http://www.hookedonfelt.com   I am so glad that Suzanne is sharing some of her handspun yarns......yippie, I love her stuff.       take a look at her cool foam forms as well.....hmmmm....I feel a needlefelting binge coming on.
0	Well, rehearsel went well today.   Except for Sheep.  Right before the play started, it was decided that my Southern woman would be a drunk. Which is all good with me.   Everyone loved it. I was approached after the show and was told I was so funny, how I totally stole the scene and I was so convincing and not over the top.  Thing is, my best friend Kim is the main character. Kim feels that she sucks. Why? Because Sarah apperantly thinks she should have cast me in the main role instead of Kim. Kim cries and runs off after rehearsel.  I feel like shit.  What should I do?
1	 One of the best books on Photoshop . Have a look at the forum too !
1	Just a quick note to say YEAY  and  GO ENGLAND  I love football.
0	we drive tonight, and you are by my side. We're talking about our lives, like we've known each other forever. the time flies by, with the sound of your voice. its close to paradise, with the end surely near. if i could only stop the car and hold onto you, and never let go... i'll never let go. as we round the corner to your house you turned to me and said, "i'll be going through withdrawl of you for this one night we have spent." and, i want to speak these words but i guess i'll just bite my tongue, and accept "someday, somehow" as the words that we'll hang from.  and i... don't want to speak these words. cause i, don't want to make things anyworse.  why does tonite, have to end? why don't we hit restart, and pause it at our favorite parts. we'll skip the goodbyes. if i had it my way, i'd turn the car around and runaway, just you and i.  and i... don't want to speak these words. cause i, don't want to make things anyworse.
1	But before that happens, I need to pick a cover. And write a song, but that's beside the point. So help me pick a cover! Go  here  and vote!  Weather is awesome today!
1	Birthday month is very cool. I think birthdays should be celebrated on a monthly basis. This means it's compulsary to do something fun/new/exciting everyday for 31 days. That's a lot of fun!  Today I enjoyed some delicious lamingtons that were delivered right to my door by my fantastic housemate. This is known as pre-party party food. And it lasts for a month. :)
0	I know I said I would do add more  ask panik  on Saturday. I didn't have a chance...I'm a failure!! I know you will never for give me! I feel worse then the time I got picked last for kickball and ran behind the jungle gym to cry and be alone expect everyone followed me and just pointed and laughed. The more I think about it I don't feel worst then that day. Anyways, here is the  ask panik update .
1	I forgot to mention midterm grades:  Critical Thinking: 100% WOOOOOO History/Systems: A on Multiple Choice, A- on essay (what?!?!) I was completely shocked and very excited.  Bio Midterm today went very well. I'm guessing an A. YAY for me!   I also got stuff for Semester at Sea registration today. I should be taking English Journal Writing, Global Perspectives, and History of the Cold War. So that's cool..  Time to break  BREAK!
1	Nobody EVER send me flowers!  Thanks so much to those of you who did!  I am so happy.    Thank you!
0	I got a 62 on my midterm...I hate this class...why do I have to know how the news systems of other countries work? Luckily, my professor allows us to sign a "contract" where if we do one extra report and maintain a "C" average we get a "B," ain't I the lucky one...my average is 69.2 right now, so I guess all is not lost...I'm drowning my sorrows in a teenage-girl movie marathon...I rented Mean Girls and Sleepover...wanna come over and we'll braid each other's hair?
1	i'm bored, yes... school was cool today, i think? don't remember tooooo much of it. mouse trap car went 68feet, FUCK YES! 127% woot woot! my dad bought cat and the hat so i'm gonna watch that tonight! AWESOME movie, i'm excited.tomorrow is tuesday and we all know what that means... GIRLS NIGHT! and that makes me happy even though i'm already in a good mood, hehe. let the good times rolllllll.  ~it's not she's a tramp, it's not she's not pure... she just likes getting a fuck on and it's a good one of that i'm sure!
1	Oh yeah!!  Another Season of Gravion is here!!!!!  *grins*  More Eiji and Touga!!!!  *goes to watch it again*  !!!
0	i guess it is just written somewhere in my life that I will make people mad. No matter what i do..heh....
1	   i look like im from the 60's or 70's     awww..and kel's making fun of me :) i love her  thanks ashli for the pix..memories!   p.s. im working at hot topic tomorrow at 3:30pm...come visit me please..make my day go by faster!
0	Well, thank God we only have a day and a half left.  I don't think I'll cry on friday but I will at graduation.  Three semi-hard finals tomorrow.  Oh well.    I really like this kid and I know I shouldn't 'cause I'm an idiot.  Grrr.  Why do I have to pick the wrong ones.  Whatever.  I don't think he understands though.  We'll see, hopefully soon.  :(      I'm tired and I have to study and write a resume.  Goodnight moon.
1	Hello! :D Excellent. I've actually been looking for a community like this! :D So I joined.. And the most fantastic thing in the world is the fact that the white stripes dvd doesn't excist in my city. :/ Am I missing something not having it? Shall I order it from the internet, you think? :)
1	    "Hemi"    our new 7-wk old female Great Dane puppy...this dog will have a lot of love and a happy life!
0	i was really really happy today. i couldn't stop smiling and sat here folding laundry and singing along to music. some good times. then it came time to go to my basketball game.  no problem.  we had never lost a game and usually i came home feeling refreshed and pumped.  not today, not today. i was, and still am really pissed. to put my feelings into song lyrics...  It gets me real pissed off, it makes me wanna say, It gets me real pissed off and it makes me wanna say, It gets me real pissed off and it makes me wanna say, Fuck!  yeah. i just had to get that out. i actually went running after my game to blow off steam. i was just soo mad.  now i don't know what i'm going to do. i was supposed to be going out to eat, but that's not happening. i guess i'll just sit here and do laundry and stuff. i wanna rewind to last night. and just stay there.
1	so i thought it was an expression i've never had it happen to me my heart's as constant as they come but u've taken it on a wonderful ride to happiness n if it skips a few beats along the way well all the better to stare into ur eyes i was just completely melted to have that feeling dont look away hehe i would have held u in my arms the whole night n looked into ur eyes what stopped us? next time my sweetie
1	 ran across this movie, pretty interesting, click watch now links 
1	A random "hello" from a friend is like finding a five in the pocked of your jeans. Totally unexpected and awesome at the same time. Deep thought of the day.  So today I spent 15 dollars and washed MY ENTIRE WARDROBE. I went to "The Laundry Club" w/ steve and I just washed and cleaned everything...yes indeed. Now I'm working on cleaning the room and doing that fun shiznate. I need to start packing up my room so I can get ready to move. Only a few weeks left, and I'm getting wicked stoked.  I sound very new England in this entry. Whatev.  Um...I don't know what else.   Back to cleaning up my room!
0	Somebody remind me to call Leehom up one of these days and bitch him out like the asshole that he is for writing these songs. &gt;&lt;  It's amazing, the power of music. It really does surpass the power of words, doesn't it? You don't need to have any clue what a song is saying to really feel it if it's done properly.  I hate when things are done properly.  *sigh*   She tells me things will be much easier someday...   I hope he's well.
1	 Happy Birthday,  Tasy !!!!   (That's MamaLaz, for those who don't know, all three of you)  You're the  Draco  to my  Pansy ! The  Seamus  to my  Hermione ! Literally, of course! ;) And I love you lots and lots and lots and lots! Have a great one! *a million hugs*
1	       Xmortis presents,   Uber: A Gothic Formal Friday April 8th    It's time to  bring out your finest from the wardrobe...  Dance on a Grave.  Frolic like a  Fiend.  Bring a Date of the Damned.  DJ Chris Ewen &amp; Special Guest DJ  JavieR, Provide Morbid Melodies in the Cage.  DJ's Mothra &amp; Shivar  Supply the Industrial Revolution in the front.  We will be taking Gothic Prom  Photos in the Lounge with Photographer Randall Gale.    Doors at 9pm, $10,  19+    Strict Dress Code: Gothic Finest, Fetish Fabulous, Industrial Elegance,    Creative Attire Encouraged. MINIMUM All black no sneakers,   no brown  shoes ALL BLACK.    Manray  21 Brookline Street     A Gothic Formal Friday April 8th  $10, 19+ to enter ~ 21+ to drink Doors at 9:00pm  
1	  Simply love you people so much! =)       though i actually stressed myself up in the morn. ^__^;;      Thanx for the celebration~ XD realli lor, didnt expect so mani things to happen in jus one dae though i did suspect sth. XD TY nuer~ -huggles!-      was dragged ard the whole dae, being locked inside the classrm when im hugriee.T___T". den erm yar. totally surprised! XD haha. cried. =X totally touched. overjoyed and surprised. especially when 'he' is dere, holding the cake in his hands. XD       Thx for the cake. it's delicious. ^__^       hehe. recieved lots of prezzies and i simply LOVE dem all.! THANK YOU ALL~ ^___^ Love you all lots...!       erm yar. im facing one major prob now... where shld i place all the dollies? XD       hee. weeeee~ sweetness is back!&nbsp;love him lots. XD       *+.010205.2130.+*  
1	More pictures of me! Yippee!        Pics of grandad and me:          Either I'm sleeping or I'm boozing...          I enjoy playing...                 Me with my mom and my half-sister Heather...    
1	 I just finished watching  Open Water .&nbsp; Holy shit, that is one intense movie.&nbsp; Highly recommended. 
1	  Kenza just lost her tooth at my house!!!! We're having an awesome time here without you!!!! HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! we have yummy crab here to eat (from maryland)   AND   we're listening to ashlee simpson.     &nbsp;     I love angie!!!!!!&hearts;- kenza    &nbsp;     WE ARE BESTEST BUDDIES!!!!&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;=D  
1	Hey Jessica dear, dont be nervous at all cuz you are gonna rock the socks off all those SNU people. Or else, we are all going to HELL straight off, and YOU know all about it. OMG Jess you have pulled me into this crazy interpness. Well ne ways I really hope that jess does well at SNU, although I am really gonna miss her next year =( Things with Landon are still really odd, Katie says he likes me, but I really dont think so, hes just being nice cuz thats who he is. Well I have to get ready for school now. Mucho Love to all!!!   Terah
1	"Try To Remember" Jerry Orbach [from The Fantasticks]  Is this song from a movie? If so, which movie. Because it sounds like something I've heard before in a movie... Maybe I'm thinking of something else. I dont know.
0	I just finish watching espisodes 30-50 of PoT, and man I got to say Fuji and Ryoma look soo cute together. I can't wait to download the rest of the espisodes. Why couldn't people see how perfect they look together, instead of pairing Ryoma up with people like Sakuno and Momo?
1	Here is a little introdruction about this live journal. As some of you might know that I've already got an xanga as my diary but I just fancy to have a place especially for the dolls that I adore, Blythe, and I think here is just an ideal place for me to share some of the pics that I take. I like taking photos for them and I also like taking them with me everywhere I go as I might have a chance to take some of the nice photos for them. Anyway, here is a pic of all the blythe that I've got so far. Enjoy~      
0	Well, Aubrey is paralized from the waist down for life.  Mrs. Sanders should be in DC right now.  Nothing but bad news lately.  I need a vacation.  Not many quotes this week.  QUOTES OF THE WEEK:  "...Face to face for the last time in history with something commensurate to his capacity for wonder."  --The Great Gatsby  ABBY:  "You can't MAKE me do the cookarocha if I don't want to!"  GRISSOM:  "Let's have dinner." ABBY:  "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO."  MARYSA:  "Must have Llama!!!!"  GREG:  "99 bottles of beer on the wall, 99 bottles of beer... Swab one down, run it through CODUS, 98 bottles of beer on the wall..."
1	You know what honestly bothers me? Guys that are really smart but dumb themselves down for some reason that it unknown to me.  I just discovered this in World History yesterday because it's an HONORS class and nobody's STUPID but they continute to annoy the crap out of me anyway.  That was really cynical of me so just disregard it because I'm in a really good mood. Monica and I are carpooling for Natalia's thingie! YAY!  Now I just have to finish her present... :)  -Lara
1	Here I am..it's Thursday afternoon- doing what I do best- nothing.  I keep telling myself that I'm gonna start studying for the CPA and study as consistently as possible.  I don't know..I'm just not in the mood.  My mind is just in other places.  I know I will be forced to study as my class begins and when I will have to intensely cram for it the last 2 months.  ughhh!!    I'm really enjoying being single.  The phone bill is low and it's fun always doing what you want when you want to.  I still think of Janine from time to time.  Ya ya ..I know.  I guess that will never ever leave my heart.    Got GUSTER tickets for Radio City Music Hall- August 16th.  BOOOOOO YEAH!!!  So psyched..10th row!!  I'm gonna get going and do some exercising.  Peace out.
1	      wicked_wish    has started this meme and I hope all of you will keep it going.  Ganked from the Washington Post, of all places. Give me your life, in 100 words or less, any form of your choosing. Here's mine:  Born to a strange doctor in a place with a strange name. Movement was the theme of my early years. Lived 14 places before my third year. I had cats and dogs. I was happy.   Everything fell apart. Divorced ripped a hole in my existence.  Mother and I waved good-bye to the west.  We were Chicago girls, living with Mother’s parents.  I lacked friends. Mother lacked independence. Tennessee became our home. It changed us.   Mother found Bob. I found friends. We both found independence. After 16 years, school was left behind, almost.   I work designing for the university I attended.
1	The cons of Valentine's Day: 3. No gifts 2. No boyfriend, fiancée, husband  1. No sex  The pros of Valentine's Day: 3. Gifts 2. Boyfriend, fiancée, husband 1. Sex  One simply has to outweigh the other, doesn't it?  For those who one of these options apply to, consider yourself lucky. After all, there's always next year.  And merry V-day.
1	  Easter     Was excellent. Here are&nbsp;some examples of how awesome my family is:     1. There's a hand-written&nbsp;sign on my Grandma's front door that says "HARD OF HEARING! RING DOORBELL 3-4 TIMES OR KNOCK REALLY LOUD!" That made me laugh a lot.    2. When my mom asked my cousin how she was doing she replied, "Good! I'm on new meds!"     It's bittersweet to be back in the dorms. I get a little more freedom and get to be with Bob more. But I also have lots of work to do this week. And this beautiful weather is deterring me from doing it, big time! I love it, I just want to walk around outside. However, I hate the smell of manure that comes with the snow melting. I walked through some grass, and now my shoes reek! Ewww.    &nbsp; 
1	Could I please claim: Episode - Storm Before the Calm I and II Dustin's Saxophone Dustin's Motocross Bike Motodrone  Thanks :)
0	i just read that       crackerbob   's mom died.  dustin, you're in my thoughts and prayers *hugs*
1	Well mallory and i made up for a gay ass fight and now we are talking finally. lol But anyways she knows that i kind of like Bobby and she is asking him if he would ever go on a date with me but he is not on right now but i will find out very soon. And hopefully he will say yes. I already know that he can not have a girlfriend right now becuase he nonstop working and school is important and he knews that i cann't have a boyfriend right now because i just get out of a relationship like little over a month ago and i do not want to be hurt again. I am so afried of getting hurt right now and plus Bobby and i are friends and i do not want to hurt our friendship.
1	UH yeah im chillin with bowen cause he does'nt suck! besides that i just been kicking around looking for work and drinking and being very poor due to no money or job , thinking of schooling? besides that im good and shit and soon to probably be single so ya! anyways keep it cool email me if u want my number cause ishould of gave it out in the frist place anyways later peoples!~
1	1) I'm almost finished with my application for the college I'm dying to go to. 2) School this semester is refreshing, stimulating, and consistently uplifting. 3) I just had my year anniversary with my boyfriend, and we have never been better. 4) My house is a mess, but at least we all get along.  5) I just got a new kitten! 6) My job is finally starting to get busy again, helping the days go by faster. 7) I woke up early and refreshed this morning. 8) I've been practicing my bass. 9) I have a ton of groceries to try out new recipes with 10) I knitted a whole bunch last night.
1	Co-op job obtained.  Come January, I shall be employed by Health Canada, working on the Canadian Network for Public Health Intelligence.  Much with the awesome.
1	If you read this livejournal, even if I don't speak to you often, post a memory of me. it can be anything you want. it can be good or bad, just so long as it happened. then post this in your journal. see what people remember about you  please. 
1	i looooove stupid ignorant people who like to run their mouths.  it makes my life                                                                this much better.  &hearts;  the 'emo' kid.  BiGhEaDeDkItTy77: bitch please. you're so not emo. you're such a punk kid it hurts. ^hahahaha :-) she makes my life.
0	This is one of the days i find it difficult to smile.
0	So today the minute I got to work I found out that a really good friend of mine was shot in the head by his brother in-law, murder-suicide, he shot his wife, my friend and then killed himself. It was probably going to be the happiest day of his fuckin' life, he finally got custody of his 2 yrs old daughter on Saturday and was going to celebrate her second b-day yesterday, but instead his crazy fucked up brother in-law goes ahead and kills him! ARGH! I hate people. Shitty thing is, is that Kelly didn't have any insurance, so in which case there is no money for a funeral, but once again my work pulls though, we are going to be donating money in order for him to have a proper funeral.  So pretty much the rest of my week will suck, well hopefully not, but seriously how do you get this off of your mind?!!? you can't!
1	              Heavenly Cloud    Congratulations! You scored 20 CuddlePoints out of 22!         Cuddling with you, is like sleeping on a cloud... it doesnt get ANY better than that... You are the BEST Cuddler there is, and there isn't anyone (well... except maybe the Stone Slab) who wouldn't want to cuddle with you! In fact... Wanna come cuddle                             My test tracked 1 variable How you compared to other people  your age and gender :                   You scored higher than  93%  on  cuddlepoints                  Link:  The Cuddlability Test  written by    on  Ok Cupid      
0	Unsure if I'll be able to get my book signed tomorrow.  Only the first 200 people in line get a bracelet to return in the evening for the book signing.  The store will start handing them out @ 9am when the store opens, but anticipate many people already in line.  I wouldn't be able to show until 9 am.  *sniff*
1	I've been thinking about places I want to live in the future a lot lately.  So maybe if I write them down (on livejournal) it will be more concrete (as concrete as livejournal can be ahah).  Maybe then I will BE more and think less.  -Iceland (3 months) -San Fransisco (who knows how long) -London (hopefully spring semester '06) -Hawaii (1 month) -Colorado because i love it more than anything -Arizona (1 month) -Hong Kong (1 month) -Australia (???)  ok.  sooo everyone: don't let me settle for life.  Don't let me be content, if i ever forget this remind me of the dreams i once had to experience life.  Not only with traveling, LIFE in general.  A good friend once said to me that traveling is good, but you can meet amazing people anywhere whether it was a neighbor or someone in another country.  Same thing for experiencing life, because in reality, life never stops.  So why should I stop pursuing it?
1	Thank you to everyone who was sweet and wished me a happy birthday.  I really appreciate it.  xoxox
0	 I blame you for the moonlit sky  and the dream that died with the eagle's flight,    I blame you for the moonlit night  when I wonder why are the seas still dry?    Don't blame this sleeping satellite.   The single biggest mistake human beings tend to make is to blame. To find scapegoats. Victims, accused, culprits.  Dear everyone, and that includes me, please always remember that everyone makes mistakes. Looking back isn't futile, but it must not be overdone. You have to look at the present. The future. The possibilities, and the potential.  P.S.: Thanks Molde.
1	Today I went with Kensuke Kitty and Danruk to the movies. We chose to see Sin City. Originally we were going to see the movie Robots, but changed our minds. Good thing too, since Sin City was really awesome.   In the movie a cop named John Harrington tries to save a kidnapped little girl from the clutches of the mayor's crazy evi son. Also Marv a really tough ugly thug, goes out to seek revenge against the ones who killed his love Goldie. And finally there is Dwight, a man who accidentally kills a cop in the bad side of town, and has to cover it up before a big war erupts between the girls who control old towne and the police and mob bosses erupts.  This movie had lots of gore, scantily clad women, and action than you could want. The movie, filmed in black and white, gives a look that resembles the graphic novels by Frank Miller of the same name, plus the story telling in the film was excellent. A great film, a must see! Two paws up! ^.^/\/
0	and on the third day i feel like a bum with no job. this sucks cause i don't want to work i just have too.
1	So I just talked to my mom for the first time in a couple weeks, and we decided on the spur of the moment that I should go home for Mother's Day.  She's buying me a plane ticket, since I can't exactly afford my own at the moment.  I'm so excited!  I'm gonna get to see her side of the family for the first time in more than a year.  Yeah, I guess the last time was Christmas 2003.  Wow.  I only wish I were gonna see Randy & Sharon, too.  I haven't seen them since I left Aspen, 'cause they live out in Colorado.  Although, come to think of it, that's only a couple months longer than it's been for everybody else.
1	Whoa I’m in the process if making a huge decision right now. Anyone have any info for me about passports?  Also I think I would like to get some first aid training.
0	So, it's decided. I'm not going to be a dark-blue for at least another three months. Stupid ankle. I decided this earlier this afternoon when I tried to lightly jog across the street to meet my ride and I ended up limping for about 20 minutes. Not a great sign. It's really irritating, since this is the first grading where I could have graded, but I'm not. very annoying.  On the plus side, I thought that if I didn't grade now, I wouldn't be able to until December, which mathematically eliminates the possibility of me getting brown by the end of my fourth year, which was kind of a goal for me. However, I discovered today that the September isn't until the 26th, and that gives me the next few months to train, as well as a couple weeks after I get back from New Zealand to refresh before testing. this is good. I might get to brown after all.  maybe.
0	BHF is over... :(  good times....  meet some WCSers.. the gymnasts.. wicked nice kids  didnt even feel like BH.. then it was over.. sucks...  ate like.. a hundred cookies over the weekend...  racing steve to change quicker  matt and haley... soooo cute.. love them (blake fallowing us. EVERYWHERE)  Bowling after friday nights show... (used 11 lanes.. at like 5-7 a lane)  girls night at cats.. up late w/ cat nikki and mallory  see yall next year...    Boars Head Festival *05
0	I'll be in Worcester tonight with no plans.  Anyone think of something?  Wanna catch coffee?
0	Everytime  by Britney Spears   Notice me, take my hand  Why are we strangers when  Our love is strong  Why carry on without me   Everytime I try to fly, I fall  Without my wings, I feel so small  I guess I need you, baby  And everytime I see you in my dreams  I see your face, it's haunting me  I guess I need you, baby   I make believe that you are here  It's the only way I see clear  What have I done  You seem to move on easy   And everytime I try to fly, I fall  Without my wings, I feel so small  I guess I need you, baby  And everytime I see you in my dreams  I see your face, you're haunting me  I guess I need you, baby   I may have made it rain  Please forgive me  My weakness caused you pain  And this song's my sorry   At night I pray  That soon your face will fade away   And everytime I try to fly, I fall  Without my wings, I feel so small  I guess I need you, baby  And everytime I see you in my dreams  I see your face, you're haunting me  I guess I need you, baby
1	Did anyone else watch this mini series.  It was on tonight, part one anyway.  I just got to say it was awesome!!  The special effects for a tv show was incredibly!!  The conclusion tomorrow night looks earth shattering too.
0	ive been in a really bad mood the past couple days, ive been feeling really lonely lately yet theres no one i want to see and when im out i want to be alone. hmmm stupid non functioning brains. grrrr i need a change...a big change anyone wanna move to alaska?
0	you know...im sittin here in this house thinkin, sometimes i wish things were different with family and all. I remember the days where families would get together and have an awesome time without a fight or a yelling match! now...all i do is sit here and listen to people fight all day and complain on how they wished they were either not here or dead! it fuckin sucks and im tired of it. ALL OF IT! Kids are up all night long around here becuz of lack of bein able to get a good nights rest for school the next day and then not bein able to get up when its time! I feel bad for the two young ones becuz theyve had to live like this for it seems like ever! when will it all end?!?! Not soon enough!
0	Nothing worked out the way we wanted. Without telling anyone in advance, they only let one building in East do pullins. Now there are no singles left anywhere in east. The castle is gone... I'm going to get stuck with fucking freshmen.   NOT FAIR     And Alana and Allie are together in a building next to Kate, Latifa and Lisa-Lee.    And I'm going to be alone with freshmen meaning that I will have even FEWER friends than I currently do. Hurray for me...   Though I guess I shouldn't complain since Giancarlo is in the same situation only with a worse number.     I was so excited yesterday and everything just went to shit. AND I'm going to fail my American Govt midterm because I spent all day trying to figure out what to do with housing! Yay!  I'll update when I've got my room... *sigh*
1	Wow!  I didn't even have my laptop on eBay for 3 hours, and it already sold. The person used the "Buy It Now!" option for $650.00.  Excellent :-)
0	  AINT HE PURTY!!?!?!? Sigh.. too bad about what happened to him at the end of Kingdom Hearts..
1	Just got home after working a nice 4 hour shift. Something was messed up with the schedule so i got called it, Ian made it worth my while though, by giving me an extra 20 bucks on top of the hourly pay...not a bad deal if i do say so myself.  Earlier this evening we finally had our whole family birthday dinner, with naythan, katya, tom, sara, and my grandma. it was good, its like my birthday is a week long occation. I still have my portable music device coming sometime sooon! w00t!  I have to say that this is been the best birthday week EVER! YES!! and on top of that, i finally got a SWORD!! sooooooo good.   aight, thats it for now. :D
1	So at any rate, my life is pretty uninteresting or interesting depending on whose perspective you look at it from.  My NCAA bracket picks feel horrendous given how many I've missed, but I'm still in the 83rd percentile on ESPN.com because everybody is doing awfully this year.  I guess it's been fairly exciting.  This week, I missed the OC because I had to play in a football game for my fraternity.  I bought an incredibly awesome plaid blazer.  My chemistry professor is boring.  I'm busy constantly.  Honor and radio obligations are both increasing along with pledging stuff.  My life is awesome, and I'm having an awesome time.
1	Alright, so, in not being able to go out and party it up that much, I have discovered 2 new television OBSESSIONS. I am in love with the show "Dead Famous" (in this show a sceptic and a sensitive along w/ psychics etc, go look for famous peoples' ghosts etc/other haunted locations, kick ass!I have also developed a crush on the "sensitive" hottie hotness!), and I am also hooked on "Celebrity Poker". I've never played poker, and I have no idea how to play, it's just so entertaining to watch!After watching I just really want to play any card game. Go Fish anyone? I think I will have to learn poker now.  I plan on having a slow wk. The biggest looking forward to events r; 1-Getting my hair done 2-First knitting lesson from G-ma 3- A day/night out w/ my 2 fellow amigos! 4- A possible shopping trip? perhaps ikea is in order??? Hmmm 5- A sure fun night w/ Ms Edge, and an equally fun 3some with those crazy guys ..Ben and Jerry.... so many flavours,think of the possibilites!!!
1	I made a Quiz for you!  Take my Quiz!  and then  Check out the Scoreboard!        &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    50 cent is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator         yea it is!
1	I've been listening to Crowded House pretty much the entire day.  I've always known their s/t album was good, but in the last two days, it's become just fucking brilliant.  Especially "World Where You Live," "Don't Dream It's Over," and "Love You 'Til The Day I Die."  Brilliant, everything.  Sheer pop goodness (with a light 80s touch).   EDIT:  "Now We're Getting Somewhere," too.  This track's music is excellent.
1	FINALLY GOING TO NEW YORK CITY.....after visiting my cousin in NY for 10 plus years im finally going into the city..IM SOOO EXCITED!!!!!  ill be back on wednesday later gators  ~ATM
1	The Burnt Almond Cake from Peter's bakery is better than the Burnt Almond Cake from Dick's.  Dick is famous for this particular cake but he and Peter are brothers so I'm assuming that it's some kind of family recipe.  Anyhow, Peter's is a little sweeter and a little more frosting-licious, if ya feel me.  I'm enjoying a piece right now.
0	Hi to anyone out there who might be reading this...  merot... i think you must the first one reading this... ha..  so sickening i must get ready for work soon when the clock strike 11am! and my work time is 3pm.! u all know the reason why?!? cause i had to let my hair dry "naturally" cause i hate to use the hair dryer!... ha ... silly me who don't know how to appreciate the inventions created by our forefathers!...  hey merot, actually me a bit disappoint that when you all cannot meet me on my birthday in the afternoon... LOL ... haiz ... maybe juzt another boring birthday. anyway me cant force you all to take leave just because its my birthday  .... haiz. this is the first time i receive so many "bookings" on my birthday! ha ha .. i had to plan backward like from friday(actual) then thurs etc. and me keep the actual day for u all! ha ...  and oso friend! .. this is the first time i heard that u ask a birthday girl to buy her own cake! ...
1	Hey hey hey, about time i got a Live journal. First of all i want to thank Christina for giving me the code, because without that code and her you wouldn't be reading this wonderful journal you see infront of your eyes. Also i want to thank my bebe daddy for being the best bebe daddy ever. And of course i want to thank all my family especially my mom and dad, becuase without i wouln't have been born. And last but not least.. I would like to thank you guys, my fans, because of you i made it this far, and i will never forget it.....Thank you
0	man theres nothing to do... hmm...im so confused... i hate being alone!... i think thats the reason ive been depressed these past days... god it hurts so bad... :( o well... hmm... this week is spirit week... yeaaa... *rolls eyes* i just cant wait for famous duo day... me and liz are gonna dress up like invader zim... shes gonna be zim and ima be gir its gonna be fun....well peace out
1	 **The second night in  my   our  new flat!  It's really a nice feeling to have a place of your very own.  A place that's not your family's or just a dorm room at school.  It's even nicer to share that place with someone you really care about.**    ::smiles as she runs her hand over the soft velvet fabric of the sofa::   **That was very sweet of mum to send the sofa, table & chairs this afternoon. I hope that Ian likes them.  We really did need a table, especially since I'm still having to work at home.  I hope Dylan will feel comfortable enough to let us go back to the office soon.  I don't mind doing the work at home, but I do miss seeing him and listening to all of his creative ideas.   It's almost time for the music shop to close.  Ian should be home soon.  Home.  I like the sound of that.** 
1	Just had a look on Jode her LJ and she made this fantastic icons! I took one and I'm using it right now! It's the Beatles. Love the icons very much.  Thanks Jodie :D  For more great icons visited Jode's LJ &gt;&gt;       mrsbellamy     love to you all xxx
1	 Happy birthday! Enjoy everything! Eat cake! Or Ice cream. Both! Make a mess with wrapping paper! Tickle Liz's neck - she's not allowed to hit you for it today! =D
0	I can feel it ending. I can feel everything around me dying. I've been hit so hard and I can't get myself back up. I'm holding on to a thread of hope. It's all coming down. I want to be alone when I burn.  -Fox
1	well its been a few days since i update sooo....im really happy that FCAT is over cuz it sucks ass!! and i was pissed we didnt get half days like everyone else but oohh well!  soo today im goin to orlando with derek... we are goin to Ron Jons and Bass Pro Shop and then to Orlando mall!! heck yes!! im gittin a new bathing suit! for the beach over spring break!!! i cant wait till spring break!! i need a break from school! it stresses me out!   ooo and there was a fight at school yesterday... i didnt see it but from what i hear chris collins got beat up pretty bad! i feel bad for him, his soo cool  well i better go start gettin ready to go to orlando!  tell me how ur week at school was and all u did or are doin this weekend!!    *~*LoVeS*~*
1	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!  I got an A on the final! Sure, I'm not in the class... and it doesn't do shit for my GPA... but it's still cool! Wheeeeeeeee!!! 
1	New Live journal Adrianduh ^Add it if i havent added you yet..
1	Oh my god i just talk to TOOD LEGESD the most fames person in ice sazget to day. WOW. WOW.!!!!  I can't bive that I just talk to tood legege. I don't know what to do or what to thank. Wow.  My mom was there and my dad work at the save senter. and she then sacking. and she meet them sock his head and talk to hem and then harded her sell phone to me and I talk to tood legesd. Wow.   That is so cool.   Love, Kinkis
1	Job interview today!!! I might be working at a plant shop!!!!! *glee, joy, etc*
1	*bounces around* I got cooooooooooookkkkkkkiiiieeeeessss!!!!!!    She's   Nice! *glomps* I loff her soooo muuuuucccchhhh!   I hope She   Will be my friend Now!!!!   WHEEEEEEE! I will make  her  Brownies Now!!!!   *bounces off*
1	  yooo      not got much stuff to say to update but il try my best...      yesterday i went into town with william...i was plannin on gettin jeans nd sumthin extra like a cd, but jst got a cd (Feeder)...i got excited cos i thot i saw a nice pair of jeans for £25 but then i realised it was for the feckin belt....ummm wat else *alan thinks*....i walked in front of william at one point...sed "they jeans look nice"..looked round nd it was sum old guy, he was wearin red jst like william so u can c y i got mixed up!.. he coulda replied by sayin "oh aye they do look nice!" but he ignored me nd walked off thinkin i was a weirdo :cD.      2day! had a computin exam, went well i think so im happy! and thats all i can say :cS............2moro ive got art written and wednesday iv got art practical.....jst incase any1 was interested lol.      Ciò me è ha finito      take care ppl ;c) x x x  
1	REGGIE AND THE FULL EFFECT!!  amazing.   new found glory and eisley not so much...
1	OMG !! R.O.D. *Read or Die* is going to be on Adult Swim starting Oct. 23!!!!!! Freaking A! ~Some1
1	   i missed having a journal a lot and i forgot my password to my old one so i made a new one. so yeah i just got off the phone with emmalee. her birthday is in 10 days so dont forget to wish her a happy 15th. today is matts birthday.. i like have never talked to the kid before.. well i have but not really. so happy birhtday matt. anyway. i dont know what else to write nothing that eventful has happened in that past week or so.. so theres not a lot to write about. school suck.. just like the yankees.. RedSox in the world seires =) hell yeah.. well i guess thats all i have to go like read a long story for english.. and study forever.. then go to band =P haha        &nbsp;i love you tyler    
1	And the other here! ^.^:::: This is my absolute favourite picture of me.. The icon-making thing blurred it up a tiny bit but it's still really pretety.
1	Actually it is a good morning, I was home alone last night and will be for the enxt 2 nights, it actually is kinda fun. But I got my morning off to a great start. I thought I heard the phone do a one ring thing, but it didnt and it turned out the phone call I was actually trying to return, made me very happy to hear. Very pleasent voice... I love you... I miss you... I am sorry... I am just scared... and hurt... but I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.  -Joseph
1	24:00-01:00  Welle: Erdball - Cyber Space Sneaky Bat Machine - Disco For The Dead Soft Cell - Tainted Love Depeche Mode - Enjoy The Silence The Cure - The Walk Cabaret Voltaire - Why Kill Time (when you can kill yourself) Killing Joke - Love Like Blood The Cult - She Sells Sanctuary The Sisters Of Mercy - Lucretia The Mission - Wasteland Skinny Puppy - Assimilate Covenant - Dead Stars VNV Nation - Legion (janus)
1	Word Count: Must be  at least  100 words, but there's no limit for the maximum count. Setting: Residence of a parent/guardian Topic: Childhood Innocence  .::.  I know the topic is more vague than challenges previous to this, but I expect that'll leave more room for interpretation by each author. Let me know if you like it this way or not, and I'll take that under consideration for next week. Have at it! :)  -Bess
0	Im really getting fucking sick of most fucking people....Damn...people are so shady....I guess dave and I just fucking smell....I'm sorry it would be so fucking aweful to hang out with us.     Yes, this is gay to be on lj....but fuck it, who do I have to impress...Its gay that the only way I hear from people is on here. So I guess this is the only way my so called friends can hear from me.
1	   As the official Ham and Chicken Fangirl, it is my sacred and honorable duty to shamelessly promote them whenever possible.
1	 got some new pics.. although i dont really know alotta ppl on LJ. But if n e of the ppl from NH wanna check em out..     &lt; me and my baby    &nbsp;            hes retarded sometimes     randy, tia, n ciara     &lt; me being cool     &nbsp;and once again.. me=cool     cheryce n me pissed off     and happy     &lt;haha robbys waiting for a hitch outa school     &lt;&lt;EMO!     &lt; eww     &lt; i love these kids     &nbsp;LAUREN!! i love her too     &lt;Lexie n kenny (hes chewin.. and not food. ew)         ^kelsey feeling my fone.. HmMm     &lt; EFFING BEAUTIFUL!     &lt; my bro... sucha dork 
0	Holly and I broke up, and I feel like shit.  I guess I won't be feeling like my old self anytime soon.  Right now I just need time to myself, I am just so stressed out and depressed.  Holly and I will still be friends.  I promised her that no matter what happens I'll always be there for her and I'll always care for her.  That is a promise I can keep.
1	Quick update! Joe Delgato (owner of Lincoln Park) called me back! He said that I can go into Lincoln Park at my own risk as much as I want. Also, the coaster guy I was talking to before that lives on the thrid floor of my building came down and we talked for a good hour or so. He's a really nice guy and soon a bunch of his friends, him, and I hopefully will head over there. Yey!  more later  -Live Long and Prosper
0	as for the first 10 or 12 years of my life: they might as well have been 1000.   since then, every year gets shorter and shorter.   how could this happen? when i was younger i didn't know what from what, but not understanding is most of the fun. also, i wasn't a jerk.  SO TIRED; i've been traipsing around in the weather all day. this time of year is so nice in some ways and so disheartening in others; for instance, from now on i won't be warm enough for another 6 or 7 months.  -lauren
1	today is going to be one hell of a day. i have an exam but that is okay because tonight is going to be great!!!      happy valentines day all! hope you get to spend it with someone special!
1	Here is the Ultrasound Picture we had done at 9 weeks 5 days. We are now 14 weeks along :-0     Tomorrow I go to the Dr for my second prenatal appointment.. can't wait!! I will have more to type about tomorrow when I come back.
1	Dear Diary,  Diaries are so hot right now Diary.  Not only do regular folk like myself confide in you but now rock stars, pseudo-celebrities, politicians and big time CEO's of Fortune 500 companies tell you their most inner most, most darkest secrets.  You may have felt neglected this last week Diary, but there's good reason for that.  And that reason is...alright, I got careless and put myself first.  Diary do you forgive me?  Have I done wrong by you?  Diary I bet you wonder why I never jot down anything of importance to you, huh?  While diaries are hot so are secrets.  Secrets are SO HOT right now.  Well Diary, I've got to get going.  I miss you.  Do you think about me when I'm not around?  Actually, don't tell me.  I don't want to know.  Peace Out, Me
1	I won a freakin' DVD player...wow.  Did not see that coming Thanks Emilie!
1	so, i started school yesterday.... i was not extremly happy yesterday because of its sudden arrival after having one such an awesome week before, but for some reason, today i came excitied for this semester. excited with a goal to get straight a's. even with a schedule that seems at first to rival death himself.. or something. 8-5 monday 8:30am-10pm tuesday 8-2 wednesday and 8:30 am to 9pm thursday. so i do have a break from 2-6pm t/th and i was scared crapless for a 4 hour physics class 6-10pm but it happens to be my favorite class so far. does that make me a bad person? a year and a half ago i'd say yes and then punch...i guess myself....
1	But I have good news!  I got my period today.  Yes, it sucks to get it right before/during NERO but I'm glad I got it at all.  As for the weird girly issues, I'll be going to the gyno at the end of April.  Thanks to everyone who helped me through the long 2.5 months. :)
1	WOOOHOOOOOO breaks on bitches and hoes!!!!  i think today im hanging out with rach and cait, that will be delightful i havnt hung out with rach since....october-wow   i unbutton david regan in class.   i do wish one thing, that i oculd GAURENTEE this break will be stress free.  hmmmm i cant seem to do that though at this point.  LIFETIME FITNESS JOB INTERVIEW TOMORROW AT 12:30, WISH ME LUCK!
1	I, for one, am very happy with the fact that Quidditch will be starting back up again.  Even though I'm not physically participating, at least it'll keep Oliver busy and out of my hair.  (Just kidding, Oli.)  It's actually been the opposite, recently.   I've  been the one getting back to the flat late and having to creep in so as not to wake him up.      At least I haven't had any unexpected visits from Umbridge recently.  Derek was unfortunate enough to experience that a few weeks ago.    Is anyone up for accompanying me to a match this weekend?  And by that I mean Quidditch.  I need to be back in that atmosphere again.  It's been too long.
0	Text from Charlie on my phone this morning:  'Wow!  Possibly our best gig yet!'  Grr.  Virgin trains should be poked repeatedly with a very pointy stick.
1	A woman is often measured by the things she cannot control.  She is measured by the way her body curves or doesnt curve, by where she is flat or straight or round. She is measured by 36-24-36 and inches and ages and numbers, by all the outside things that dont ever add up to who she is on the inside.  And so if a woman is to be measured, let her be measured by the things she can control, by who she is and who she is trying to become.  Because as everyone knows, measurements are only statistics. And statistics lie!
0	Voting begins for the  TWO HUNDRED TERRIER CHALLENGE!    Voting will be open until October 16.    Animal Explosion in Potions [PG-13]  by       emcue      Checkerboard [PG]  by       gala_apples      The Protector [G]  by       primavera8180     Since all posts are rated PG-13 or below, voting will be open to the public.  Comment as follows:  First place: (title of story) Second place: (title of story) Third place: (title of story)  All comments are screened on this entry, so your votes will not be seen by anyone.  Please DO vote!  Thank you.
0	I miss cabo. I didn't have to worry about anything. It's amazing how disappointed and hurt you can suddenly become. You can seriously become crushed within a matter of seconds. The worst feeling ever is when your hard work, time and effort could possibly mean nothing. But if it does infact mean something, it's worth all of the time and some. Only time will tell, but this situation sucks.
0	this is my last at southern, forever, i'm not coming back, it makes me sad:(  i really like it here, it is just so expensive and i can pursue the same major at home for cheaper; why does adventist education have to be so damn expensive.  my brother is coming back next year, so i guess i will still be able to come and visit:)  i'm going to miss everyone so much, especially my best friend/roomy:(  so, i guess it's back to freezing michigan to start life over, again.   now that i've depressed myself................  time to watch a happy movie, or star trek (that always makes me feel better)
1	Corradus and Wolf were ganging up on me tonight... NO FAIR!  Glad we all got a good laugh out of it though :)  Anywho.  Reason for this post: I'm going to see Polar Express in the 3D theater in Boston on Friday afternoon.  That also means SHOPPING.  With money I don't have to shop with, but nonetheless I can't pass up an afternoon in Boston with the girls.  It'll be nice to see them again.  I miss them.  Meatballs on Saturday with Feather and the Krisinator??  Awesome!  Ok, night.
0	every single day the world get's bigger! people get wiser, the young grow older, the week get stronger, the ugly become beautifel, in every single  way, relationships become more then a fling! what is the purpose of life? everything just changes!
0	Headline from yesterday's  Independent  (the 'quality' press):   If there was a terrorist attack on Britain, who would get the blame?   Weep for the slow, painful death of the subjunctive mood...
1	WOW! Some GOOD news! I FINALLY, after a VERY long time have found exactly where in the Californa Vehicle Code, it says that undercar lighting is legal. And I am SO printing it and keeping it in my car. And I've even got the code that CHP officers misinterperet all the time and what it really means.  ...of course I have to get some money again before I can actually put this knowledge to use, but it's nice to have some ... light *snicker* at the end of the tunnel.  And on the subject of cars, I got mine airborne for the first time today... interesting sensation.
0	  R.I.P. Johnny Carson     You were one funny man!&nbsp;The Tonight Show might be&nbsp;hosted by Jay Leno, but you  WERE  The Tonight Show. &nbsp;You will be missed by all...  
1	EXAMS ARE DONE! For a while I was beginning to think that this day would not come, but it has! YESSSS...so right now i'm researching where the nearest johnny rockets is. I'm fairly sure that its in great lakes crossing.  thats too far! (and their food court is NOT the size of utah by the way, maybe like vermont...anyone else recall those commercials?) I need my ketchup in the shape of a happy face NOW!  My plans for this weekend are:  1. no use of brain  2. watch tv  3. see a movie  4. hang out with friends  5. drink jones soda  6. attempt to visit johnny rocket 
1	 Less than 15 more days until  Once More With Feeling  is released in the US!                          
1	 I'M EXCITED!! FWEEE!!!!!   I FOUND THE PERMIT APPLICATIONS FOR THE EASTERN INDIGOS!! WOOT! (all thanx to teh Amazing Nikki!!) THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!! YAY!!  
1	    oi, anybody about? it's friday, there ought to be some prowling round this place. What are you lads up for?
0	WHAT THE HELL AM I DOING? That sentence can stand for everything in life right now...what the hell am I doing in life? what the hell am I doing in graphic imagining (photoshop) what the hell am I doing? I dunno I'm quite lost I feel scared, sad, confused and overwhelmed... Life is scary and I don't want to know what is going to happen next... Now I have to get back to school stuff...thats scary too :(    Her feelings she hides. Her dreams she can't find. She's losing her mind. She's fallen behind. She can't find her place. She's losing her faith. She's fallen from grace. She's all over the place.  She wants to go home, but nobody's home. It's where she lies, broken inside. With no place to go, no place to go to dry her eyes. Broken inside.  She's lost inside, lost inside... She's lost inside, lost inside...  I'm lost inside :'(
1	Week beginning February 10  Copyright 2005 by Rob Brezsny    http://www.freewillastrology.com    ARIES (March 21-April 19): Happy Valentine Daze, Aries! During my quest   for the advice that might be most helpful to your love life, I gathered the   following words of wisdom. 1. "There is always some madness in love. But   there is also always some reason in madness." -Friedrich Nietzsche. 2.   "Love is not about losing freedom; it's about sharing freedom with a   partner who's as talented a liberationist as you." -my friend Sarah. 3. "I   hunger for your sleek laugh and your hands the color of a furious harvest.   I want to eat the sunbeams flaring in your beauty." -Pablo Neruda
1	Amendment to my last post.  It's not 1 Dkr. It's over 6000. That'll teach me to read all the paper.  We're rich!
1	Party at my house tomorrow night (Tuesday) some time after 7ish...  You better all be there because I miss you and love you and can't wait to see you.  7 Countryside Lane (Wentworth Acres).  Call me. (603)387-6222.  Amy ;)
1	Jenn's comin up here tomorrow then saturday we're going to the bright eyes concert! i'm excited this is gonna be a super fun weekend.  Her coming here has forced me to clean my room which is good, cause a clean room will make my environment nicer, thus making me feel nicer...or so i think anyways.  but yeah this semester is starting off swell...except for that losing my math book thingy.  still trying to figure things out for the future, does anyone have any idea about what i would be good at?
0	 Another Sad Song - Joey Kim Nguyen (2005.02.14)   The old jukebox plays yet Another sad love song Here in this lonely place I've come to ease my heart.  I know I shouldn't care. It's just a passing thing, I try to tell myself, And I lie to myself.  Since when did those days go; When you still cared about All those small, little things, And we were still happy?  But nothing's the same now. This falling out hurts more Than anything I know; This distance grows wider.  Whisper that you still care, And pick up the pieces Of my broken heart that Scatter the ground, lifeless.       More   of my poems.
0	  You Are Kip!      Which Napoleon Dynamite Character Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	I finally took the plunge, and bought in to a new hobby. R/C car racing. I'm starting out with a HPI RS4 RTR (ready to run) kit, hoping to add hop-up parts to it as I go, and maybe eventually get a from-scratch kit later on. Going to have to find a place or a club to join that does nitro racing, but I don't think that'll be too hard.  Opening of the box:  Pic 1   Pic 2 
0	not gonna be able to make it to eat3, or psm, or any poker nights/bbqs thereafter =/
1	SUPER BOWL CHAMPS YET AGAIN..whos going to the parade w/ me?? ~ATM
1	today was pretty kickin' actually.... i mean nothing really happend that was like MEGA WEIRD EXCITINGO but i mean it was pretty tight my new hat got me the name of grettle from like half the world but eh i just know never to wear it again....
0	 12" - 14" base  17 - 34 Degrees F  86 Runs  ----------------------  Mammoth Mountain
1	My LJ is mostly friends only now @_@. I'll add you most likely if you add me X) It isn't all friends only, but the majority. =P If you aren't on my friends list/were removed, it's nothing personal, there's just some entries I don't feel comfortable that you read ^_^; Anyway...reply to this post if you add me, because it's kinda hard to tell now @@
0	 http://www.knoxnews.com/kns/local_n ews/article/0,1406,KNS_347_3584085,00.ht ml   Continuation of the fire story...
1	I've just visited Star Wars.com and they say a trailer is already available for a few hyperspace members. I am a Star Wars fan and I feel really curious and I am definitely looking forward to downloading that trailer.
1	Well today was daddys birthday I slept till 3, when i was woken by barking dogs...  I would have slept later Then I just sat around the house, mainly in my room, then i took a shower, and we went to dinner for daddys birthday Then everyone was supose to come over at 830 for cake but they didnt show up like like quarter after 9, aunt lisa came even later...  but i left at 920. I met up with Ryan and we walked all over floral park.  I had so much fun.  I always have fun with him...  we walked and just talked from 920 to 11. we talked about everything, and anything...  we had a snowball fight, and a draw, i beat him up, and he ran.  It was the most fun i have had in a while.  it felt just like the summer and i love the summer....  Good night
1	Hello everyone! I'm your new mod, you can call me Meredith. I'm so excited to be the head of this community, it's the only one I've ever wanted to mod. I know it's been kind of dead in here lately, but I hope I can bring some life back into this place.  Anywho, down to business. First of all, I'm looking for a couple of co-mods and some more bannermakers. The co-mods will help me run the comm and cover my ass in case I can't post, for whatever reason that may be. And we definitely NEED MORE BANNERMAKERS!       crystal_lily   , are you still interested in being a bannermaker?  Comment if you're interested in either the position of co-mod or bannermaker.  Second, I'd like to see the routine here mixed up a little. We need some variation, don't you think? I have my own ideas, but first I want to see what YOU guys want. Let's get some member participation here! I made a poll, so please fill it out for me!        View Poll: #466959   
1	                All photos by Gavin !!!   Madame Jade's birthday is April 16th and she is thinking about having a "bring stilettos"  birthday party, would you like to come?  size 9.0     Open toe platforms only !!   I love it!!!    6 to 7 inches !!!!          Click to join FetishJade   
1	Last night was so fucking cool. Happy 17th Sarah, I know you had fun.  Oh yea, woohoo. I knew the Patriots would win. And I don't know if it was just me, but even though I like the Beatles, this year's halftime show just wasn't half as exciting as last years.
0	back from the shore.   god, it was so much fun. i miss it so bad already, it hurts. but otakon is next weekend and that will be fun too.  interesting sayings of the week... "ass of wood, thong is good" "medusa with a hardon" "are you feeling all interperated now?"  there was lots of beach fun...a rousing game of ria ball...a new happy place envolving back massages...mmmm, that's gonna stay with me for a while ^^;...and -lots- of pictures ^^  i miss being able to wander around/play DDR/laugh at ed playing AceCommander4 whenever i want. *sigh* we are sooo doing this again next year. except that jamie's staying down the whole time. yeah he is.  people should call me...*nods* aye you should
0	Friday Dec 12th, 2003    Earthquake      ?? Which Natural Wonder Or Disaster Are You ??     brought to you by  Quizilla    "Am I too lost to be saved? Am I too lost?"  Yeah...just one of those depressing nights. Don't bother asking whats wrong, because if I knew I'd tell you.  I'm going to drown my sorrows in alcohol.
0	today mom and dad took me to the doggie cafe.  i wasn't really to excited.  mom said she was a little disapointed because it wasn't what she thought it was.  it was just a store to buy dog stuff at.  she thought that it was for us to all go sit down at tables and eat at.  i did too. after all it had the word cafe in its name. i didn't even get to have any treats. mom wanted me to meet this little puppy so she put me on the floor.  doesn't she know i don't like any other dogs 'cept       benny   ? i snapped at the little puppy and mom scolded me. now me fewls bad. so all and all the trip to the doggie cafe was not  good. i am sad.
1	can it be wednesday already?. .and then friday, and saturday and then sunday.   but not monday.
1	"Johnnie, would you like to explain why you felt it necessary to get double murderer OJ off?"       Click on photo for CNN obit.
1	*sigh* We can home to Vancouver for a few days.  Yesterday was Fin's birthday and we went to celebrate.  Much fun was had by all but I just had to share a little something...        Is that not the cutest thing ever? *g* I so love.  I'm done now
1	It’s amazing how when you have a motivation for doing something and an ‘inspiration” - - awwwww - - how you actually do things and get them done.  For the past 3 days I’ve actually practiced for 3 hours each day.  I won’t call it amazing, because I now have the motivation to do it.  But, I’ll call it something, that I’m actually doing it.  It’s because I &lt;3 my sweetie, and would like to be with her more.  And, the only way that can happen is if I get done as quick as possible.  She keeps making me better.  I miss her sooooo much.
1	I'm listening to the new Mars Volta song... Are you? I bet you're not, cause you're gay.  Call me, I'm soooooooo grounded.
1	I went to the BARC Hamfest today with Kat. Got myself a new mag-mount antenna. It was dissapointing overall but some good deals. Special thanks to KC4B for unknowingly showing me the way there aka I followed him.  We also went grocery shopping, watched the end of the Punisher, and had a fun day together overall.   In other news the wind sucks. I recieved a mortal blow to the face from a leaf.
1	  SOUTH IS THE BEST GREAT JOB BOYS!!!!!!!!!!! 2-1 OH YEA!!!! KEVIN AWESOME END OF THE GAME!!!!      ~sorry titans maybe next time????~  
0	i am so distraught. i am getting very frusterated with whelk and how things are going. those guys are rapidly losing my trust and faith, and it hurts so much. i cannot stand anymore. the accusations and the lack of thoughtfullness when it comes to each other is embarrasing and very sad. i am mad that i have thought as much about quitting as i have. lately it has been occupying my mind, and i keep trying to rationalize staying, and the reasons are becoming fewer and fewer. i love all of them, but it is still hard. i am mad that they are on my ass so much to get a job. the inscentive for me to get one shrinks everytime they fight or act irresponsibly. i dont think that not having a job means i am not being responsible enough to be in the band, but that is the impression i get from nuk and isaac. i wish things were better. my sister came downstairs, i might finish later.  Media to enjoy: Album: "Heavier Things" by John Mayer
0	EVERQUEST ISNT WORKING&lt; OMG&lt; ITS ALL MY FAULT BECAUSE I DIDNT PLAY IT IN SOOO LONG!!! FUCKKK!!!!!SHIT!&lt; THIS HELLA SUCKS MY ASS DICK!!!! =((, the snow trip was hella fun, but like everquest doesnt work =(  well hmm...
1	I bought a new harddisc over about two week ago 'cause my old 45 GByte Western Digital started to make funny noises (ka-klonk! wheeheeeheeeeeeee .... ka-klonk! wheeheeeheeee...) - the secret sign of "I want to retire soon" :-/   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Okay, so I bought an all-new 120GByte Samsung (they took over IBM's storage device division, so I hope they're still as good as the IBMs were... at least they produced them already a longer time before the re-branding...). There they laid on my desk: shiny GBytes... and laid...   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Until yesterday: I finally moved all data to the new disk, enlarging the partitions in this process (but not the Windows partition, tough... who needs it, anyway... :) ) - and today I re-installed the bootloader... and  it worked ! Right 'out-of-the-box'!   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Amazing! :) ( - "No, it's Linux!" :D )      Finally enough space to get  really  creative ;)      cu,   &nbsp;&nbsp;Br&ocirc;gon
1	So the baby is 14 weeks 2 days old (Inside of me!) 4 inches big and it got presents for Xmas LOL.  Jeremy's parents gave lots of presents labeled:  To McKenzie/Tru love Grandma & Grandpa  Baby got a Teether rattle animal set, Baby wipes, A set of farm animal bibs, and a little soft bunny to snuggle with. :)  My belly got patted twice hahaha
1	omgggg i randomly found out that the movie "Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer" was recently released on dvd SO I BOUGHT IT i'm hella excited i LOVE Rainbow Brite and the movie is awesome i had a crappy crappy version of it on my computer a while back but it has been lost since then i hope they release the whole series on dvd someday!!!
0	Man, my weekend was eventful.  Saturday, The college thingie I was supposed to go to was move to Sat. instead of Sunday, so I didn't make that.  My sister's friend pregnant Autumn came over and had a miscarriage.  She got blood all over the place.  It was sad.  She kept us up all night.  Her mom was pissed because nobody didn't tell her about it and my aunt was pissed because we had to throw away her good towels that were covered in blood.  My parents went to church on Sunday and didn't come back until 11.  So we went to Wal-mart and I bought Some Kind of Monster.  We didn't get home until 1:30 a.m.  I am so fucking tired but wired because I have my SKOM dvd!  I can't wait to get home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	:) last night was awesome!    DEVON!!! ben and jamie came up to my work after they saw constantine and waited for me to get off. i was so happy to see Devon. omg. all i could do was smile. even tho he was off his meds and was nuts, i still missed him dearly... xox we went out to dinner at the old mexico by westland mall then went for a dip in the hot tub at dev's. good time for some cuddling for me and the boy. much needed cuddling. i love you babyyyyy!    today tho is gross, its snowing out, and i gotta work tonight. 5-930 i think. bleh. no fun! marydeth might let me out early tonight tho. hopefully~ hopefully ill see my beloved boyfriend today or after work..i hope i hope i hope...      oo tomorrow is our 1 year 1 month... woop!!! XD    ~kario~
0	Nobody likes me, everybody hates me, guess I'll go eat baklavah.
1	Going to Tazzie tomorrow. Yay. Only bad thing is that the flight leaves at 8:30 in the morning. That means we have to leave at 6:30 in the morning. That’s really fucking early. I don’t even think there is a 6:30 in the morning, I’m sure it’s just a fairytale they tell you to scare you. Oh well. Me and Jarrad shall have fun. Jarrad says I should have written “Jarrad and I” in the previous sentence, but I’m more important so I go first. Now he’s gone away. Oh well. He’ll have to put up with me for 10 whole days starting tomorrow. Should be fun. Should probably be in bed now, but thought I might post here and let everyone who bothers to read this know where I will be for the next 10 days. Probably wouldn’t have posted anyways. Oh well.
1	I was too hyper and uber excited to sleep. Angelus had me in a deathgrip and it's like, hello, oxygen becoming an issue, but that was the great part. It wasn't. Rolling away from him, I stood up, looking around the room. Why the hell were we here anyway? I wanted to play and I can't play when no one is around. Sighing, unneededly, I walk to the recliner, bundling up on it, then smirk.   "Giles."   The name just sent shivers up my spine. Oh, I think I need to make a phone call. Picking up the phone, I dial the familiar number and wait for someone to get on the line. A woman answers and my brows furrow a bit, then I ask for him, "Is Giles there? This is Buffy, his Slayer."   "Just one moment."   Oh, this is going to be fun. My eyes scan the room and look in on Angelus who's just laying there. His pale skin ... I almost want to hang up and wake Angelus up, but I know he wants to sleep.    (tag: Giles) 
1	Happy Birthday Jeff Nemeth!!! Let me know if Cthulhu grants your birthday wish.
1	  and today I have a whole CHOCOLATE CAKE and the  Clex Fest 11th wave  to read. Somebody out there loves me.  
1	New photos are here - finally including the ones that were done by Pixie Fotos. Can you guess which ones?    http://lynette-paterson.fotopic.net/c43 5154.html 
0	I feel so disconnected from everyone and everything that I care about. I feel like this summer has consisted of me just sitting on my ass at home being bored. I don't think I've ever been as sad as I have been these last couple of months. Last night I had a friggin breakdown on the phone with Sean. I cried for seriously at least an hour straight. Everything is just kinda sucky right now. I work all week and do nothing on the weekend. I used to at least see Sean all the time but now I barely even see him because of the situation with his parents. I haven't seen mal since... i dunno mid july maybe? That's definately not normal. I've just been feeling like I have nothing and nobody in Canton. My mother hasn't been the most helpful person either, "why don't you go out anymore? what's wrong with you?" Thanks mom... that makes everything better...   Ugh I just hope this feeling passes  Jeanna
0	My old neighbour, Uncle Akkies, finally passed away yesterday. I'm not sure if it was from old age (he was over 80) or from that cancer, but it is sad that is gone. But it is best, I suppose, since he had been in hospital and had suffered there all the time. Funeral is on Thursday...
0	my computer is dead...yes this is a sad day for me...yoshi is very very dead, possibly and probably for good this time. And if he is really gone i will have a day of morning. Why am i so attached to my computer? well it's not the IM factor that you may think i am missing right now...i really just love that computer, we have been through so much. First of all it has hours and hours of good music on it that i may never get back..and many pictures that are irresplaceble (actually i saved all the good ones to disk when he started acting up, but still there is random ones i will miss poping up during My Picture Slideshow) But yoshi also brough me through many late night IM chats with boys i love and with friends i miss..and rachel and i spent many hours gathered around its glowing screen watching movies, weird cartoons, writing in this crazy thing, and laughing at boys i love....yoshi i already miss you, lets hope RESNET can do something good for once and fix him...  Emily
0	I bowled 163 last night and I got a 96 on my Math test today.  the only question I missed was one that SHOULD not have been missed so the test was a disappointment.  I really hate Biology 115.  At least it is only once a week, but for three hours on Tuesdays is bad enough.  My shamrocks are doing great.  That is all.....             A Capri Sun busted inside my backpack today.     Hunter S. Thompson killed himself yesterday... 
0	    How dreadful! Seamus and Pansy broke up and they are not ever going to get back together. Poor Seamus, he must feel awful, same with Pansy. I thought those two made quite a good couple. Thats is awful and so teary, &nbsp;as my mom says "Love hurts" and I say "Love stinks" well maybe sometimes. 
0	Gah, worst Final Four in all the years I've watched college basketball.  No close games, no upsets.  And now, no teams left to root for.  I'm going the Corbo route: GO ZAGA!!!  EDIT: In  good  news, I ended up going to IKEA today anyway, and picked up the futon that I'd been eyeing on the IKEA website for months.  It ended up taking me a surprising 2+ hours to assemble, but I'm glad I got an early start (early meaning before 9 PM), because there was a surprising amount of loud hammer action that would have upset my neighbors (who, unlike my old neighbors, I would actually feel bad about disturbing :P)
1	  I loved going to Starbucks and enjoying a scrumptious pecan tart and coffee with non other than Sandeep &lt;3.....the fountain view is so awesome at night...haha....good times  Prom is coming....and I got my dress...it's black of course...with a lil "diamond" brooch on it...and shoes to match ./. oh shit!  HERE'S THE DRESS.....(LONGER ON ME CAUSE I'M SHORT)    AND THE "MATCHING" SHOES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 SO ExCITED TO GO WITH SANDEEP  
1	Heya. Well, my turn is done. Terry, what's your email so that I can send this over to you? ^_^;;
1	so which is it:  the boy who  writes  the songs or the boy who's  in them 
0	Once again, I've managed to just say what I thought I needed to say, without thinking first. Things were bad.  I confronted.  Things got better---pretty darn good, for that matter!  I kept TALKING...and ruined it all.  The things I said had nothing to do with anything really...just that I felt a need to express the truth...part of the "opening up" process...I should've mentioned the Cali motives before...as they weren't secret...it just never came up.  That was okay.  But then I kept going.  While that wasn't secret info...there was no need to bring it up...and-surprise!- it caused a reaction...something I hadn't considered.    Someday, I will learn..."Let it Be!"  Now that I've had a chance to think on it all, I've also realized that I should've thought more about how irrational the info was which I was given...and saw it for what it was...instead of taking it as truth and trying to figure out why it happened.
1	Some time has past since my last post...sowwy = (...Nothing much has happened, talking to people more, Moved to UN for abit, Have no friends there besides Amanda and Dan = (..If your from UN and reading this....CHAT WITH ME....i rock lol....anyways, trying to go and see steph how ever i can, i really want to see her, i can't wait till i see her again so i can hold her in my arms, look her in the eyes, and tell her i love her &lt;3 lol =P Going back to graal, LATA   OUT!
0	   how can one person make&nbsp; you feel so bad about yourself? esp when this person isn't even your own mother? *sigh*        Anyways, Neurobio and Human Phys exams are over... got one more exam... two papers and a quiz to finish up this week... and then I have work this weekend, but it shouldn't be that bad...        I realized how stupid I was being with some people. Came to the realization how socially akward I really am... even though I prefer to front that I'm not... My social skills are going to shit... I blame it on my hermitage now and my hermit tendancies before... And the fact that I was being stupid and petty... I apologize. Working on self improvement, but don't think it's working... how do you measure that anyways?        ex-stalkee called me from the shitter... that was weird... I mean I've had conversations where the ppl have done their business, but I always got a pre-emptive warning or a choice...  haha, this one was like "hold on I'm flushing"   
1	Next time you hear from me here, I'll be in a different part of Iowa.  Parents came home early this week.  We're making final preparations to move into our new house in Elcart, in the central portion of Iowa.  We leave tomorrow, so I'll be sure to give you a report when we get there.
1	     Gay or Not Gay?  by tashay17      LJ Name           Favorite Color           Gay or Not Gay?    As Straight as a Rod               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	I was kinda looking forward to HHGG... but then       flickgc    pointed me  at this .  Wince. 
1	I've never been too keen on orchids, but aparently...     Red  is of course the color of love and passion, but also of chivalry and courage.  Orchids  represent fervour and eroticism. You are a very romantic person, your aim in life is love and be loved, but with respect and deep feelings.      What flower - color association are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	Hey everyone! heres some picures of me and anne on satruday on our addy'-"adventure" or u know walking to the mall    anyways it was fun!                hahaha me with my head in a bush       me with a flower in my hair       walking       ANNE haha       shadows       hahaha random pple at the mall       more       hahaha and more        me       damn it anne stop taking pictures of me haha       readin my magazeen       anne haha close up        hahaha car..man street        annabelle by carman street       a cool car        hha on the ground       another       haha in a huge thing of clovers       close up-ewww       I think that there are way too many of me              anne next to a tree        flowers       a really bright bush       anne in the grass       meee       flowers    
0	I hate my new haircut. The lady did it all wrong, not to mention there was a language barrier. Oh gosh. I feel really bad for wasting ten dollars. I'm probably going to put my scissors to this haircut. chopchop.
1	I went skating today and yeah I was doing good, but I was sweaty. My band can not decide on a name. ohh well. I miss you sweetheart. I love you Jes.
0	yeah, were leavin tomorrow for thanksgiving in austin with my moms family. and since my dad doesnt have any family (close by) we only have to go there. except everyone and their dog is gonna be there (literally) and since my uncle just got married his wifes (shes awesome :P) family is gonna be there. dang family gatherings. the ppl i havent seen say how big im getting yet they still treat me like im three :( oh well. thats life ("and this is walgreens...")
0	I had fun  writing  for the  KOTB tournament  this week. I'd like to thank  Bad Example  for the nice things he said about my  blog . As for the other things he said, I'll take them under advisement.  I've already added a clear link to tell all y'all more  about me .  Congratulations to  Jon  who maintains his position on the throne. Although the score was close.  Lookout Jon!  David  was also a great competitor, maybe we'll meet on the battlefield again?      View this post on my blog   
1	Have some new user pictures. That makes me happy.   JC is doing something productive. That makes me happy too (I'm so twisted).  I get to direct again this weekend. That makes me happy.  Leroy, evidently, said something nice in regard to me the other day.  *sigh*  and I ran today  *smiles*
0	to all of you who want me to get over it: fuck off.  it bothers me that people get mad that i'm upset about things.  i probably got mad at people in the past too, but i don't think mad is the word.  maybe just like "annoyed" if people threw their problems on me, thats why i have this livejournal: so i can throw my problems on noone but people can read them if they want.  but yeah i'm still upset about things, just because i really do love liz.  ian accused me of being emo which may be true, but emo isn't anythign beside a way to dress and a styel of music, its not a feeling or anything.  so yeah i'm emo (short for "emotional" and yes, sad and depressed are emotions)  but whatever.
1	"So anywho I know many of you are going to be pissed or upset for this reason, why I dont know because you should be happy for me, but I asked out my friend Missy last night because NON of you took the intiative lol. SO without further a do I am taken now." That is all.
0	I seriously need to stop dreaming of possibilities and start dealing with my own reality.
1	     What 24 Day Four Character are YOU?     brought to you by  Quizilla     I'm TONY ALMEIDA!!!!!!!
0	With a few hours of sleep and watching are neighbors have there 3:00am drama with cops  has left my spine aching from a bad night of sleep, but lately I `ve been wondering on what I should be doing with my life I still seem to be sliding thought life but no way that’s making me happy . I still can’t decide on a career or day job that I enjoy anymore, I thought things would get better if I left my small town and come to the big city where all the fun is .But I don’t see any of it I just see a life time wanting a better life this question has left me standing in the middle to go back to where I started or not ….
0	  This is my last entry,    well at least until something joyous happens in my life. =)  Byeeeeee.  
0	one last addition ;)  1) Pick a song that you love, that you want me to forever associate with you. 2) Upload it on yousendit.com/your domain. 3) Comment with the link. 4) Post this so you can make a mix that reminds you of the people that you love/like the most in the entire world.  plz do this....its a cool idea...stole it from Michelle
1	Hello everybody I am sorry that I haven't updated in a long while but I have been so stressed out that I can't hardly think. Last week I sent off a resume to a preschool in Bakersfield and I didn't think that they would call me well guess what? They did today and I have a interview on Tuesday morning so everybody wish me luck because right now I could really use it. Well got to go everybody have a great weekend.
1	looks like i figured out what classes i'm taking next semester.  (3 cred) speech (required for scholars, and for an AA) (1 cred) capstone (required for scholars) (3 cred) psychology (i need to take another social sciences class for an AA) (3 cred) Spanish: Advanced Composition and Conversation (5 cred) Organic Chem I.  All of those classes could, technically, be the honors version. I didn't knowthere was an honors version of organic chem! and i think i was thinking of taking the honors version and likely killing myself. not literally of course, just... exhaustion-and-etc-wise.  must go do schoolwork. yes, even though it's spring break i have work to do. *grumbles*
1	We had make your own tostados tonight, with seasoned ground chicken, refried black beans, cheese, lettuce, onions (for Steve only), tomatoes, and tortilla chips. Yum.   The best part was that we all three went shopping together, and I think we're set through Thanksgiving. Whoo hoo!
1	Where have I been? I look the other way Everybody says things about you Everybody's got real bad things to say Where was my head? I must have been high on love this time Sweet talking you Look at what you do Working on the phone lines and walking around inside my shoes When I was cold, you came on 100 degrees Yeah... The dawn is breaking, before my eyes a snake's been living - in my paradise surprise surprise surprise - ya how I believe the heart on your sleeve see the two faces of eve Hey, I trusted you And now I see... It all comes clear to me... And now I see... Yeah, I trusted you...
0	People are dumb.  And, apparently, illiterate.  I put up my Shakespearian magnetic poetry set when I moved in, and so far the only gem that has been put together by anyone other than me reads his almost hast nay our use yield you In other news, tonight is the night that we come together to celebrate ... free food at the dorm's Super Bowl party.  What, any of you were excited about something else?  ;)  I may or may not bother watching for the commercials; last year they were pretty dull.
0	I feel drained in every way U can B  well except 4 the sexual way  damn!  I did hang out with some friends in seb town yesterday though   that was good  otherwise I'm feeling bummed out and depressed  or I'm feeling pathetic and whiny cause of B-ing bummed and depressed  I want 2 B in a decent relationship  (wow, that would B a first) =( I've known nothing but lies and manipulation  I don't know what 2 do any more  if any1 has any ideas, please share  later
1	OMG, my day just got better. Because I found someone looking to sell their Vampire Hunter D Special Edition DVD for super cheap ;-;  The OMG-I-LOVED-THAT-MOVIE-SINCE-I-WAS-LITTL E part of me is having sex with the TK and TM Network obsessed part of me and they're like, orgasming everywhere from happiness 
1	I don't know how this can be but I'm a morning and a night person so last night I was up late and this morning I was up at 7am. I killed sometime watching Teen Titans which is a totally rad show, Bare Foot Contessa ( an ok cooking show) and various scenes from "Much a do about nothing" which is my favorite Shakepearean film adaption but purely because of silliness.  Tonite is BP fetish night and fdedio's and scarlet's going away party. So some how both challenges must be met in x amount of hours. I might just have to go to this going away party scantily clad in PVC and flight goggles. Oh well it's only in kits I'm sure they can handle it.  I'm thinking a tight pvc cincher, nipple tape, pvc pants, goggles and gloves if I can find some.  I might have to call up a favour for the goggles though. Hopefully I can get them before tonite.
1	Just realized that New order tix went on sale today - 5/3 at the Aragon. Hella expensive, but I bought one... anyone else planning on going?
1	I really need to update more often.  Yesterday was fun. AIM decided to work again, all of a sudden, so that was a big Yay!  Went swimming and now have the sore muscles to prove it.  Today I'll go roleplaying.  (Wow, I really thought I had anything interesting to tell today, but nope... :P )
0	This has been the worse weekend. It sucks big one.  Glenn has been an a--hole and all I can do is just be here.  Its ok when he can go out do what he wants and then when I want him to do somethin he just sayes he is hurting.  Man this sucks. No life it seems like.
0	i am a horriable person.  i don't know how any of you can stand to be around me.  i don't think i'll be up for ou kiew this weekend.  sorry.
0	Well this has been another difficult week. And I've been trying to focus on work around the   Inn  . But its hard to focus on anything since I was informed that one of my tenants   Toshi   was killed this past week, apparently by one of Sunnydale's evil creatures. He was an honorable man, and will be missed.  Sunnydale is not a safe place for anyone, and the death of a friend is a reminder that one needs to try to enjoy what time they have, and try to live life to the fullest. I really should try to get out more, and actually try to live. I've been spending too much time at my Inn, so need to get out and about town.   Helen   has been couped up for too long as well, she deserves a night on the town. We don't have to worry about any full moons til next month, just go out and try to forget about our problems for a little while. So I will take her out for some drinks. Will be good to forget about our problems for a little while at least.
1	Woo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!! Havent sunk yet!!!!!! Woo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!
0	Each day I deal with one form of rejection or another Little dog runs fast Woe
1	Yay! We have welcomed Maximillian into the Nagy family. :)     (more pictures) 
1	It's my Birthday tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Well actually it probably is my Birthday right now, seeming I was born in a different time zone, but oh wells. Big day tomorrow!
1	 I found my bag! Yay! Everything was in it except for my calculator (this will be the second or third time I've lost one) and my makeup (mascara and four or five lipcolors). But may permit, my cell phone, and ID were still intact, thank god.    My sister wants to go to a faculty-faculty basketball game tonight at Marlboro. I don't. I have a buttload of work to do. Sorry to disappoint anyone (Julian). 
0	Okay here I go about the tahoe trip: yes it has been cancelled &gt; Kind of! Due to unfortunate incidences we don't have elaine's cabin therefore we can't have the night time bonfire beach party that we were planning so therefore we planned to go and have a day trip in tahoe on friday, august 20th and have chris come down here on the 18-20 and just go back to tahoe with us. HOWEVER, chris just e-mail me and has informed me that he has to be back everyday of next week from 7-9 due to rehearsals for the sound of music so i'm gonna ask him to come down on the 19th after rehearsals and still go to tahoe with us on the 20 and spend the day with us call me if there's any questions i have to go now bye
0	My whole family knows. My dad told my whole family that's he's getting married THIS SATURDAY, and they all know where too. But they aren't telling us. I'm his bitter/vengeful daughter (they don't know that) but they still won't tell me where he's getting married. Bullocks.   The past two days have been exceedingly harsh on my ability to maintain any sort of resepct for males. Mike's been very kind to me though. As far as my hopes and dreams go, I'll be able to move to New Orleans soon. That's something to be happy about.
1	      &nbsp;In the dark dinning room of the Kise Commons raise a new hero ... FantaaMan !! whether y'r dirsty or just&nbsp;need something&nbsp;to cool of with FantaaaMan will jump to the rescue ..&nbsp; ( hahah okey linz y'r right i'm a nerd :P)    &nbsp;&nbsp; ummm, that's what happen everytime i finish eating before the others :P .. so&nbsp;be sure&nbsp;to eat quickly whern i'm around !! lol&nbsp;    &nbsp; i really should find a time to post again, there had been so many funny thing going on lately...&nbsp; i promised a friend to help him out with his clac exam so i better go eventhough i dont even have time to study for my ceircuit design the same day.... anyway..    &nbsp; i'll blog later :) 
1	My mom says if I finish some pieces for my portfolio, I can get my tattoo.  Sweet. I'll toss out a couple of good ol' dandies and then have my new tat by the end of this week.  Hopefully for new years.  Woo.
1	A hi from Centre College! That's right guys I am at GSP and having an absolute blast! Do you miss me? LOL anyways, I am meeting so many new people and there are so many hot guys here, if you can believe it. Oh, well I have a boyfriend so it doesn't matter, and I am going to stick with that thought. No more cheating for me! Anyways I am happy and looking forward to each day because they become better and better. G2G got places to go and people to see! Miss you guys and love you all!
1	This weekend was really fun!! I only have three more days of skool this week~ YAY!! Friday and Saturday are going to be soooooo much funn ...if it all works out anywayz...  ~*mini quiz*~ 1)What is your nick name for me? 2)What college do i want to go to? 3)What is the new color that i wear all the time(which i didn't even notice but mi BFF pointed it out- but its true~ she knows me better than i know myself =) ) a.k.a Browni! 4)Where is mi dad thinking of moving? (3 answers)  comment and answer the QUIZ!  u know u want to! =) 
0	I am still alive, just a bit broken.  Thank you for the well wishes.  I do feel like climbing the walls some, not used to being so idle.  Sedentary.  Stuck.  Ross has been a champ, splitting himself in 6 directions and dealing with all that comes along with this lovely injury.  My Mom has been A-1 nurse at my beck and call.  Looking forward to getting back onto two feet and feeling real again.  I hope you are all well.  I do think about writing in this journal, really.
1	MEME:  I love looking at people's icons, but I don't always *get* them - I often wonder stuff like, "Who's that guy?" or "Where's that quote from?" but I tend not to ask, for various reasons. So come on, here are my icons ( http://www.livejournal.com/allpics.b ml?user=paddita ). Pick one (or more!) you're curious about, and I'll try to explain it. Or at least explain what I like about it.
1	I went to Walmart tonight to pick up some stuff for my big music apprec project, and found The Postal Service's "We Will Become Silhouettes" single in the CD section!  I love that song so damn much.  (It's always a surprise to find stuff like that at Walmart, too.)  Also:  I have reached over 10,000 songs listened to on my  Audioscrobbler !  Wow I've sat on the computer a lot.  :/
1	Tuesday - Boston for free preview showing of Constantine (Thanks       cantbeacat   !)  Wednesday - Job interview in Waltham.  It went well, hope i get it.  Should start round two of interviews soonish. (This was interview 3, 4, and 5 with them.  The first two were over the phone.)  Dennys with       matronsinafay    and       blkw1d   .  Some friends I hadnt seen in a while showed up.  Als T the reg thursday night M:tG player.  Bab5 (Season 3 - Episode 4) with       matronsinafay    yay!
1	I love him and we're happy again. Today Ash and I are gonna go tan on the beach since it's beautiful out! Then Jake and Danny are gonna meet us there and we're gonna get lunch and then drive to the mall because Danny needs to get something. I love the warm weather and I love things being back to the way they used to be and I love him.  I couldn't ask for anything more right now.
1	 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;       &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; "   Ours is the kind of love... THAT LASTS......"        &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   &nbsp;  &nbsp;" ... No Matter WHAT....!!!"     
1	I really really really like the ending theme of Full Metal Alchemist.  I want to find a site to download it from.  *cries* but they're all being difficult. I want!  here's the lyrics for it if you're interested, but it sounds better with the actual instrumentals:  Anime Lyrics (.com): Anime Lyrics: Full Metal Alchemist: Kesenai Tsumi
0	This is a fair well to my best friend       wizzleteats   .  The demons at the office in which we work are making her move across the hall from me.  No more running less then 10 feet to tell her about what the nasty bitches we work with do in the bathroom.  No more staring out the window in the morning before the boss gets here and making fun of really ugly people.  No more putting obscene or offensive pictures or notes on her desk.  We've never been separated in 5 years.  Why, God why?  I love you wizzle! Fight the power, damnit.  Be strong.
1	 http://www.gamingreport.com/modules.p hp?op=modload&name=My_eGallery&file=index&do=showpic&pid=2806&orderby=titleA   No, wait.  I need two of them.  And when these sell like crazy, what can W0tC do but release an AT-TE?  Ut!  Is it 2006 yet???
0	I saw a faerie last night....It is the first, since I moved out of the old apartment, across the street from Evergreen Washelli Memorial Park.  I miss the Faeries....I wish they would come and make my appartment, feel more like home.  *le sigh*  I think Lady Katherine knows something I don't...Silly kitty, maybe she has been eating them.  She eats the strangest thing.  Like shoe laces (still on the shoe), yarn, plastic, ice cream, Cheetos, my fingers and toes....She could be eating the faeries.  *total confusion*
0	 Mecha has a point , really.  Sure, Lee got a beatdown in the  forum , with actual genuine facts from someone who doesn't believe the garbage Fox News feeds its viewers, but even still.  I don't want to read a comic if it's going to remind me of how very, very sad humanity makes me.  I'm not going to be all OMG LEE IS A BAD PERSON HE CANNOT DO THAT MAKE IT GO AWAY LALALALALA because, hey, he's got a right to do whatever he wants with Chopping Block (within the scope of Keenspot's policies &c).  I've just got a similar right to not look.
1	 Hey all, I'm alive!  I've actually been here in my new apartment since mid-last-week, but have been too busy to post.  I'll post pics soon of the cross-country trip and the wackiness that preceded my move, but for now, here's some shots related to my new apartment, if anyone is interested... More fun stuff soon...    my apartment building    an awkwardly constructed photo-montage of the view out my windows.    the view down my street, looking west. 
1	I start my new job tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Im soooo excited!  I will be working days! I can't wait!  So i wont have to work the weekend any more!!! Im going to work this last weekend and then quit this job!  Im so happy!  Besides that nothing much new.
1	STAR WARS IS THE COOLEST I CANT WAIT TILL MAY 19TH this movie is gunna be the coolest this year
0	ok i know that I have been getting sloppy with my postings but thats ok. well NOthing has really happened to me since skiing. I miss curling already though. Well today I came home and started talking to Vicki. one of the first things she said is she was dying. It can be helped but thats a desicion she needs to make. All I am asking is that anyone that reads this would please please be praying for her and that she would begin to make things right and get better soon. Thank you
1	Gavin Degraw was HERE on monday. I saw him in concert on campus and I loved the concert. I wanted to meet him in person, but i left my wallet in the room and didn't have any money for the meet and greet wristband (sigh). Oh well, I saw him and that's all that matters. The last couple of days have been busy. I tried talking to john the last three days and he blew me off on sunday and then was away on monday and tuesday. Fine be that way ya jerk. j/k. He knows I love him and I know that he would never ignore me unless he was doing something really important. Well not much else to say. I've just been really busy and today is GAME DAY @ SALISBURY!!!! I hope i get to see Katy, and maybe Cat and Lance but I doubt they would go to a lacrosse game to see me. Katy probably would because she is one of my best friends and i love her to death. MISS YA KAYRO AND I HOPE TO SEE YOU TODAY!!! Well today is a HUGE game and I need to get ready. We're leaving at 11:30 and getting back really late.
1	Modem fixed. Returned to on-line reality.  In more important news - have the LotR RotK extended DVDs. Have watched all new scenes and many of the extended. I am reduced to incoherent squeaking noises of approval.  Particularly for The Voice of Saruman, Cross-roads of the Fallen King, The Wizard's Pupil, Peregrin of the Tower Guard, The Witch King's Hour (watched that a couple of times), The Captain and the White Lady and The Mouth of Sauron. Except they got the Mouth's horse wrong, but they did that with the Black Riders' as well, so I figure that PJ just found making horses look freaky and blood-stained and skeletal and wrong too darned difficult.   Pippin's friendship with Faramir now makes sense. Eomer makes me cry when he finds Eowyn. Eowyn and Faramir  . Saruman's fate. Witch King. Damnit - want a Witch King!  Sunday - will watch all the way through.  Some point in near future - will go through and work out all the good and all the bad bits.  A
1	Play with my penguin!  It's so cute!  Click on the belly until he falls off.     
1	"Speak only well of people and you need never whisper."  I so stole that quote from Jeannie's profile. but It makes me smile.. and think a bit. -Caitey  "Now He did not do many mighty works there because of their unbelief." -Matthew 13:58-  I saw a sign in front of a church on tylersville today.. taht said something like faith is not believing that God can.. it's believing that He will... just a thought
1	San Francisco bitches!  i'll miss thien. see you soon.  hearts.
1	After not having internet since 10 wednesday night I have it back! YAY!
1	Ok it is officially now spring break!!!  Which means that in less than 48 hours Kellee and I will be leaving for the beach!!!  I'm so excited....we both have already started packing!!!  It's a good think we are taking my car because I think I'm going to have at least 4 bags.  Ok well I need to go wash some clothes!!!  I hope everyone has a fun and safe spring break.
1	HAPPY BIRTHDAY ASHLEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
1	*sigh*  So, I'm in Boston right now at my parents' house, getting ready to go to Florida in the morning, which is very exciting. =D Doesn't it just figure, though, that just when I have something in life going my way, life finds a way to remind me that it's still me we're dealing with, and nothing is that good... I woke up this morning and my left eye was a waterfall. I was not sad. I was not upset. I was not laughing. My left eye simply would not stop leaking. And it was all irritated. And it was red. And it hurt. Next thing I know, I'm packing all my stuff really quickly and heading to Health Services because I know it'll take them four hours to deal with me. And it did. Four full hours later, I have conreal conjunctivitis. In my left eye. So now I have to wear my glasses (which aren't the right perscription) all weekend in Florida.  *sigh*  At least I'm still going to Florida... =)
1	Ok, I waited as long as I could!! What did ya think about who was ousted out on American Idol and on the Apprentice?? I wanna jump for joy and sing sweet victory songs everywhere on both the LOSERS leaving. Wooohooo!!    Oh and I put up the Chococat layout. I am really liking although I REALLY love pink layouts best. I am thinking of doing a cinnamonroll one. I found tons of pics for that today. If ya don't know what/who cinnamonroll is...   cinnamonroll layout i did 
1	The pumpkinator is so cool.....last week he picked out his own outfit to wear to school by telling me "pukin shirt" and "punkin pants" in response to my trying to put him in blue jeans and a shirt with Pooh on it.  Today he asked for a snack by saying "moon nuts" to ask for cashews.  I love that boy.
1	ok THAT was pretty much fun we need to go back to fiesta ranchera again!! creepy spanish boys are awesome Oh and I went to krista's house with caitlin and we watched You Got Served which was HILARIOUS good day.
1	hey peoples it's been awhile, my episode of peakhour is on all this week on channel [V] it's a bit of a laugh.  Just hope for you all to check out    and vote for me, cause i would really love to go around the world, you could even tell everyone you know to vote for me, cause u know i'll have fun, and the guys we r against are from canberra so i doubt they'd for very exciting, and the girl seem to be skanky.. yuck... so let me win would be good... also saturday nite is global at the MilkBar which will be fun i think i'm playing around 1 o'clock, should be a good one, so don't miss it... not a lot else going on... packin shelves at coles isn't all that bad, money is good, but i got some team meeting tonight which sounds like fun :p   NEWAYS that's aboot it
1	  There's a reason I don't go outside.&nbsp; Nature is not my friend.&nbsp; Nature is using its various parts and agents to kill and maim me.&nbsp; The temperature?&nbsp; Cooking my brain.&nbsp; Bugs?&nbsp; Draining my blood.&nbsp; And the plants, well, let's not even get into what their evil pollen has done to my sinuses (although, my allergist looks great in his Corvette- it goes with all his outfits.)  Nature is the reason I stay inside.&nbsp; Nature is the reason I refer to my Tivo as "my best friend."&nbsp; Nature is the reason I can't breathe air that hasn't been conditioned.  I am unashamed of this.  I hear about people who climb Mr. Everest and think, "Why?"&nbsp; That guy who had to cut off his own arm because he got caught under a boulder when hiking by himself?&nbsp; A fool.&nbsp; Go to a bar with your friends-&nbsp; worst case scenario is that someone takes a dart to the eye.&nbsp; Sure, then you have to wear a patch, but hey, you can put it on with both of your hands!
0	       You scored as  Suicide . Your death will be suicide. What more can I say? Fact: Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.       Suicide             100%       Stabbed             87%       Disappear             73%       Posion             67%       Accident             67%       Bomb             53%       Suffocated             53%       Eaten             53%       Drowning             33%       Disease             20%       Gunshot             20%       Cut Throat             7%       Natural Causes             0%        How Will You Die??   created with  QuizFarm.com        Thanks Bouma...this just CAPPED OFF an altogether depressing day. Eric's gonna be gone tomorrow, but most likely Mandie will be back. WHAT a trade-off. I'm depressed.
0	My life is turned upside down right now, and I don't know what to do.  It will go away and everything will be back to normal very soon.  I'm sorry about this weekend...
1	Holy fucking shit! SNOW THUNDER! :D :D I've never heard snow thunder before!   Btw, its a fucking blizzard outside. -_-; They better fucking close school tomorrow, cause I can't do SHIT today :|
0	hey wow, i got so much work to do toda- ugh- my room is so freaking messy, i't will take me hours to clean it.. but when im done i really want to drop  I heart Huckabees off at sarah's- sarah if your reading this, i hope you'll be home today, i want you to watch that movie, and i really need to talk out some problems of mine with you!! or anybody who will listen! anyways im going to call you later... oh wait, crap i dont have your phone # , well you should give me a call mine it 461-3569- love gen
1	I can't believe I forgot to post this earlier.  My brother got married on Monday.  Of course, I found that out on Tuesday, but I still should have gotten this in here sooner.  I'm sure he and Annette will be happy together.  I do agree with my parents that it might have been wise for them to wait a little longer.  At the same time, though, I know that the two of them really seemed to like each other, so things should be alright for the two of them.  So...  Any bets on how long it will be before I become an uncle?
1	just the luck to get sick on a four day weekend eh? i got way better today though... went to work in the morning zander came over for a bit later n i've been doing research research research ugh this week is busy... gym tryouts, gym practices start, n i gotta go into work more again. wahoo. sleep doesn't really look good this week. at least its only four days right? latez.
1	*receives Rumil's note*  *wanders around for the rest of the day with a sappy little smile on her face*  *spends a good hour beforehand trying on different clothes until she finally settles on an outfit*  *hurries off to the park just as the last few lingering rays of magenta and crimson light start to fade from the clouds*
1	Hmm, something special in the air today. Not just the eclipse, mind you. Tonight, despite my efforts to assume it was just my imagination, the 'feel' of winter holidays began. About halfway through my workday it struck me. With all the special holiday candy lining the displays, and the various pretty colors going about, this feeling in my gut had to be that of the joy the holidays bring. Ahh bliss. If only it would last the whole year round (Mostly because of the weather that is actually below 80 degrees.) Well, enough sentimentality, I shall post more... at another time.
0	I’ve been a mess for some time now. I get what I deserve.  - Rilo Kiley, 85
1	Just got off the phone from the Health Visitors! I start my placement next Thursday :-) They have a clinic all day, so I think it will be a lot of weighing and measuring babies!!! Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!
1	i love all my friends.        ive been in wierd moods latley.    today i drank a pepsi and i dunno but somthing happend and i had super energy.   im gunna miss ms. mckenna.   i had asd and didnt do anything in it.   i went home and chilled with kevin and we just listened to the radio. i told shannon i won a thousand dollars.    she belived me   then i went to target with jane,    then the library,    then, my house and i tried to fix a cd player but i coudlnt.   but i will.    i have a lot of fun with her.   she always makes me happy.      im listening to a cd of classical symphonys    it makes me feel smart and is very relaxing.      i thnk im going to go play solitare. 
1	How exciting.. My dad is 45 today. Happy Birthday Padre!
1	*shivers with excitement*  Just as I thought...the animation is beautiful!    I am already in love with the Murasame Liger and the Bio Raptor....  Gods...I can't wait for this to air...I can't, I can't, I can't....   YATTA!!!! 
1	Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories came in for the GBA today, and I want it soooooo much.  I was flipping through the strategy guide, and when you beat it through once you unlock a mode that lets you play through as Riku! *molestedeverycopyof gameinstore*  I have to wait until next week to get it though, 'cause then I will get double employee discount.  Huzzah.  *contents self with Paper Mario*  Speaking of Paper Mario, if you own a cube, you should get this game.  Nintendo makes games that are just fun to play.  period.  If you enjoy a solid RPG with incredibly well written and witty dialog then pick it up now.  At 30+ hours I am still enjoying it immensely.  Sasuke is a fucking dick.  Period.  If I ever met him in person then I would punch him in the face.  Stupid, stupid boy.  I &lt;3 Obito.
0	eh i still fucking suck at everything i'm doing nothing with my life time to go out and buy more cigarettes.. the story of my life whoo hoo... i have a girlfriend who loves me so much yet all i feel that i do is dissapoint her in every aspect of what i do i just want to make her happy i'm just going to keep to myself for a few days and see if it helps at all  i just want to be happy and carefree again...
0	Sadly, I only have one more day of spring break then it is back to the grind that is college and the workload that comes with it.  This first week that I am back I have a 5 page single spaced paper due for my East Asian Politics class.. Now just have to do the research.  I could not get the off campus access to work from home for the various databases to look up stuff for that paper.. Oh well be back at Gac tomorrow.    Although it will  be nice to see my friends again at GAC after a week.  I also have to find some time to write that commentary that I talked about below for the Gustavian Weekly.. Not sure if I will get it done for the edition of the paper the week we get back. If I want it to appear then I have to have it in by Tuesday April 5th at 5:30 PM.  Will see how it goes when I get back and my other work.
0	...found out some bad news today about a friend, one of those thinsg that u really can't do anything about either which just makes it worse..  uni is going ok, still working loads, got my graduation for my degree next week,in worcester catherdral, such fun, wish my dad was gonna be there, he's in america, mums going to be there though.
0	I miss you more than you could possibly imagine. I mean, is it normal to cry when you havent seen someone that is "only a friend"?  But, why should I expect more, I mean, it's me ffs, why should my feelings matter to anybody?
1	so i'm officially a pirate now.  not the computer kind, but the real kind that drinks rum and pillages and stuff like that.  dave and i made a group on facebook last night (join if you go to IU)! and you know who is the captain! just call me morgan. hehe  i'm going to a concert in detroit on feb 4-5th.  a band from here is going and since some of us know the guys, we get to go along! yay! only $30 for 2 nights of music and partying! not bad at all.  so i really like this guy and i'm pretty sure he likes me to. but i still have yet to really truly hang out w/ him.  hmmmm.... i dont know what to do.  any suggestions??  goodnight and sleep tight! -dani 
1	It's been a while since I've updated this thing...I tell you being a mom leaves little you time but I love my son so I'm not complaining.  I had I great Christmas, I thank God we had safe trip since we traveled through the worst storm in a decade.  Samuel seemed to have had a good time eating wrapping paper.  It was a good Christmas.
1	Jonathan shocks me sometimes, this morning while I was making breakfast (damn I hate when I have to edit to fix typeos) I was humming a Zeppelin song, just humming not signing. Well Jon out of no where starts belting it out..  Leaves are falling all around, It's time I was on my way.  Thanks to you, I'm much obliged for such a pleasant stay.  But now it's time for me to go. The autumn moon lights my way.  For now I smell the rain, and with it pain, and it's headed my way.  Sometimes I grow so tired, but I know I've got one thing I got to do...    It was the coolest thing a Dad could hear..I'm so pleased with my boy.  Now how in the world could he know that song so well? :) damn cool
1	   So I went to DriveTime and they are gonna finance me.&nbsp; Haven't decided if I want the Ford Focus, I may just end up getting something similar though.        I have to send the title for my car back to my mom so she can sign it and turn it over to me.&nbsp; Then I have to go get a Florida license so I can register the new car here in Florida.&nbsp; I won't actually have the new car for maybe another week or two.&nbsp; That gives me time to come up with some money to add to my trade in.        I can't wait to have a better car to drive.&nbsp; Won't have to worry if I'm gonna make it to work everyday.&nbsp; I guess my car realized I was getting rid of it soon, cause it really started to act up today on my way back from the dealership.&nbsp; I had to put my hazard lights on cause it felt like it was gonna cut off on me.        I feel a road trip coming up pretty soon.&nbsp; I have to go see my niece and nephew in NC.&nbsp;    
1	I pass 2 gas stations on my way to work.  I was pretty low this morning but running late, so I didn't stop on the way there.  Whoops.  When I left work, regular unleaded had gone up $.20 to $2.1999/gal. !!!  It should not cost $30 to fill my 13 gallon compact car's tank.  Boooo.  On the upside, off to NYC tomorrow morning.  Woohoo!  See you (or read you, rather) Sunday.  Oh yeah and GO ILLINI!!
1	CONGRATULATIONS       purplefreak   !!!!  Welcome,    Emily Jean   !!!!   Six pounds, nine ounces. You little snookerdoodle!
0	generally good guys, but when it comes to themselves, they are worse than kids. They just cannot seem to realise the fact that the world does not revolve round them. They are NOT the eventual reason for the existence of humanity.   I am the moderator of the group of our class and now have almost become the policeman/judge. I get a mail today stating  "Dear Ashish, I want to leave this group, please donot ask why. Please remove me, but i will always be in touch with you and blah blah....".   Disgusting.   WTF, you are a part of the group, the group is not you, if u want to leave just F**K OFF.   Quick Update:  Those who know me personally might be wondering what's wrong with Ashish. Actually i am a bit frustrated. Why? Will update that tommorow, just too pissed off to write anything more.
1	Last night was a poker night and I won :-)  More people there this time which meant a bigger pot.  It really isn't about the winning, it's about blokes getting together and doing blokey things and talking about blokey things and well, being blokes I guess.  Twenty bucks in the pot so there's something to play for and still keep it friendly.  If you lose, so what?  It's still heaps cheaper than a night out on the town and a lot more fun.  If you win, so much the better :-)  Moving day is charging at us, I really can't stand moving but this time around it's not so bad.  After two years sharing a flat it's time for our own space.  It doesn't matter how easy going the flat mate is, it's still a clash of territory and it really is time to move on.  Saw some excellent comedy on Friday, seeing more tonight.  Melbourne Comedy festival is great fun.
1	My step mom just had a baby. I still haven't really accepted that I now have a baby sister that I am 22 years older than even though I have had the last 9 months to get used to the idea. Very wierd. I have known that day was coming for a long time but its still weird. I'm old enough to be the kids father. Crazy!
1	Today was a pretty good day. I surprised Matt by waiting for him at Fitzelle after his 8am math class with donuts and chocolate milk...Then later we exchanged gifts. He got me a box of chocolates and wrapped up this shoe box and made a opening in the box for me to put my hand in and put out little pieces of paper which said things he loved about me. I made him an alphabet book thingy...I went through all the alphabet and listed a memory or something special with that letter. It was really chessy...Last year's Valentines day gift was better.  Other things would alright with today too...I got a letter from ILZE! and other things were just cool.   I would write more but I am wicked tired and I am sick. I have been running a fever since last night...I am going to the health center tomorrow afternoon.   I need to clean before I leave for break on Friday. All my clothes are off the floor but my desk is very dusty...oops.  Oh well, I hope you all had a nice Valentines Day...
1	I love days when I get to hang out with Nikki!!!  This weekend felt really short. I wiiiiish it was longer.  Me and Audg watched Jesus movie last night.  I know where I want to go to college.       Whats does your personality rate from 1-10? by   morning_prayer        Your first full name           Your personality rates a    ten      your best quality is    your style      your worst quality is    theres nothing bad about you      this is because    Its who you are               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       IM A TEN!!!  My longterm spanish sub is one of those guys that wear their short a little unbuttoned with his chest hair showing, and gold necklaces and bracelets and has a spanish accent and it makes me happy.  Its freakin like -47238964982365892 degrees in my house cause the heat makes the house smell bad.  IT SMELLS LIKE FALL OUTSIDE!!!! 
1	"Can I be your Lover The one who lays by your side Your eternal soul mate Your dark souled bride"  -Lilith  Only if you wish to make me happy forever.  I love ya.  If you havent guess Lily is a very special girl in my life.  I cant wait to see her in 9 days not counting the day that I see her!  I am gonna kiss her all over the place and ... wait... ummm.......... I am innocent like a pretty bunny!  Gonna go now...
1	I'm in training for a job right now. We had this test tonight that everyone was stressing over. Come to find out it didn't even count towards passing training. They just wanted to see how much we knew. I was the first ones done, and I passed. Not many did, that I know of. I'm so proud!
0	Holy fucking christ! My life's finally starting to slow down. It's been utter chaos for the past month, and I've been unable to do the things that I love. Every single thing in my life exploded, including my body. I guess that going full speed everyday was really kicking my ass. I haven't had the flu in over 3 years, so this time I got it HARD. The holidays really sucked the bag this year, and I'm not sure why. I've become so bored with the same old crap. Maybe I won't take part in it next year. I managed to download the SSBM soundtrack, and I know you all want a piece of that action.;) I was hoping to endulge in Dave's remix greatness before he went back to school, but it looks as though it's too late.*runs away crying*
1	What a wonderful night with the Fab Five. I honestly had an amazing time, but unfortunately my life is still gray (instead of black and white). Best Wednesday night in a long time.
0	i think everyone is mad at me-well sammy cuz she spent the night and i think she was really bored,divina-never called me back, hannah-never called me back   what is wrong with people i didn't do anything  oh and i'm also sad  i talked to him again  he likes this new girl and doesn't seem to get that i am not over him
1	so me and jeph and cody just formed a musical group called "my butt".  "my butt was really tight tonight" "this is the best album to come out of my butt yet" "oh, i play the flute in my butt"  its gonna be awesome
1	  &nbsp; a sexy cowboy...    &nbsp;    +    &nbsp;     &nbsp;a sexy girlfriend...    &nbsp;    =    &nbsp;     good times for as long as i breath and live.    &nbsp;    &nbsp;    &lt;333333333 Lexy ^_^&nbsp; *kiss* 
1	happy EASTER weekend to everyone!   eat lots of candy and chocolate bunnies!!! : )
0	so i just got back from smegs not too long ago. it was a good time. we went for a long walk and had a really nice talk about guys, and getting over them. im really happy that shes okay, because the situation she was in sucked really bad. me, on the other hand; im in quite a pickle right now. i would go into the whole story, but i feel awkward pouring my feelings out to god knows who over the internet. lets just say i think i've screwed things up one too many times for my own good. just know this: sometimes i let stupid little things get in the way of what really matters. and im really not as big of a jerk as i seem.   and yes, that is directed at one certain person...  ...and im too emotional for my own good, but is that bad? and would you care more if i cared less?...   so its pretty effing late, and i have to go to school in the morning...|||suck my ass|||  like a delicate flower 
1	Just a link for one website with a lot of *cute* games ^_^  Orsinal: Morning Sunshine  My favorite is the "cats".
1	Wow I have to leave early tommorow and i havn't even started packing yet. Damn it! oh well.   So since I was sad, i usually eay chocoalte....but I found out that I didn't have any!!! I was soooo sad!!! So insted I decided to have a hot chocolate eat chocolate chip cookies and watch CHOCOLAT!!! OMG I love that movie soooooo much! So insted of eating chocolate I indulged myslef in it.  Bren I was so sad the CSI wasn't on :(   As for secrets and junk I have some which I'd rather tell you all in person so I'm going to hold a day during the break in which only girls may attend and we'll spill. if you want.   Anywho again happy Easter.
0	dear kristen,  i hate you for cancelling our plans today. i hate that the biggest thing i had to look forward to this weekend was seeing you, and it didn't end up happening. i hate that you do this almost everytime we make plans, especially this time since i went and bought chocolate for you. but the worst part is, i really don't hate you at all. i'm just disappointed. but i understand. your grampa is more important than me. i'm just being selfish and want you all to myself. but please try to make room for me more in the future. thank you for your consideration.  love, gordo.   p.s. i will give you the chocolate next time i see you.     [side note: there is no relation between the music i'm listening to and the actual content of this entry. hah]
1	Firefox.  And it has a working pop-up blocker.  I think I'm going to cry from joy.        desdenova   , you were right.  I   should   have switched to OS X years ago.  It's just that it was so slooooowwww on that computer.
1	I'm going to Hamburg on Tuesday with Tris darkskies for dmnk's birthday party \m/  can't wait :oD     
1	Guess what! I've got a job again! A month's assignment at an investment firm downtown, at the same wages I was making at Baker. Woo-hoo! Here I was, just getting used to the idea of long-term unemployment, and happy days are here again! I start tomorrow, which is going to make some interesting scheduling things, but I'm not worried. The future is looking very bright! Now I just need to brush up on Excel spreadsheets a bit...
1	Hi, I'm Miranda and I'm 20 and I live in Northport, AL. So I'm not exactly living in WEST Alabama so I hope it's alright to join. Basically I'm almost done with the frame for my first fursuit which is going to be a dingo. I figured I'd make a dingo because it seems there aren't a lot of them in fursuit form around. I hope to meet some new friends here and everyone have a safe and happy New Year! ^_^
1	 so       piscesboi    and I are officially engaged.  wedding plans are still a ways off, but will be noted when we decide on them.  very exciting :)  in other news, quizes - i took the very awesome quiz by  necrodoll .    You are "Cheshire Cat"      If Looks Could Kill... - Girls & Monsters - Who Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla    
1	Hello, and welcome to my icon journal!  ^_____^  I start out this journal with two icons from the 3rd Harry Potter Movie!  o1.      o2.     The idea for these icons came from  Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban in Fifteen Minutes  on the       m15m    community.  If you haven't read it yet, GO DO IT!!  It's hilarious.  Even if you haven't seen the movie, this piece is hilarious.  I also recommend taking a look at the other movies she did in fifteen minutes.   Troy  was just priceless!  ^.^  And remember, please comment if taking and give credit if you use!  ^____^
1	wheeww...  Well, today feels like it will be a good day. (At least I hope) I passed my nationals yesterday!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOHOO..... I dont have to much time to update. But I hope everyone had a good weekend....just like I did..... Well, talk to yall later!!! Oh and hi to: Dan, Jon, Matt, Tiffany, Wanda, Christy, Juantia, Adam's ans all....
1	Chelsea is in the crib! She's got a baby foam wedge thing to elevate her head, just like mommy has. I fed her and put her down around 9, she fussed till 9:15pm and went right out. She woke up at 11:30pm she was changed, fed about 3oz and put back to bed IN HER CRIB at around 12:20am with minimal fussing according to Randy. (I was at Stop N Shop picking up more formula.) I'm hoping she's loving the wedge pillow and this is going to be a permanent change.  No more swing bed for Chelsea! WooHoo!   I'm off to BED! She'll be up soon enough and will once again get changed, fed in the dark and put back to bed. =) I hope it all goes just as well.
0	I am feeling rather anti-socials latly probably because i haven't done anything with people latly besides rents and ya if anyone has a scanner plz plzzz plz call me i need the hmwk for socials causei just wanna finish everythign and like get hmwk done and ya or for anything plzzz tell me hmwk ahhh anyhu i had a very boring weekend just with rents and sutch so ya watched galaxie quest lmao and this other stupid movie vallia sky and ya ok well g2g cya all on monday
0	hello hey jr i just thought to tell you to call me since I can't ever find you I decided to not call you. When you want to talk then call me please. I love you so much but i can't stand calling you and hearing your voice for 2 minutes and then you ask me to call you later. I am sorry jr but it hurts me sooo much when we don't talk I hope you see this. i love you jr please love me still!
1	Well HI! Whats goin down? uhm...i got some pics. madd chill stuff. CLick it maybe?       Miranda and myself..   Brenna!!! and me   Angie and me!   Ali and Sheree stufffin their faces, lol.   Ali and me after skool   BILLY!!!!   Ali and Sheree again.    Alvero, dude, savage right there.   SALLYY!!!!!   Savannah Miranda and me outsida skool   haha, X-Topher! Good time on the bus ride home. lol.    Dude, Chelsea, wicked hot this pic is.   Sry i stole this pic from Topher, haha, but i like it cuz its 2 of the koolest ppl! =D Cait and Mr. MAtt!
0	backspace backspace backspace... melodrama.  I went to a show tonight at the Black Cat. A fundraiser for a cancer support organization.  Minority Rule  and  Darkest Hour . Both of em were pretty good. I saw Cole there, he was doing the merch stand for Minority Rule.  I went with Becca Cohn. She's pretty cool, I guess.  I'm not in the mood to care much about anything right now I guess.  HEAR ME WORLD? I DON'T CARE! *spit*
1	So wow. Tonight was pretty amazing, and crazy. Sarah, Richie, Gabe and I all ditched 6th period to go to gabes house, then we played pool, smoked some cigarettes and got a little drunk. It was the first time I've actually had alcohol in over 2 months, oh man so lightweight. Hah. Anyways, Taylor came over after and it was awesome. I don't remember all the details unfortunately, but I remember it was awesome. Then we went to the variety show and that was awesome too. It was just an all around good night if I do say so myself, I hope you all had as much fun as I did.  P.S. - No more cement... haha. 
1	just wanted to say howdy to all the other stoners out there and to introduce myself.... but the people in the A2 theater already know me... but i gotta go get ready for my other job so i'll write something later on. Happy New Year to all!!!!
0	well, i'm not really sure what to say... i'm really upset with several ppl right now, but i think it out of my own imaturety that i feel that way. i'm having a hard time excepting the fact that you kids have all changed, some for better, some for worse. i think we all need to step back and look at who is really important to us and who we want in are lifes. i wish ppl could just be friends or be enimies and leave it at that. just cuz you dont like someone doesnt mean you need to destroy their life. i wish I could have the guts to tell some ppl what i really think of them. i wish my only friends were best friends. its so easy to see other ppls problems and flaws, but we ALL need to look at our own problems first, and try to fix them. i hate feeling like this... lets grow up ppl. grow up or get lost, or just dont bug me. -dave
1	To top things off, iTunes now has free downloads every week.  This week, one of the options is Simon Stinger's  French Connection .  It sounds like it was run over by the 80s, but it's quite catchy and makes you wanna get up and point your fingers around the room in an energetic happy dance.  I heartily encourage everyone, especially       unkunvinst    to download it.  ..and for those of you wondering, the look of horror Sam gave me when I played it was far too priceless.  Okay, back to studying for finals.  Three in class, two take homes, and about 20 problems for prob and stats to be done by Wednesday.   ...bring it!  :)  ---------- Post script:  I have no idea what the song is about.  Anna has offered some ideas, but that's just strange.
1	59 Days until Christmas!  LESS than 2 months!  I've been gathering new Nut Crackers as they appear in the stores.  I actually found a US Marine Nut Cracker!  I bought all 3 that they had... two for me and one for Brandy.  I'm so excited as I always try to find different Marines things.  Well, my niece's wedding is almost 2 months away and we are STILL waiting for invitations to be sent out.  Hopefully they will go out this week.  hint* hint* Michelle....  Brandy is heading to Georgia next week to join Steve for his Marine Corps Ball.  She will only be there for the weekend then back home and will return to Georgia for Thanksgiving week for 10 days.  She is looking forward to driving to Kentucky with Steve to visit his sister and their neices that they have yet to meet!  The Playhouse kids are very excited about Halloween.  Most of the boys are going to be Spiderman and the girls are going to be Princesses.  Of course Liz, not to be outdone,  is going to be a bloody skeleton.
1	The event we've all been waiting for for most of our lives.   The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy .  4.29.05.  Wow.  Not  only  is this going to be awesome by virtue of being connected in any way to the book, the script is actually written by Douglas Adams Himself.  And it stars Martin Freeman as Arthur Dent.  Mary, you need to go watch  The Office  now.
1	Right now it is snoooooowing like a mofo. Its expected to drop 18-26 inches from tonight through tomorrow. WTF, I'm so excited. Its so cold and snowy. Amazing. Last night we went skating at Frog Pond right below the State House in downtown Boston. Outside skating when it is 5 degrees outside is exhilerating. Though I told people I didn't have much skating experience, apparently I'm a decent skater. Its not all that different from rollerblading, of which I was a huge fan. Good times. We're so wholesome- ice skating, came home for pizza then watched a movie. And my friend today brough me a bottle o' the Captain care of her older friend. Oh yeah. Wholesome we are up in dis mug.
1	Just so you all don't panic, I deleted the submission topic to keep things more fair for the contestants. Voting will begin now and end on Tuesday. You can pic your three favorite and post a response (which will be screened) and on tueday I will anounce the winner and honorable mentions. Remember, the icon chosen will become the community icon so choose wisely. Good luck to all who entered.       a)  b)  c)  d) e)   f)  g)  h)  i)  j)  k)  l)  m)  n)  o)   Just post a comment with your top three inside (use letters) Happy voting!    
0	Nina's on heat,wich is'nt so HOT for her coz she gets to be locked up with the lambs almost all day,and usually she can go for weeks without even being tied up,I can't stand for the SORRY look she gives me when I leave her,so I give her some munchies,that keeps her head down and tail wagging as I go away..... She was my present from Do and the kids for my 40th B'day,and even though I'm only #3 on her favorites list(Allon being #1 and Do a close #2,she's my constant companion,and great to have around,I miss her.
1	I have a plane ticket to go see my husband on the 20th :) I know hes only been a week but I miss him so much :( part of me goes away when he does :( but im really excited to go see him!   oh yes. I HATE THE SNOW!
1	Um...hi kids...do you know what day it is?  Well...I'll tell you:    ITS HAPPY DAY!!!         Everyone share a happy story/thought....come on...theres no excuse not to have at least one.
1	Last night was so fun. Me, nate, amanda, billy, will, craig, jessica, and a couple other kids i didnt really know hung out at daritinos and just drank out of the kegs. We were all drunk. That basically explains my night. I love that place.  -Amanda- i love you to death, your like my little sister. Thats all i have to say about you.
1	Ok so I decided to take shotfromthehip's advice and I picked up Morphine, acually i picked up 2 of their cd's "Cure for Pain" and "Like Swimming".  Wow great music like a fusion of Jazz,lounge, and rock very nice, if you have heard this band you should run not walk to your nearest music store and get this band.  Also on the music front I picked up Seceret Machines and Pilotdrift from Good Records.  Pilotdrift is cool and funky CJ at Good said they were bringing back his faith in live music, so check them out www.pilotdrift.com they have short samples of their music on the web site.
1	I'm typing this directly into Livejournal whilst lying on my bed.  The wireless network works !!!!!!!!!!! Yay !!!!!!!  I'm back online !!!!!!!  Sorry ... just needed to share that bit of information with you all :p
0	And perhaps only slightly less depressing is the trailer for the impending  The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  movie, which can be seen via the link provided.   This is going to be even worse that the Lord of the Rings catastrophe, and probably twice as popular.
0	     My LiveJournal Trick-or-Treat Haul     rgriff goes trick-or-treating, dressed up as The Wolfman..     kaurick  tricks you! You get a thumbtack.     ronjohn  tricks you! You get an old sock.     justmyself  tricks you! You get a pen cap.     mierin_eronaile  tricks you! You get a thumbtack.     tijae  tricks you! You get a piece of tinfoil.     remyn  tricks you! You get an empty bottle.     edendion  gives you 3 light orange cherry-flavoured nuggets.    rgriff ends up with 3 pieces of candy, a thumbtack, an old sock, a pen cap, a thumbtack, a piece of tinfoil, and an empty bottle.     Go trick-or-treating! Username:        Another fun meme brought to you by   rfreebern  .      You guys are jerks.            
0	 how depressing.. i just tried to donate blood and i couldnt b/c i have a really low iron count.. so low they reccommend i see a physician.. i was really excited to give blood too... *sigh*  in other news i saw the polar express this weekend, im so in the mood for christmas decorations, cookies, and gift getting/giving. ;o) i already started making lists of ideas. :o)   additionally: im extremely greatful that you're my friend.. 
0	he didn't make it.......  I will miss him soooo much, his comfort, his energy that he gave when I am with him, He was indeed The Best dog I could ever ask for, and happy that I was able to raise him, love him, care for him, greive for him, He will always be my baby....my angel..  Hes in a better place now....He is....I have to keep telling myself that.......  Goodbye..                                  REST IN PEACE                                    BRUTUS                                   1993-2004 **************************************** ****************************************   and also I got the vet to tell me how to spell the word,  his  Platelet  count was too low, not blood, I thank her for all her help though...
0	O M G! JUST AFTER I posted in LJ at 10 this morning and right AFTER the bell rang for 3rd period?! I had just finish reading the scanlation of chapter 256!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  O  M  F  G !! !!! !!!!  THAT CHAPTER----   Was THE BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Well... No, but next chapter it better be MORE G/K  One high point  KISAME SWIMS LIKE A SHARKIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 
1	the japanese sweet corn vendors are back.  yes to resistance!
1	Thu Mar 10  Mostly Sunny 57°/29° 0 % (precipitation)  Fri Mar 11  Mostly Sunny 56°/32° 0 %  Sat Mar 12  Mostly Sunny 59°/38° 0 %  Sun Mar 13  Few Showers 55°/36° 30 %   I can definitely live with clear and crisp.  :-)  Somebody call Santa Fe and tell 'em to start assembling margaritas!  [smooch]
1	hey I went to the last home game tonight with Chris Tyler and Mike but we met a lotta people there , ( I wasn't that loud this time)............. anyway i saw the love of my life __________ ull have to guess Shannon tore it up  and now im waitin for my pizza to get here cause my dads at work and mom up north makin dinner to hard.......... Mrs B piked up the 8 of us in the convertible lol we were scushed ........... tommrow Thursaday which means t.v the OC and Appertice watchin American Ifdol tonight lllaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa................ .. wow they be good singers I love Blondie.........Thanks.....
1	Inspired by       laurapoon   , we also would like to share about Anselm's 'computing experience'.  These pics were taken in May. Anselm is always excited whenever he is brought infront of the PC.       Today I touched Anselm's gum and felt something sharp pocking on my finger!!! It is his pearly! That is why he droops more recently and wakes more for nursing at night...
0	 sorry i have updated a million times today but. i just found out that my friends brother comitted suicide.    how can such a misely word cuz so much pain? IF any of your friends shows signs or suicide DON'T be afraid to help.     and if suicide ever goes through your mind, ask for help. go to the hope line things. goodness hold on* goes to good charlotte website*     www.hopeline.com &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  www.asfp.com &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; dont be afraid. please.    okay. thats it.    just i dunno. get help. give help. recieve hope. love.    yeah im going to bed.    kimberlee 
1	I had the most surreal weekend, and it was probably even more so since I ended up getting 5 hours of sleep over the course of two nights.  Still, now that I'm actually well rested and conscious, I can look back at the last few days and say that the weekend ended very, very well indeed. :)
1	So mom called today and said she got a years membership to foxys and wanted to know if i wanted one for x-mas. hell yah. shes prolly gonna make dad buy it for me but who cares its frikin awesome. i really wanna start working out so im excited.   oh yah i also go woken up buy the ups guy deliverin laceys computer. bastard. so now since im awake maybe ill do homework or something. so im out.
0	Well, we officially announced our defeat today.  I was quite surprised that the Guild, during a first spring slot, (couldn't/didn't want to) fill a fairly small spy game.  But nope, we just didn't get enough apps and had to punt.  Oh well.  It looks like the spring is doomed.  I wonder if the Guild plays in summer games any more.  I guess we'll find out.
1	wow--tomorrow is the first day of my LAST SEMESTER OF COLLEGE!!!! YAAAAY!!! well, at least until i become a french major and have to go BACK to school... :/  whatev.  FOUR MONTHS TIL PARIS!!!!!!! SO FUCKING EXCITED!!!!! :D  viva la france!!!!
1	Well I actually got home from church somewhat early tonight.  Supriseing but nice to get in early for once.  Tonight was powerful, I really enjoyed the worship.  God just did a really great work tonight through out the worship.  There were several people that went up to the front and just knelt down in the presence of God.  We got a new sound board and it's pretty cool.  I guess Todd is going to take over sound and I'll just concentrate on power point, videos and other stuff of that nature.  That's fine. It was always kind a pain trying to make sure everyone sounded ok and then doing the power point.  Now I can just concentrate on one thing.  Hung out for a little bit afterwards and then took Sebass, Jennifer and Brian home and now here I am.    Not to many people are on so I thought I'd do a quick entry.  I feel good.  I'm kind hungry though.  I think I shall venture into the kitchen and see what I can dig up to eat.    God bless and write at you all later.
0	why do i feel like no ones gives the slightest fuck???
0	I've had years to get over it now, but really, my disappointment will  never wane!!   It couldn't have been worse than the cartoon version, at any rate =D
1	  VAL IS HERE........ALL THE WAY FROM VEGAS...I WILL BE TOO BUSY TO UPDATE LIKE WHOA SO ILL BE REFRAINING FROM BEING AN UPDATE WHORE FOR THE NEXT WEEK        &nbsp;     LOVE ME  
1	Well, I havent done this in ages.   Today was relativley boring normal day at school. Did work, went to school chior, drowned out the entire soprano & alto section, had lunch, did more work, came home. Good things, though. Going out with Kat, get to miss a day off school to go to see the Irish guards with orchestra on Wednesday. On thursday night heading off to Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia to see my Dad whos been working out there for the last two months. Unfortunately I wont be around to see anyone at Half term, and Ill have to revise while there for exam the day after i get back. Ah well. (I get back on 1st November)  Untill Next time
1	No class. No work.  No class until March 21st. No work until the 19th. And then, no work again until the 24th.  I'm doing nothing. And loving it.
1	Check out the flash site of the iMax 3D movie, "Polar Express" at  http://pdl.warnerbros.com/wbmovies/pola rexpress/flashsite/   It is really well designed !!!
0	Awwww.... my cousins didn't come. :'( Pueyyyy.... :(
0	i am so stupid everything is all fucked up cause of me feels like nothing is going right right now.    FUCK    -dan-   ps try to cheer me up if u can bye
0	ugh, bad hair day! i feel like changing my head scalp!  i need a new hobby, seriously. i feel more dead than alive.
1	Ee.  It's rather humbling when someone goes and writes your story better than you did.  ;)  Yet really cool in that you get to go read a great-ass story!  So, I highly recommend going and reading the  It Came From the Sky!!! (this is who we are at the end of the world remix) .  Because it turns my silly little tentacle-JC story into.. a really really good, creepy-as-all-get-out, suspenseful story.  With a Chris-POV, so I really won't complain about that one.  ;)  But at any rate, what are you still doing HERE?  You should go read!  Go!  Read!
1	I proposed, she said yes :)    So now, Lindsay and I are an official engaged couple ring and all.  Oiy, now comes the planning stuff...but for now we're just going to revel in the fact that we're newly engaged :)
1	another night without cro. that combined with my recent in-game run-in will greed and bullying left me a bit lack-luster when it came to leveling. i only played for about an hour, but i must say that the nonpledge cheered me up just by being who they are. evil and rotten, but true blue sweeties ... * **** *** guys. :) (sorc will have to translate).  cro will be here for real again soon, so nomatter how crappy i feel, there is an underlying layer of excitement. woohoo!
0	 i've felt so down lately.  the best thing i did this weekend was watch my handpicked most depressing episodes of sex & the city (e.g. "La Douleur Exquise!" where big is a real big asshole to carrie and she realizes she's done w/ him b/c it "f-ing hurts so bad"; "One," when charlotte miscarries in season 6; and "Running with Scissors" when carrie tells big "We're so over we need a new word for over").    oh well.  serenity now.     "Every passing minute is another chance to turn it all around."  - vanilla sky  
0	rosie's fort officially reighns supreme  ahhh shit dude the pope died... ya soon there will be a mass at my school  people at my school make me want to die.. ahh i saw a brunch of them today, one is too much  i like going back to things and having them make sence, it makes me feel supa smart for figuring shit out that i didnt get before  im really just blabbering
1	 Countdown to good stuff!    Fall Out Boy  @ Webster: 1 Month and 5 Days (April 22nd)  Legal in : 1 Month and 6 Days  (April 23rd)  Iron Cross @ Continental [nyc] : 1 Month and 7 Days (April 24th)  Dashboard @ SHU : 1 Month and 11 Days (April 28th)  Blanks 77 @ CBGBs : 1 Month and 14 Days (May 1st)  Les Mis : 2 Months and 2 Days (May 19-22)
0	 Luther  sucked bigtime.  If you like historical movies, don't fucking bother.  It was PAINFUL.  As soon as I saw it had been produced by a Lutheran organization I knew all historical accuracy went flying out the window.
0	Today my beloved brother left for Banglore n on thursday night we will be flying to US since hes been tranferred from Banglore to US. He would be working at the Sun head ofice, Sanfrancisco. California.  Iam bit sad about his leaving. It really feels a lot after being together and near for so long. Over these years he has influenced me in many roles as a loving brother, caring gaurdian, a mentor and very much a role model. But i know shifting to US is for the good of both of us and our family. Initially it'l be a hard truth but i need to digest it. I know it. He'l be visiting us twice a year.                                           I miss him very much.
0	saw randy today. fun times.   had riding, that was fun. freddie brought me there and brought me home we hung out for a while at my house then we went and got an ice cream nad he dropped me off at my house.  then my dad told me to come into their room and handed me something from the school...  well, got the letter that I didn't pass geometry. :(. so summer school starts 7/6-7/30, 7:30-2:30, monday-friday as far as I know. I failed.  :(. sadness.
1	I went skiing today and I must say that it was way awesome.  There was a little communication breakdown, but it was solved.  Cell phones don't work up there.  Does that make any sense?  Coming home I was so tired that I fell asleep.  As usual, I looked attractive; drool, snoring, and all that good stuff.  This day definitely deserves a repeat.  Anybody up for a little outing?  "I'm a new day rising  I'm a brand new sky to hang the stars upon tonight" 'Times Like These' ~Foo Fighters
0	   I'm never going to be enough for him. No matter what I do.   He's become like my family, my home. I'm never going to be his.   And there's nothing I can even do about it. I can't be his parents, or anyone who knew his parents. I'm just... me.   And that's not enough.
0	I should have done this yesterday, but I never got around to it.  Here's a link to my  slashdot journal  about yesterday.  I posted there because she had lots of friends there.
1	Woo!  A laptop of my own, it's about time!  And it's purdy and shiney and happy too..  Centrino 1.3G, 64M video, and a DVD burner..  I think I need to get a drool shield to protect the keyboard...
1	I got a job!!!  Finished my current round of substitute work yesterday, got a new job today.  I will start medio May. I'll be teaching 4th grade Danish, English and History as my main work and then there'll be some other stuff as well.  This is pretty cool. Life is good.
0	I'm really sick of regreting everything. I mean, seriously, it's killing me! Like, I want to tell someone something SO bad. I have had So many chances but I blow them all. It sucks. I really hate it. I think I am just scared of getting hurt, but I don't want to get hurt. I think that, that is the only thing holding me back. I have gotten hurt SO much in my life, and I'm just scared to get hurt again. =(   Why is telling someone your feeling's for them so hard? =( =(
1	Check out the  official Don Murphy website  and click on the red truck in the upper right hand corner. There will be a major announcement at this year's San Diego Comic-Con (July 22-25). If you aren't able to guess what it is, you'll just have to wait for things to TRANSFORM together in the coming days for an official announcement.   I'm also so happy that Farscape is going to be back- I saw a commercial for it on the Sci-Fi channel last night. Yay!
1	apparently i'm stupid. i'm playing some trivia game that  tiffygirl  alerted me to, and the only question i got completely correct in the first round had to do with sports illustrated swimsuit models. hi, i'm a dyke.  issues begone! i want to enjoy this one. he's wonderful, he's beautiful, and he's mine. back off, turtle.  i am ashamed to admit that i have still not polished my toenails. does anyone know what the hottest shade of the season is?  my momma  cannot  be trusted to take out the trash.  i think it's sexy when a guy loves his dog (or cat, or any other animal he chooses to own). back me up.  i'm glad ruben won. he seems like a nice young fella. and he's from tha dirty south. mad props, yo!  those eyes are gonna get me into trouble. bring it on.
1	In case you don't have       yankdotorg    in your friends list, a new set of pictures and fan arts were uploaded to  WeirdAl.com's Gallery  a couple days ago.
0	math100 finals today, 9:15-11:15 am.  can i just say-- FXCK.  math = undesirable entropy  my life would've been much simpler without it, thank you very much.   the anxiety sinks in so slowly it stings.  my OC-ness cannot tolerate the fact that i am incapable of optimistic assessment of my math skills. perhaps, because there is no reason for a positive assessment on my behalf. the sadness of the fate i must live with.   sabi ni gary v. sa kanta nya (obviously taken from Proverbs 3:4-5),  teach me to trust in you with all of my heart-- to lean not on my own understanding.  i just forget, you don't give me what i can't bear.  take me out of the dark my Lord  i don't want to be there.    with all my best given during that exam, the only thing left to me now is  faith .  especially now, when i feel most alone in my life after so long....  i hope that tomorrow the sun would shine and give me new hope..
1	   I have officially fallen. Hard.          &nbsp;      And it is so cool.          &nbsp;      I feel amazing and yet completely vunerable at the same time.          &nbsp;      "And the sun is shining and this road keeps winding        Through the prettiest country, Georgia to Tennessee.        I've got the one I love beside me        My troubles behind me        I'm alive and I'm free.        Who wouldn't wanna be me?"          &nbsp;      &nbsp; 
0	Just my luck... seems I managed to scare the shit out of a friend for no reason I can determine. After which he stopped talking to me. Then I come back to my NG, and as usual, people are pissed off... I like to think of myself as a generally nice, easygoing person, but I seem cursed with an uncanny ability for making other people mad at me. And my friends wonder why I hate to go out socializing... when it gets people to hate me more often than not, what's the point? Sometimes I wonder why I even bother at all.  Ah, well, friend was talking (to me) a little later (though related to work we had to do)... maybe that'll be ok. The remaining handful of friends is plenty big enough for my tastes, thank you. So, there're a few people in life that are definitely worth having... I could do without the rest.
1	My favorite aspect of Christmas is that everyone is in a great mood. ___________ _____*_____ ____***____ ___*****___ __*******__ _*********_ _____**_____
1	I would like to cordially invite you all to mine,       glaswegian_took   's, and       qpsiphi1911   's union birthday party.  But yes, yes.  It will probably be much of the same.       glaswegian_took   's birthday is on the 15th of October, but will be celebrating on the 29th of October, which is Friday, my birthday. If you can make it, we'd love to have you! Say... around 7ish? Costumes are optional.
1	...but it's coming a week early.  My brother and his wife are visiting this week.  It's been months since he's been here from Austrailia.  The whole family is having Thanksgiving a week early this year since he and his wife can't be here next week.  It should be a lot of fun!!!!
0	"I Love You"...how many times have i heard it already...to hear this again from a different person...it hurts...this 3 simple words can mean alot of things...its hard for me to say "I Love You" to people...i really mean it when i say that...i have only once said that to that special one in my life...i wonder how some people can juz say "I Love You" that easily...do you really mean it when you say "I Love You?" I wonder...do you really mean it?doesn't matter anyway...my heart is dead already...
0	thanx for posting everyone, i leave tomarow morning, i didnt get to hang out with everyone sorry. and i'll miss all of you i'll be back the 29th for warped tour.pray my plane doesnt go down!:)                &lt;3bye everyone
0	So today is gonna suck HARDCORE... I've made the decision to break up with arunue. If you know me well, then you can figure out that I hate breaking up with people cuz I don't like hurting anyone. I just hope this goes over better then the last time I broke up with someone(and talked about it here). I'll post again afterwards. Bye for now.
1	yippie!! finally got my journal looking how I want it, now i can sit and drool at arcadia nick without there being a white diary entry in the way &gt;:( grr that was annoying!
1	Only 2 hours until New York, while eating fast food I might use a spork. Riding the bus won't be much fun, but staying at the Plaza will be sweet...hon. I don't have to do homework for like, 2 weeks, ha ha ha ha, I'm such a geek  Sweet Jesus, what an amazing poem!
1	Calling all columbusites:  Gaelic Storm is playing at the Blarney Bash in Dublin this Saturday night at 915pm.  Other groups performing that day include Hooligans, Knot Fibb'n, and Brigids Cross (none of who i've seen, but i'm always up for discovering new groups).  Admission to all this is free.  LocationL 600 Metro Place North in the Clarion Dublin Hotel--or rather, the heated outdoor tent at the hotel.  Anyone who wants to go (or who needs me to buy them a t-shirt and hasn't already commenced the begging process) let me know.  Ill probably head over in the early or late afternoon ~3pm or so, depending on the health of my final paper.  It would be awesome to have some company (that means you, lucki_dog).
1	Something finally went right. We got the aprt we looked at last night. The rent is $160 less then what we pay currently. I cannot wait to move. Its smaller than what we have now but its a needed change.   We will be able to move in by the end of the month. We are paying about half of the deposit tonight and then the rest on wed when I get my check and some of the rent.    yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!   the aprt is in Sauk Rapids. So I won't be moving to far away.
1	Merry Christmas/Happy Holidays everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Hope you have an awesome week away from school!
0	um. Today sucked. I was told no one would care if i moved. Shall I move then? What's the point in living here when no one even cares about you and you hate it here anyway? Makes no sense.. Brandon's not even talking to me right now. He comes back from away, I ask him what's wrong and he sits there for a long time and finally puts up an away message. I don't know why the fuck I'm even here. Soo.. I'm gonna go sleep the day away only to wake up at 3 in the morning and fall asleep in class, get yelled at, and get pushed around by faggot Pohat. Mr K wants us to name 3 rights we want for our school. How about the right to NOT go to school when you dont want to, no matter what ur parents say? I can't believe i have to go to a therapist now. And she thinks I need an "anti-depressant". Fuck that. Nothing's ever gonna make me happy.
1	FALL OUT BOY CONCERT TONITE..  AHHHHHHHHH SO EXCITED!!!!          i want spaghettios with meatballs so bad right now you dont even know
1	Hope  you all  had a great Christmas and New Year. :)  So, does anyone else think that Shakespeare's Sisters' "Stay With Me" would have made a perfect soundtrack for the film, "Poison Ivy"?     If this world is wearing thin And you're thinking of escape I'll go anywhere with you Just wrap me up in chains But if you try to go alone Don't think I'll understand  Stay with me Stay with me  In the silence of your room In the darkness of your dream You must only think of me There can be no in-between When your pride is on the floor I'll make you beg for more  Stay with me Stay with me  You'd better hope and pray That you make it safe Back to your own world You'd better hope and pray That you'll wake one day In your own world  Because when you sleep at night They don't hear your cries In your own world Only time will tell If you can break the spell Back in your own world  Stay with me... Stay with me... Stay, stay with me... Stay, Stay, Stay, Stay, Stay… Stay with me   Or is it just me? ;)
1	two nights ago i had a dream and dir en grey was in it.     Totchi and Shinya were asking me where the dancing classes were they were on the top floor.    Kyo and the rest of them were helping me find Totchi and Shinya because they were gone for a long time.    And then i couldn't find the rest of them then i was really really sad.    I wasable to see them and we were running toward eachother.....  but then i woke up and never got to hug them.
1	ben and i looked for places to live today. we've found some pretty promising abodes. i want to live next to funk and eric so much it's DISGUSTING. i think it may happen. my life will be complete. &lt;3  im super tired. i biked to the museum of natural history and back today. i met my Earth Science class there for a field trip and totally miscalculated the distance. since i never do exercise and have the strength of a four year old baby, i predict aching limbs tomorrow morning. i also woke up this morning feeling like someone punched me in the boobs really hard. uncool. i think travis beats me up in his sleep... or rather in my sleep. jus' playin boo. jus playin'.     yes, i'm that lame that I'd go as far as to make my own graphic in photoshop in honor of my dream living situation.   adieu :)
1	were off to myrtle beach in about an hour! im very excited! yay! it will be nice to get away for a week. im just praying we get good weather! its so iffy weather wise there right now. so yeah. thats all to report. sleep and sun! hoorah! have a good march break all!
0	 To anyone reading this in the immediate future... PLEASE HELP ME!      I have this Ancient History essay due, oh, about 27 minutes ago and it's not even half done and it's worth 25% and I'm rambling and omg I need someone to cheer me up..      So please, give me the greatest gift of all (laughter, sanity or a time-turner, take your pick) and comment with something that'll make me laugh or feel better.      fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuck 
1	Well I am Quite bored write now. I am talking to Kim O'farrell. She cool we are talking about boys and how difacult they are. I know it sounds like we are boy bashing but we aren't. Well I don't have anythng left to say so c-ya.
1	People are likely to of all ready seen this, but I'll post it anyway. :)           To everyone who gave Gab (      gabfury   ) money! :D  
1	I just NAILED  a phone job interview for a backend/desktop support job in  a mixed environment  company  that is 3.5 miles away  from where I live, door to door.  I am going in next week for an in house interview that I will hopefully nail as well.   I  am fucking stoked.  Be happy for/with  me and wish me luck in getting the job.
1	last day of the 2002. i only got 1 new year's resolution! i'll think about the others later! my server (stereophonik.com) down :( i cant go tp my site! it suckie. i wanna upload a nu layout but ...   I'm thinkking of buying a new cellphone. and it's T68i like james bond has :) I'm gonna buy the accessories too, the communicam and the mp3 handsfree :)
1	Today was a really good day.  Did alright on my math quiz, and I got a 26/30 on the notebook test, will help my grade quite a bit.  Spring break.  Hell yeah.  Hehe.  Time for relaxation.
1	hi. luckily for me, valentine's day was perfect. i gave brandi flowers that matched her dress and she gave me a note apologizing for the past few days/weeks in general and then we had a good time. at about 10 oclock we had already finished making out so we just kind of laid there and started talking. we proceeded to spend two hours telling each other stories and it was great. then i went home and hated it. everyone raise your hand if you think brandi should move in next door. show tonight. i'm scared. test this afternoon. i'm scared.
1	Laura and I went to go play bingo tonight!!  We won forty dollars between the two of us...we would have won more but i forgot to mark a number and we didn't catch it in time!!!  Plus we won a cheesecake platter as a door prize!!!  It was a bunch of fun...and get this....we went with my parents!!!  Tomorrow should be a bunch of fun as well!!
1	It's  Opening Day!   Must crank up "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" as performed by the Goo Goo Dolls.  The sun in St. Louis shines a little brighter, the air is a little fresher, and everyone in the city has a little more spring in their step and hope in their hearts than they did a few days ago.  Well, everyone with the possible exception of  Nikko .
1	Teasers:   &    This is my first ever songset but then I love this song. It's Boulevard of Broken Dreams by Green Day. [  Lyrics  ] All the pictures (except the first one) are from [  Veritaserum  ]                                   Go on... check out all of my icons: [  Click Here  ]   Please don't hotlink. Credit is always appreciated but I wont hunt you down and beat you with a dead ferret if you don't. Don't claim them as your own or I will hunt you down and beat you with a dead ferret. I know I've said it before but I'll say it again, I am a comment junkie. Feed my addiction. It makes me happy. =)  -Lizi xxx
1	        haikuchallenge    is a new comm where you can post your haiku.  
1	I'm home!  I made it.  Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
1	i have REALLY cute hair now.. but i need a straightening iron! preferably one that costs under $300  work xmas party tonight :D :D :D :D
0	no one is even interested. and when i think about it my throat closes, and its harder to breathe, and tears come to my eyes. all i want is to be loved. thats all. one interest. after all of these lunches, meeting ALL OF THESE PEOPLE. not one interest. am i THAT UGLY!? what is wrong with my personality. i just dont want to crawl back to the ex.. and thats what will happen if i dont meet anyone. i dont want to be alone. it hurts so bad.   today i thought i found someone i reallie liked, and i like him. i can tell i do. he isn't interested in one bit. he doesnt reallie even care if we're friends. i hate how they just dont even care if we're friends. why am i so boring? uninteresting? not needed as a friend? why am i some sort of extra baggage?   what is wrong with me?  i just dont get it. i wish there was something special. but there's NOTHING HERE. i'm not special to anyone. at all. not even a friend. there's nothing.
1	 yay i was bummed out earlier and now i'm happy once again thanks to two convos with two awesomeee people!!! :) :) :) :)  hcl608: ooooh rap music is lovely martha2361: haha yes it is, i dont normally listen to it but when im happy driving home from school i do b/c its fun to dance to, in my white girl way. 
1	I just wanted to say...  OMG, Flake!!        scribblemoose   , I love you! Thank you so much for all the wonderful stuff! I really wasn't expecting the package I had to pick up to be from you! I *love* the wallscroll, it's the best Saiyuki one I've seen, and everything else is just yummy! (I'm hording the Flake bars, I have to make them last!)  You're so awesome, I just can't thank you enough!  *big hugs*
1	I'm gonna be gone until Sunday or Monday. So I'm gonna write something. I'll update on Sunday or Monday and let ya'll kno what went on this weekend. I'm so exited cos I haven't seen my gramps and gran in a long time! Wish me luck! lol! well, ttyl! ~Minxie~  Jesus rocks my world~
0	the story is, guys,  i'm way sensitive and you all just need to learn to read my mind and say exactly what it is that will make me feel better, instead of not.  k?     some of you have done a ok job of this in recent days, though i suspect it must have been at least partially accidental.  nonetheless, i thank you.  p.s. since i don't comPLETELY expect the world of your mindreading abilities, i'll tip you off that responding to this with an inane "i can't read your mind but i hope you feel better!" type comment will NOT make me feel better.  it will annoy me.  so... deal.
0	FROM THE LATEST NEWS OF THE EE:     VERY VERY SAD....      http://www.hdr-see.de/neue_seite_4_e.ht m      Something I really hope, is that Gandalf is not portrayed as a heartless asshole, when Saruman ***dies***    in the books, we get a clear view of his compassion and all that, but in the movies, he is much less..."kindhearted" and merciful.    ***like in beating up Denethor, etc...    I would be really pissed if he has no emotion to seeing his friend- now enemy- of two thousand years dying horribly before his eyes. =(
1	I am going to see Pretty Girls Make Graves on Wednesday January 26th at Mesa Luna!  Would anyone like to see them with Anneth and I? Tickets are $12.   Also: The Evaporators and friends SPCA benefit on North Van, Saturday January 22nd. Tickets are $10. Would anyone like to see the evaporators with anneth and I? (Caitlin?)
1	as much as i love this journal . . . it's nearly time for me to leave it . . .
1	Eight elevens = eight months!      YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
1	HAPPY 15TH BIRTHDAY RADHIKA PATEL!  YOU ROCK MY SOCKS...I LOVE YOU! HEE HEE! :-D
1	Don't know if anyone else has seen it yet. The Today Show just had the unveiling of the cover for "Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince"     WAY COOL!   It shows Harry and Dumbledore standing over what very well could be a Pensieve.  Lots of green color makes it rather ominous, though.   ETA:  Uploaded icon of new cover! WOO-HOO!
1	Today was the first time I had fun in a while.  Sarah invited me to have dinner with her, Kim, Cassandra and Karen A.  So I went.  Then Kim, Cassandra, Sarah and I went to see Finding Nimo.  On the way home, We saw some cute guys driving.  :)  Cassandra and I decided that we are going to move away and start a new life where no one knows us.  I think the both of us deserve it.  She deserves it way more than me though.  Oh well. Time for bed.
0	No one is leaving me any sexy messages damnit! :( I'm very disappointed.
1	Oh man, this weather is awesome. it reminds me of halloween.  We should go to some haunted houses when the open up.
1	Just like to wish a very happy birthday to       berin    and       tyber_de    *hugs you both tightly and places party hats on your heads* Hope you two have a wonderful birthday. :)
1	So I am at my intern. i really like it, but I dont like working for the defense. I have to help fight keep the bad guys out of jail. No fun. Steven moved to AR. Its hard not being able to see him everyday, but it is good that way I can get this scool stuff done and see where this road takes me. I am really happy though.  I talk to Steven everyday I am getting my work done, and not worrying about a thing. It feels good to know that your life is going somewhere.... I get to leave in 4 days. I am really excited to be in his arms again. Karen is going to let Kadin come back to AR with us. This is going to be a really nice spring break.
1	Well, I heard yesterday (and had it verified today) that *I* was chosen out of the three temps to go with the boss to the big conference in Flagstaff!  What does that mean? I won't be able to have net access very often for about a month. I know, it sucks. But, it's a big promotion and free sorta vacation for me. :) Sure, I'll spend 3 weeks in a nice hotel while I work 5-6 hours a day checking out casinos. Sure. :)  My job kicks ass.
1	I've checked my email just now... I guess Rinoa was at work at the time she sent me that email? [sighs] Being unemployed sucks...  It's good to know I'll be in touch with all my friends. ...And I thought Selphie would get a journal in a heartbeat. She seems a little sluggish. C'mon Selphie, I know you. [grin]  I have to go. Rinoa's awake, and I have to talk to her.
0	I give up!   ...OH, Im also in tampa right now! yay!
1	BITCH!!!!   ha ha i bet i go you attition....alright there is a show next weekend at KoC in warren Michigan and you fucking ass holes better get off your asses and GO  ~the knights of colombus*on april 15th*doors ope at 6*its on 9 and mound*in warren michigan*its 7$ at the door*  ~the band are a sundial*the slaughterhous five*the broadway*alucard*half the battle*and the weekend   me ans kat are FORSURE GOING.....if that makes any difference to you ass holes who like my best frined and obsess over her....yeah well im sick of being used by you.
1	going to good vibs today! its gonna be hell cool.  i havnt even seen the stage line-up yet lol  for my 21st we are going to the sit-down comedy club and then going out - i'm handing out invitations monday :)  and meh thats about all  heaps of stuff running around my head but none will stop long enuf to come out my fingers
1	I'm an uncle!  Yay!  Morgan Alexander Still was born today in England.  There was much rejoicing...  c.
1	thank you so much everyone! i had a blast! more please;P and someday a weekend something? *crosses fingers for a snow day*
1	so my mom gave me the best gift in the world yesterday and she didn't even know it.  It is a 1928 Modern Library edition of Mrs. Dalloway.  She found it in her garage.  it is worth hundreds of dollars.  my mom had no idea that this is something i could only dream of buying for myself...not to mention the fact that it belonged to my sweet-ass grandmother.
0	Turut berduka cita untuk semua korban peristiwa pemboman di depan gedung kedutaan besar Australia tanggal 9 September yang lalu. Semoga arwah para korban diterima di sisi-Nya dan untuk keluarga yang ditinggalkan, semoga Tuhan memberikan kekuatan dan berkah-Nya.
1	I am going to The Incredibles tonight :D  SO excited.  Expect a review here asap :)  EDIT!  For all the people who will not read the entire review I give it 10/10!  I think it is the BEST animated movie I have ever scene. The characters were animated realistically.   By far my favorite characters would have to be Edna Mode, Elastigirl, Violet and Dash. Why not add Jack Jack in there.  They were all animated brilliantly. Edna Mode was written and designed so well. Elastigirl really looked, and felt like a mother in trouble, always having to stretch to make the family work. Dash was amazing, funny, and had one of the best chase scenes I have ever scene in a movie. Violet to me was underrated. She wasn't used enough but still amazing. Jack Jack with out spoiling anything is an interesting character. Very cute, yet... never mind you will find out.   Overall the movie was fantastic. I recommend everybody to go and see it!   THIS SHOULD WIN an Oscar!  10 out of 10!!!
1	I'm finally done with all my classes, and I have to wait until next Friday to find out my official final grades, but they should be pretty good.  I'm back in town for winter break, just like everybody else.  Hopefully I'll see people that I don't get to during regular circumstances.  It's so nice not to have school weighing me down for a month.  Christmas party today, see you guys later.
1	I'm not liking this time of year when formal is approaching, and I have no idea who to go with. What a bother...Someone please just take me instead so I don't have to ask you. I still have to read two chapters in history and finish the Sun Also Rises (with full comprehension of the book)by Friday. But after that, I'm off free for 2 weeks! I've said it a million times already, but I'm so happy! I love, love, love Thanksgiving cuz it's an excuse to eat all you want all day. I'm in love with food. Like Clara says, it's my anti-drug (that and running-haha). Also, I get to see my cool family and not have school. It's a grrreat time of the year. So I have to go finish my homework and then go to bed. And NO ONE mention formal to me. I will strangle you.
1	Third day in the new house and things are shaping up nicely.  We've figured out that we've got everything we need except furniture and a wide screen telly.  In other news I'm now an uncle.  My sister gave birth the same day we moved in.  That's going to be wierd, being an uncle to someone on the other side of the world.  Life is good.
0	so i just got to know my very first bonified 'emotional cripple' -- it's just too bad it took me almost two months to figure it out.   with these 'cripples', of course, there is no hope for a rewarding, healthy relationship.   but yet, she dumped me... because i just couldn't possibly understand all she's been through and going through now. i don't know her, couldn't if i tried. and it 'hurts' her to know she can't make me happy.   fuck that.   but still, it makes me sad for her, because i really do believe the girl is messed up emotionally. i'm serious about that -- but obviously, there is nothing i can do for her. believe me, i tried.
1	Mmmm, ice cream. Real vanilla ice cream with crushed chocolate. Mmmmm.  Oh yeah, I'm alive. :)
1	last night was fun!!! i had such a good time. except i hurt my toe when we came home and i cried. but besides that everything is going better. my grades still sort of suck, but there's only 3 weeks left so i don't really care. it's too nice outside for school work. does anyone want to go to fall out boy with me the 21st?? no one will go with me :(           look what me and julia found in the bathroom.   
1	         You Belong in New Zealand                   Good on ya, mate  You're the best looking one of the bunch  Though you're often forgotten...  You're quite proud of who you are         What English Speaking Country Do You Belong In?   
1	Munthing is still not above a trend. :)      :)    Finny in a suit. :D    This is my favorite picture of Fin. :)    Rebellious phase. ;)    I am so pretty. :D    My legs are shiny. Ahahaha. Um. Yes.    ...Who's that other chick? o.o    And another one of Finny. Looking very suave. :)
1	      You scored as  Catholic . Welcome to the One, Holy, CATHOLIC, and Apostolic Church! You my Friend are a Catholic.      You have a strong sense of something outside of yourself and feel drawn to answer profound questions to satisfy your desires.  You recognize that truth isn't self-centered or about inventing something new, but rather following the road map of your heart to a bigger picture.  You are probably baptized.       Catholic             80%       Christian             75%       Anarchist             55%       Buddhist             55%       Cult             50%       Jewish             40%        Religion   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	Well it appears that I have quite a few Jobs just jumping up and hitting me in the face. As of now I start at PPG monday, 3rd shift (12 to 8am) and my mom is putting in an appliction for me to GM, which will likely hire me.  Unfortunatly both of these places seem to be wanting me for quite some time and that may not allow me to go to Otakon this year. It is very unlikely that I would have the ability to call off such days, just starting out.   Oh well life is all about Sacrifice, loss and gain. and from most of the stories of truely great men the more you risk and lose the more you gain and the closer to your dreams you become.
1	2 day after skool i went 2 laurens house and we played video games and had interesting conversations. when i got home my little neighbors were outside and they wanted me 2 pull them in the wagon so was like nooooooooo but my dad was like just for 5 minutes. then i ate dinner, called ppl, and watched tv...what else! lol so umm yea them me and my mom decided 2 play pool. yea well i suck at pool BIG time and cuz of that she bet me $10 and it was the funniest thing...4 once i won!!! i like never win, but owell it was great!! ttyl ppl! &lt;3 brooke
0	Things were going so well until recently... It's such a struggle to actually stay awake at the moment. I'm going to give in now and go to sleep.
0	what a horrible day......just when i think things are finally starting to get better, bad things happen......why does life have to be so cruel? i cried on justin's shoulder for like 10 minutes after school today, i don't know why, i just started crying.....it felt good that i could cry on his shoulder though....i'm glad he's still there for me......ahh....i wanna say so many things right now, but i can't seem to find the words.......oh well.....
0	Well I'm in 4th period being bored so I thought I'd get online. I just read my last entry and saw the posting I was waiting for. Though it was'nt the answer I was looking four its all good because the situation did not change the friendship till this point. But I do feel a little pain but who knows what will happen down the rode as we talk and get to now each other more. Well I'm still looking for the damn ass who says I broke his windshield.... so is my dad. Today I have baseball practice finally after like.... 1 week. I plan to get the team drunk on the way back from are game this friday against Sailasaw. Well got to go I'll gget back later.  P.S. Yes were still on for this weekened! Megan, Sam, Emilio, Danny, Louis, Jesus, and others
0	I just learned that  Hunter S. Thompson is dead . According to the news accounts, he fatally shot himself at his home near Aspen earlier this evening.  This is sad news, but I suspect       docbrite    will be devastated.  I'm at work and don't have her e-mail, and I'm not on her LJ friends list, so if one of our mutual friends could break the news, I'd appreciate it. Better from one of us than from CNN.
0	Just when life seems to be going great yet another car crash makes you realize that you better enjoy every moment to the fullest cause you never know what tomorrow will bring.  Here I am going to see the Backstreet Boys for a second time and high on life because things can't be going better then Friday night Michelle's cousin Jen is killed in a car accident.  I'm not liking the trend I see with young people I know dying in car accidents every year.  I can't even begin to imagine what Michelle is feeling right now.  I tried calling her but she didn't anwser her phone which is totally to be expected.  I wish she would have called me.  I know nothing I could have said or done would have made Jen come back but I want her to know that I am here for her.  I just keep thanking God that Michelle wasn't in the car with Jen that night.  I honestly don't know what I'd be doing right now if she was...
1	a few changes and things couldnt be better........except......i totally got jewed at work......fuckers
1	i passed!!! now, i really truly hope helene is our teacher next month.  :)
1	Well, it's 2005.  That's a good thing.  2004 was a bag of mixed blessings.    And hopes for 2005?  Perhaps a more dedicated exercise regime... still want to do the back-country camp next summer, and it would be nice to wear the bikini collection again.  Must start in Indy this week.  Reconnect with friends lost and led astray.  It seems there are an awful lot of my friends of lives past who are out there, and I've lost contact with about 85% of them.  It would be nice to talk to those people again.  Finishing my MBA would be nice.  And then there's Girlchef...  Ah, the year has so much potential.  2005 here we go!
1	I just got a call from a company called Inspiration Software. We had a very positive talk, we'll have to see what happens. It would be interesting to work out in the 'tron again :) At least I'd have the option to take a bus to work, that would be really cool. I don't like being dependent on the car one bit.  Think good thoughts for me, 5 years at the labs is *enough*  In other news this Monday is cruising right along, and I don't feel too burnt from the weekend at all! Woo! Wish I was outside though.  Tomorrow night - early show at Dog Fur, Kinski and Oneida and someone else. Strongly considering going to it... Kinski is great live...
1	Happy New Year, all... I'm off 'til Tuesday.  Hasta la pasta!
1	I think I'm finally starting to settle into my new apartment.  Trina and I went shopping today and I picked up a side table for the livingroom.  I think that might actually be the last piece of new furniture!  I also took care of the last arrangements for my Thanksgiving vacation yesterday.  I'm very psyched -- I'm going to London for 9 days.  I'm staying with Todd (a friend from college) so the housing is cheap, it's off season so a lot of other stuff is cheap, and I'm 25 so I still get the youth discount from BritRail.
0	This week pretty much sucked Coming back to school was terrible I was extremely tired all week Work has been real hectic lately I have my ACT saturday and I have been all stressed out over that as well, not to mention I have hardly spent any time preparing for it And I'm pissed because I didnt get to see God Forbid last night And I pretty much hate everyone  On the better side of things... Tomorrow is friday and the weekend Black Hand show next saturday Just got wind of one of the best tour line-ups I have ever heard-That consisting of Dream Theater, Fear Factory, The Dillinger Escape Plan, and more!!! All great bands although the only thing I really see there is DREAM THEATER!!! Tomorrow is Friday and I have no idea what im doing. ca't really stay out too late since I will be taking one of the most important tests of my life the next morning at 8 a.m.!  Anyone wanna see Sin City with me tomorrow night??????????
1	And could they squirt anything colder on you when they're doing the boop-boop on your belly?  And if there's anything more boring than lying on my back and squinting at a fuzzy TV, I don't wanna do it.  But you know what?  It was worth it when Dr. Thompkins told us that all the parts are present and accounted for, and everything's moving the way it should be.  And in another six months, we're gonna have a little girl in the house.
1	I'm off to my brother graduation (as I write, I'm all dressed up... =-P) and I'm almost late... hehehe...  But as I promised, I'm here to give the link to my new fic!  As my Internet decided not to open Fanfiction.net here (and I forgot to post it at University), I post the fic at the new Fanfic Archive - Black & White & Red.  I'll put it at ff.net later, and I'll put all my other fics at BWR too!  So, please, tell me what you think, right?!   New fic 
0	The passing of time is what will free my mind from all this pain and sorrow. The passing of time is what creates my pain and sorrow. I need a babysitter, permanently, preferrably someone with similar interests as me, and not an ass, or an old woman. Perhaps, I could have a friend for a babysitter. I'm just going nuts by myself, if I'm alone to think I'll think negatively. Gimme Friends!
1	The last two nights at work were a real bugger. It seems the crew on first shift doesn't get held to the same standards we do, and we've had to literally do 3/4 of their work, plus ours, and we were short 2-3 people each night. Oh well, we did it, and were proud of our efforts. So after 26 hours done already this week, I'm quite sore, but at least have some sense of accomplishment. That feels good.   The details for OZZFEST 2005 have been announced. This year will feature on the Main Stage: Black Label Society, Killswitch Engage, Shadows Fall, Iron Maiden and the original Black Sabbath! I just about pissed myself with joy when I read that today. There's definitely a road-trip to Chicago in order again this year!  Other than that, not too much is new. Just thought I'd give a quick update. Hope all is well. Cheers!
1	Yesterday turned out a lot better than I expected.  And it  snowed .
1	I want to live on campus next year. Just dropped off my application at UNH a few hours ago. My Humanities teacher wrote me a really nice recommendation. Yay!  Pending the fact that I get in, (and if she still wants to) I want to room with my friend Megan. I know she and I would have no problems living together. Plus, she's very cool :) That helps, haha.  I'm so excited to have something to look forward to.  I really need this.
1	OH my fricken God!  Mom is actually going to LET me spend tomorrow night with Adam.  WOW!  The only catch is that I have to pretend like I'm going to Sara's.  Oh Yeah (speaks like Quagmyre)  It's gonna be cool.
0	Hey everyone i'm sorry about today if I acted mean in anyway I didn't mean it and if I hurt your feelings i'm sorry I really felt bad later , And krissy sorry about math I just hada migraine all day and I didn't mean to be be so short with you please forgive me:"-(  sorry i love you bye...    With love,   Steph
1	Wow, it's really snowing today. Last weeks snow was nothing compared to this supposed blizzard we're getting today. Ariel was the man today because he's letting us leave at 2:30 PM. I'm going to take the pager with me, but I'd rather be home answering pages then stuck in the office during a blizzard. Gerard and Amanda, you guys are crazy for stopping by! The lunch you dropped off was excellent. I LOVE Tiramasu. I haven't had a home cooked meal since teh girlfriend left. Wah!   There's about 2 inches outside now. I think we're going to leave just a little earlier so we don't get caught in storm. This is definitely a gaming weekend. I'm going to pick up a  small  bottle of Jack and Coke and relax tonight.
1	welcome home from the dakotas       nona_sarah    , and welcome to lj our very best friend beth, now to be known as       donna_chang    .&nbsp; :)
1	and we are almost on our way.  right now im at heather's house in va printing out all of our last minute reservations and things.  we are having a big going away barbeque tonight, and we get up at teh buttcrack of dawn tomorrow to head to the airport.  thats all for now ill write more from england!! -becca
1	aubrey is hott and i like her.i want ti be her boyfriend....haahhahaah
0	 My captain  died today.  I talked to him about this, very briefly, and he told me it was all right, I didn't need to mourn him more than I already had. I cannot believe that I ever forget how sweet his face looks to me, particularly today when I think about what my life became without my captain to follow and serve... what it would have been without him.  He said he wanted me to go to the masq and enjoy myself tomorrow. He threatened to order me to go forth and laugh, but I think he understands, for me, superficial happiness after tears is like pricking your finger on a thorn of the most perfect red rose. You bleed, and instead of looking at the rose, you look at your finger, and realize suddely how much more fragile you are than you thought.   In 19 days (March 15 by the Steward's Calender), it will be time to remember that both my steward and my husband died as well.  The rose is beautiful, but only because it is the color of the blood on your hands.
1	That Fundamentalist Show was hilarious today!  Al-hassan: I saw you eating pig yesterday! Al-bundy: I am a devout Muslim. I would never eat pig! Al-hassan: I am doing the talking about your wife! Al-bundy: Hahahahaha! Oh, you scamp!  Must See TV or Have Your Hand Chopped Off rules!
1	were going to try this one more time then i totally give up.  Lisa sprained her ankle at softball today :( she'll get better super fast though!  Softball is actually enjoyable right now.  Probably won't last long though.   Did you ever just wanna be friends with someone but you think that it would be kinda odd because you've never really talked to them but you think they're cool?  well yes thats my little venting for the day Pat comes home this weekend!  2 days! Its his spring break, i'm quite excited.  I haven't been sled riding or to mugsies since well the last time i was there, a couple weeks ago, i don't remember.  That was a great night (even though denny broke his arm) I want to go again.  and i will. sometime. Who wears goggles when they ride a bike?    Two are stronger then one  
1	was giggling when i saw this ... hehehehehe   http://www.sgboy.com/sgboyx/index.php?s howtopic=13101 
1	 Dear Yvonne:  We are pleased to inform you that your submission, "The Economics of Love in the Tale of Nastagio: Boccaccio's Use of Dante in the Punishment of Squande," has been accepted to the 20th Annual National Undergraduate Literature Conference.  Your work is among the finest submitted to us by undergraduate students form every state in the nation, and we enthusiastically congratulate you on your achievement as a writer.    Congratulations, you're going to Utah for spring break...
1	Take This Quiz       I'm a Hunky Faggot! Oh hello. I am completely gorgeous. You may touch me for a nominal fee, although I’d prefer that you were at least as hot as I am. I was genetically engineered for pleasure. Mine.  What kind of Faggot are you?   Brought to you by  Pushing Through   
1	I was offered and accepted a real full time job last week!!!!!  I am soooooooooooooooo super EXCITED!!!  It's an office job with the usual answering phones, typing, filing blah blah blah, but it's in a medical clinic/sleep lab.  So I will be actually getting more experience in both office settings and in the health care industry, which is what I am looking for (to help with grad school).  Plus it pays a lot more then what I've been making anywhere else.  I'm so relieved to have finally found a stable job.
1	the sun is out and its probably around 50 degrees today im gonna play in the dirt i love flowers, planting and growing them i feel kinda like mr miagi-old karate kid dude its very theraputic bringing life, nuturing it and seeing all yr hard work bloom like meditation it frees my mind yeah and you burn hardcore calories, build up yr arm muscles, get a little sun, get to know yrself, and keep yr mind off the next inevitable meal...  brkfst-huge coffee with skim and splenda mmmm....
1	We got the prettiest cat in all the land today. She used to be a queen over in Australia.                     Her name is Aurora.
1	..and no one is particularly surprised.  So instead of doing anything  useful  over the weekend I read  The Language of Power . And to take a break from other stuff, I checked out an old review/commentary       coffee_and_ink    wrote. And then I read the comments, and realized I  totally  missed the  whole point  of the last 20 pages or so.  I'll be over here, quietly gibbering. When's the next coming out?
0	 http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/0 3/27/hester.suicide.reut/index.html   That's the saddest thing... I used to really dig him.
1	cro and i didn't play much during his visit, but we did end the day yesterday with a few hours of hunting. the nonpledge missed us :) and wanted to go to DVC, so we stocked up and headed down. i made use of DE morph for the first time this event ... but was actually happy when we got to lvl 6 and it wore off. v my real DE more than the morph. less attack lag too. we didn't get anything big, but it was a fun hunt. OctoberEve is lvl 45.68.00 now too.  :) event has given me an excuse to mothball the baby mage for a few days without feeling guilty for not lvling her. i should probably take the elf to Fi for a hunt soon. funny how i feel stronger on a lvl 45 DE than on a lvl 48 elf ... but for Fi i need the elf so i can contribute to heals and buffs for the party.
0	   just kidding.  That lj-cut title seems to work well. One of these days, I'm going to pack up everything I want, and I'm going to run away. I don't know where. I'll be gone. Starting a new life. I am so afraid of it, and yet I want it. I want to be able to cleanse myself of all of this.  
1	Christmas was good. I actually managed to be very social at the family christmas party (played with the small kids and everything) on saturday.  On sunday Richard, Sander and me went for dinner at the nice Tapas bar in town.  I got the Twinpeaks season1 dvd box (twice), some nice books and the Star wars box-set. (We couldn't resist buying LOTR-ROTK-SE earlier, but technically that too was a christmas present).   Thanks to the new super-powerful video card Sander got me (Thank you so much!!!), the Sims 2 is looking better than ever, so Sims addiction has hit fast and hard. There's a new Sims 2 expansion coming out soon. It's "Sims on campus". Looks like I'll have to make Buffy Sims again. :)   
0	Hey!  I'll be in New Orleans on July 20th! I got a flight back to the USA, and I'm gonna stay there like 3 weeks..  I really hope to see ya'll then :)
1	Yippee! My wedding dress is here! I can't wait to go try it on...it's nice to know it's here, so that's something that's set.  In other news, dinner with my father went well last night. He doesn't understand, but apparently she does, because she told him that she would stay home, because she doesn't want it to be awkward for me. I thought that was nice, and it was a good thing, because he truly doesn't think anyone would find it awkward, and I think that if she hadn't already offered to stay home, he'd be making a fuss. So, that's a huge relief and I feel a lot better now.  Now, back to work... our big conference is next week, and I have a TON of work to do to get ready for that.
1	Quite a few birthdays this month (even Dad's and RL friends'), and it's time for another birthday greeting!      Happy Birthday Jade! *schnomps*      Hope you have a wonderful time, sweetie. I'm so happy to know you, fellow procrastinator and fandom baby *shakes rattle*. Although now you are 2(!) years older than me, shall feel depressed being youngest around. :P Here are best wishes for a great birthday and year! *hugs*
1	Be Jealous , very very jealous. You didn't experience the wild rapid river that carried me and kimber from bank to bank never going in the right direction and holding up the rest of the group for 30 mins. Yes i LOVE nature.Today was amazing and taking environmental science was SO worth it just beceause of the field trip. Tommorrow shall suck because i will have make up work blahh to that. Spangle after school wasen't that bad beause were learning a new dance for the spring show.Well im off to the baseball game. And just for Maira.....The End.  Leah
0	I studied my ass off for this econ test and got only TWO points higher than the one I barely studied for. I'll try to wait until class to freak out though - the curve might be a lot higher this time around since the short answer made no sense.
1	hi im ally happy it's so funi my sis has this 3 total geeks ova teehee they r discussing car racing ps games and if u brake at the right tim the velocity and blah blah ...hehe makes me laugh..they seem kewl thou ...... happy :&gt; lol oo geeks r funi :&gt;
1	i'm not sure what to say. i am having a good day. i only have one class left. then aaron is coming to my house and we will begin tracking drums. i've pretty much decided that i want to spend a couple months recording the best stuff we can and i want to have a real demo. something i'm not afraid to hand to someone in a band i admire. i know the songs are good, we just have to execute so other people feel the same. i think i want to listen to paint it black on the way home. i've listened to a lot of olp the past few days and i miss them. i wish i could look forward to the new record, but i can't. it will suck. that makes me really sad. while listening to them, i remembered/realized what a profound effect they had on me. it's fun. i want to write new songs. i wish i had like two months off from work and school. that would rule. spring break party coming up. i for one am very excited.
1	Aaron has a hockey game today. I want to go and I don't. I don't have a choice. I just want Aaron to be happy. My birthday is on the 21st. I'm not even excited. Who wants to grow up? I don't. Meghan called today. She wants to smoke and I think that's cool. I like smoking with Meghan. And Matt, and Candace, and Aaron, and everyone else I smoke with.
1	My computer just told me it is 15 degrees outside.  :D  *packs up homework and heads outside to look for unoccupied picnic table*
1	Easter was fun.&nbsp; My dad and I went to my godmother's condominium  in Auburn Hills.&nbsp; First it sounded like it was going to be just us  but it was a nice surprise to see the entire family there.&nbsp; I  always loved our family get-togethers.&nbsp; My cousin, Rolando, and  his wife announced that "they're pregnant".&nbsp; Everyone  cheered.&nbsp; They might as well enjoy it while they can because it's  going to be the last addition to the family for a while.&nbsp; My  little cousins will have kids before me.&nbsp; I'm not saying that  because it's a bad thing.&nbsp; It's a good thing.&nbsp; My bad....I  was channeling Martha Stewart for a second. 
1	OMG Return of the King: Extended Edition DVD is out today!! aahhhhh!!! i'm gonna go buy it with the one and only eeeelana in an hour or so!!! eeeee!! wow i'm excited!!!  it is gonna be sooo soooo amazing!! wow.  on the downside i have sooo soo much work to do on my spanish project which i'm gonna try and do as much of as possible now so that i can watch rotk! ::curses Lanahan::  on another upside i'm getting the LG vx6100 phone!! not to mention that it's free!! yay!! i heart free.
1	It took me so long to be able to open up the envelope that contained my OWL results and have a look... I was petrified I was going to do horrible, but much to my relief, I quickly found that that wasn't the case. All Os, save for an E in History of Magic and those blasted As in Ancient Runes and Potions. I'm quite happy with the results in general, needless to say. All that studying paid off.  Ancient Runes: A Astronomy: O Charms: O Defense: O  History of Magic: E Herbology: O  Potions: A Transfiguration: O
1	Happy Easter!  Really good night last night, not sure if anyone else thought so...  ~Mandy
1	I love spending time at grandad's house. Here I am, all cuddled up with him.          
1	tonight was great :D steve asked me out n' im happy. we havnt fought in a while and im really glad about that. i cant even remember what ive been doin the past couple days. been working a lot, taking ppls shifts. i read joshs journal a few mins ago and read that hes not working at wegmans nemore :( im sad. and shannon just told me her mom n andy r goin away on saturday so that means partyyy im so excited. life is so good right now.
1	stoel this from Yukina Kid  1. Reply to this post if you'd like some ego boosting.  2. Watch my journal over the next few days for a post just about you, only you, and why I think whatever I do about you. 3. Post these instructions in your journal and pass it on.  o.o I will boost your egos. I think. Um.... one question... how do you boost someone's ego? No seriously I have no idea... how to.  Okie so if ya want one reply to this and I'll try to give ya one        Which Family Guy character are you?         Your Life: The Movie  by   mintyduck        Who will play you:    Kate Beckinsale       Who will play your love interest:    Reese Witherspoon       Weeks you will stay in the box office:    12      Song that will play during your love scene:    Morrissey - You&#39;re The One For Me Fatty       Song that will play during your death:    Poe - Haunted       Your name:                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !      
0	Hello, long time no update. Just passing by, so decided to drops some few words. I got tons of homework to do  but too lazy to work on. I have to miss my favourite anime this weekend, gundam seed because I'm going for a holiday. How unfortunate! My mood recently is not too good. Even my friends notice some changes. Hai...all my fault. Ne, got to go now.    Ja ne.
0	And so the love relationship with Anna is more or less over. Not so the friendly relationship. We are still friends. But the trouble is that I still love her and I'm afraid she does too. Talked yesterday with Nat, one of her best friends, and she told me Anna had looked into her eyes and said "I screwed up, didn't I?". Nat told her that it was her decision, but that she wouldn't have done it.  And that's when one doesn't know what to do. I love her.
1	Next week Thursday (Feb. 3rd) is our 20 week ultrasound.  We'll hopefully find out if it's a boy or a girl then!  I'm pretty excited.  Of course, I don't care what we get either way, but I'm just hopeful that Tim will be more willing to pick out names more seriously when he can eliminate half the choices (except I keep telling him, we still need a backup name!)
1	Ive got a job. Its finally sinking in.  I went for the interview at Mesty Croft on Wednesday. And the head rang me in the early evening to say they wanted to offer me the  job . I had a permanent smile on my face for the 24hours Its so exciting.  Its a mixed year 1 and 2 class which will be great as i was with Year 1 for 6 weeks recently altho this will be a little longer than a 6 week block. My first class, my own responsibility, first year of writing reports and parents evening.  Its so scary thinking of it that way but exciting at the same time.
1	I'm probably one of the few kids looking forward to school tomorrow.  I think its mostly because after so much time, so many wasted attempts & money .... I'm finally going to finish it.  Place your bets folks, lets see if nacho can finally walk out with an education.
1	I woke up with the smell of Helsinki in my nose. I don't know why, but it was there. I was feeling very sad that I couldn't be there right now. I poked around and found an old     of pictures. I really miss that country. Beth woke me up at 8 with a phone call - in need of guy advice. She figued I was a guy, so I'd know. Not at 8 in the morning however. I think I said something like "Be yourself" Sounded like the genie in "Aladdin".  PS: The picture are (left to right) A Fjord in Skibotn, Norway - A stream outside of Levi, Finland - Me walking on a trail in Rovaniemi, Finland.
1	Pixies anyone? Yes, KATHLEEN KNUDSON IS GOING TO SEE THE PIXIES THIS WEEKEND!!!!!   Ok, so this is my schedule for the weekend:  Friday -  3:00 viola lesson 6:00 dinner at Weia Teia with Susie, Caitlin, and probably others as well 7:00 Japanese party 9ish Pregaming with the gang 11ish PARTY!  Saturday -  4-5 Chamber Orchestra 7:00 Helladeck! 8:30 HMS Pinafore Rehearsal 10:00 Girls night!!!!!!!  Sunday -  4:00 Pomo class (don't ask) then.... PIXIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YEAH  And somewhere in there I have to write a 6 page paper that I haven't really started and all of the other annoying homework that I have.
1	BOY! Apparently mortals CAN become immortal here, some sort of marriage loophole! BOY! This is important,  BOY!  WHERE ARE YOU!?   *looks down*   What are you doing on the floor ?
1	k self me mitch and andy on same server :0   atm 10 orc warrior/28 ud priest.  playing warr while mitch levels up his shaman.  back to real life.  I love the winter.  just makes me happy all the time :)
1	So Glenn just gave me a giant scrub! As in, a scrub shirt! From  Scrubs ! Which is  out on DVD  in May! WHEE!!
0	I'm confused, hurt.  I feel very lost right now.  This is the very first day he's made me cry.
1	Won at poker for the first time ever! £35 is a pretty good haul, and will buy me, Sam, and whoever else is helping with the house lunch tomorrow.  The house? Photos will be turning up tomorrow evening ^_^
1	A New one just begun.  Not a bad New Year's  bit quieter than usual,  spent midnight in a park in west melbourne was suprisingly quiet, asside from the noisy music powerd by a noisy generator.   I got bit by a possum, didn't break the skin though.. wen't to Dream later in the night, didn't end up going back to box hill which was sad to not spend time with my houseies and stuff..  Looking forward to this New Year, plan to get back into music,  plan to go out more often and generaly have lots of fun.  Love to you all!
1	........... pagi pagi tiba tiba ada sms masuk.... saya pikir siapa pagi pagi buta dah kirim sms......... ternyata........... ada orang yang nawarin chocolate tobleron .... "mey jadi nggak coklatnya... yang besar atau yang kecil..." wuih senengnya saya ditawarin coklat pagi buta.... ta' langsung saya jawab " maooooooooooooooooo ". en kabar yang lebih menyenangkan lagi bahwa dia diterima sebagai kekasihnya... sunggguh rk aku suweneng banget mereka jadian.... finally........ semoga mereka bahagia..... yah
1	Finally!  I've been waiting for this for years...   The privately funded rocket plane SpaceShipOne reached an altitude of 62.2 miles above the earth.  SpaceShipOne was designed by aerospace designer Burt Rutan and built with more than $20 million in funding by billionaire Paul Allen.  Rutan and Allen plan to have future flights in spacecraft based on SpaceShipOne's design be able to take at least six passengers to 93 miles above the earth.  I generally believe that anything a government can do, private entities can do better.  I also suspect that we're going to be in big trouble if we don't start moving off this rock.  So, I take this as a very good sign. :)
0	I will never be able to make everyone happy all the time. My major flaw is that I  have  to. I can't control it.
1	I got up this morning and did a great 2 hour bike ride. Orange county has a great bike trail that I took from my house in Irvine over to Newport Beach, around Back Bay and back home. It was a whole lot of fun. It felt great to get outside and explore. By the end of my ride my legs were asking if we were there yet, but it was awesome. Along the way I saw all sorts of birds, including a great blue heron, as well as a number of cool ground squirels with speckled coats. There were quite a number of joggers, cyclists and rollerbladers out enjoying the morning as well.
1	AMERICAN IDOL AMERICAN IDOL AMERICAN IDOL!! o god i'm obsessed.
1	The good thing about having a midterm in astronomy today is that I know I will not fall asleep in the class.   I had an over all good weekend. I had a really good last night. Corie, Marcus, Ted, and I went to chineese food for dinner and I studied and spent the night at Ted's. I love being with him. I consider myself very lucky to have such a respectful, loving, caring, loyal guy. He is so great. Last night we three swimmers decided that we will teach Ted how to swim because he does't know how. =) it will be a fun adventure. I like trying new things that end up being really good.
1	Just got back from FST.  It was sweeeeeeeet...i learnt a bunch of ghetto hand shakes!  haha...it was fun guys   I wish i could have gone out to dinner after...i hope you all had fun!!!!   
1	 A Perfect Kiss  by Analine. Golden Pair fluff involving a confession (or two) and naturally, a kiss! (EijiOishi, shounen-ai)  Status: One-shot. Complete.  Woo hoo! Golden Pair fluff! I don't really have anything else to say about this story. It was cute, it made me grin, and it had lots of moments of revelation.
0	Picked up BB last night and went to Von's mother's house. Von and BB have have been beefing for over a year (maybe more), but Von's mother passed away Tuesday night. I havent seen Von myself in a loong time, but we were never that tight anyway. She left shortly after we got there because she had to go make sure the funeral home had the right casket. So we sat there with her family and friends. Her sister came out and thanked everyone, and then told the story. Apparently, they were all in the mother's bedroom when she passed, and the mother had been sick for quite sometime. I tried to focus as best I could on what she was saying, but found my mind wandering, looking for some kind of mental escape.   This is the second time that someone Ive known has lost there mother in so many days.  This is just not a good week for me.
1	Hunter Cross is a beautiful, beautiful specimen. If you haven't already seen the  video  on AF, then you must go, right this very moment.  Further proof  that is gorgeous - check out the Club WAU and watch the video... very hot.   Well, it is now 4:29 pm, I should get out of bed.
1	I've been at work for ::glances at clock:: about an hour. Nobody's come in to tell me what to do and I've still got two hours to go. I will therefore sit here and play on the internet, cause getting paid to do that just makes it that much more fun :)  I'm gonna attempt to skim back through my f-list, see what everyone's been up to and maybe ::gasps:: make some comments. S'been a while since I've done that.   Two whole hours to play, and no immediate school work to worry about. Mmmm - today's a good day.
1	      I wonder what his chances are of not being attacked by me when i'm a bit intoxicated. Not very good...
0	i just got back today from washington state, visiting Evergreen State college.  it was so fucking beautiful.  it's definately where I wana be.  my dad is out of town, in chicago.  you know what this means.... this means I can illegally drive his car...he he he (i just cant parallel park it).  I'm so tired.  kinda depressed.  but you know whats sad?  I'm only depressed because my life is kinda a blank slate right now, no reason to be sad and no reason to be happy.  but other peoples sadness is rubbing off on me for some reason.  i dunno.  im going to bed.
1	It seems that there is a good chance that I might be attending a Super Smash Brothers:Melee tournament in Houston, Texas. If I win first place, I get 500$. It may not seem like much but I would also be invited to all three conference championships and the National Championships too. I think I can dop it. I have to keep a positive outlook. You know, glass half full stuff.
1	I got into&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  C M U !  
1	Man days off are the BEST!  I don't know what else to say for I am just too too happy!!!  *  I did not go to Grossology today but I will another day.
1	I LOVE Me First & The Gimme Gimmes! They make me smile.
1	:D today i was on my porch and i kept hearing a cat crying,i was looking under cars and everthing but i couldn't find him,but then i heard him again and it was comeing from under the porch OvO!!!so i ran in to my basment and opened the window under the porach and there was a kitten!!!!!i toke awhile to get him to come in but i finally got him to by showing him Gypsy (my cat)he seemed to like gypsy but gypsy didn't like him!!he won't go near anyone but me and he's still to scared to let me pet him,he's now in my shed sleeping :)
0	Mitch headburg..... died of a drug OD :-(  He was my favoirite comidean :-(
1	 "So do all who see such times, but that is not for them to decide -all we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us."   saw LOTR ROTK for the second time. apparently i may be seeing it for a third time before i leave the city?? yikes. also, tonight i will be seeing kill bill vol. 1(my fave movie of the year) for the third and final time on the big screen. yes, i like it  that  much. this weekend should be very good indeed.
1	HEYYYY EVERYBODYYY I WAS BORED SO..... I MADE MY NEW LIVEJOURNAL.... =]]]]]]... LOL......  HeY GUYSSS ADD ME AS YOURFRIEND.... K.... LATA
0	so im in san fran. i did shrooms today. it was intense. im not gonna go into detail but i will say it was amazing and shall leave it at that.   as of right now im having second thoughts of moving back to la. i feel like i didnt give portland a chance and i miss my uncle a lot. enough to the point that ive been crying for like an hour or so. i dont know. im really confused right now. i love hailee and thats all i know.  &lt;3 ash
1	 just got home from getting my nails done =)   getting ready to leave for FOCUS practice at SHS    then im coming home to get beautiful for tonite   interview 6:08....show begins 7:30 ...i am the 3rd act      come see me compete for the title of Miss Seminole High School!!!!      yeah!!!    
1	I talked to Del's friend Albert's brother who got his BS in Biology at Case, and is currently at Case-Med and he told me that he had a good time at Case and we talked about what sort of things people complained about and what was good and what wasn't so good and etc. and I came to the conclusion that the people who were complaining about it, were the ones who just want weekend long keg parties with slutty girls and brainless guys. I don't want that. This is going to be like...geek heaven for me!
1	Breakfast for me usually consists of a bowl of Frosted Flakes with cold milk.  Until Eda, Donna, Minat, Bunny, Carla, and I met up with a very generous prof yesterday and we were treated to a rich, sweet (and I should add, my second) breakfast in Ilustrado Cafe in Intramuros, a breakfast that was a really sensual experience for all of us: mugs of thick, sweet hot chocolate, slices of sans rival and cheesecake, and a scoop of sampaguita ice cream.       I have to go back. :)
0	I'm not going to make it I'm afraid. For one, I can hardly type with one hand (the left one) and it's not getting any better. That wasn't the biggest problem because I was continuing to write by hand and typing up as much as I could when I felt I could. But now my dad is in hospital, will most likely need surgery and even though my mum can prepare the deliveries for clients, she can't do all the paperwork on the computer, which means that I have to go there a few times per week to help her. Work is also getting more and more busy with all the problems with X-Mas deliveries, so that doesn't leave me with much time to try and catch up here either. I'm really down over it, I'm still inspired and if it hadn't been for all this, I  know  I would have made it. Oh well, if by the end of the week, things don't look up, I may put it aside and only continue next year or so in case anyone wants to know what happens next, going to focus on Yuletide first perhaps. We'll see about it.
1	well this is my last post for this term, i wont be back till after the new years well i hope you gusy have a good holiday and a grate new year  cya in Jan  ~Rap
1	I now know why Battlefield 1942 got game of the year. I picked up a copy yesterday, and I must say it's a blast. I played with the guys from work for a few hours yesterday, and I love it already. Not only is it fun and well designed, it's infinitely funny. Some highlights from yesterday include:  -Me hitting a guy driving a jeep in the head with my sniper rifle, and his passenger not noticing until they drove off a cliff  -Will stealing the enemy's B-52 from their airfield and carpet bombing the rest of their airplanes under a barrage of swearing and insults  -Dave shooting a parashooting german with a tank shell, breaking the distance record for flaming german corpses
1	The bad is I didn't get the job at DataQuest.&nbsp; I'm sad.&nbsp; I wanted that one.&nbsp; It looked interesting.&nbsp; I don't have any other interviews set up.&nbsp; I haven't heard from anyone.&nbsp;   The good is I raised my C+ soc paper up to an A.&nbsp; I went to talk to him about it this morning and he said he'd read my new draft and see what he thought and when I got it back he said I did much better and that I should be happy with it.&nbsp; So I am.&nbsp; Hopefully the rest of the semester will go as smoothly as it has been.&nbsp; I would really appreciate that.
0	     My Nan died today.  No warning, she was a little sick with a cold but nothing life threatening.  She was not one who we were worried about.  I was more worried I would never get to see Nanny and Grandad on my Mum's side but now I'll never get to see my Nan ever again.  I have to find a way back to England now, I have to see them all before I loose any more of my grandparents.  I will never forget the last memory I have with her when they came over to visit and we walked around Mira Mar lake.  Those are times I will miss.  I love you Nanny...  Your granddaughter, Amy Hamilton
1	It's been a good day today. Went to my guitar lesson today, which i always enjoy and i met this guy who was pretty hot, so I'm stoked about that. Hopefully I'll see him next week and he said i should bring my cd case so he can give me some cds to burn, so I hope that means he's kinda interested. lol. I'm pathetic I know. Anyway the only bad part of today was the fact that I've had about 960 cals which I am quite disappointed about. Tomorrow I will be going shopping with my mother so hopefully I'll buy some really cute things. I'm actually becoming really freaked out about my future occupation and stuff, I hope I'll end up alright. Omph I don't want to think about negative stuff 'cause I'm in a real good mood. Stay true to yourself.....Anna xxx
0	Today's my last full day in London.  Wow, I feel like I've been here for a month and yet, I don't feel I've been here long enough.  But honestly, I'll be glad to get back home.  I miss my family and friends there....  :(  So, tomorrow afternoon I'll be leaving here, trying not to look back...  I'll never forget this wonderful time.  I can't wait to return.
1	Happy Birthday to me. :o)  Just a bit disappointing that some people have to miss cause they are too busy doing other things that break my heart.
1	I GOT NEW SHOES TONIGHT FOR $2.60.  Nothing is cooler.
1	Amy and I are staying together for the cats! Really though, there is so much work to be done, but for now i'm just happy that my heart gets to stay in the same apartment as me. I was so scared she was going to leave with it.  and       
0	Sigh.  The Notebook is the saddest movie ever made - all four actors in that movie should've been nominated for oscars man seriously.  Last time I saw it in the theatres I got a bit choked up but this time I was outright crying.  Especially because the older version of Noah reminds me alot of my late grandpa.  I think I said that last time but regardless, such a sad movie, and it completely rleates to what I wrote about in the "everybody has" thing.  If you haven't seen it - see it.  Loves ya,  Britt
1	Kendra got this started.  She had to:  1. Comment with your name, and I will reply with something I really like about you. 2. I will then tell what song(s) remind me of you. 3. Next, I will tell you who you remind me of, celebrity/animated or otherwise. 4. Last, I will try to name a single word that best describes you. 5. Put this in your journal.    So,now I'm on step five.  Here it is.    1. Sarah.. you are the greatest.. to find one thing is so hard!.. but I'd have to say your voice.. 2. ohh, toughie..i could use a Josh song, but... I'd have to say Holiday-by Green Day.. it so describes the road trip 3. You.. you remind me of.... Sarah Brightman.. the whole *I've got this awsome voice* and the theatre-you etc.. like me! she performed with Josh! 4...one word? ..nah, joshed is too obvious I'll say.. loud  Isn't she nice?  (And I'm not that loud.  And if I am, it's genetic.)  Sarah
1	yes I am! XD...   And I got Joanne Hogg's Kokoro single! ( theme from Xenosaga )   nyaaahahhahahahahaaaa!!!!    I so luv the instrumental versions! p33r m3 and the piano version of kokoro  plus you get the song pain in original and intrumental version  funny thing is the DDR remix of silent hill 4's Your Rain kinda grows on you =p and yes I have got more 'rare' SH songs for my collection, w00t f0r m3!
1	i have a movie/chess...'date'(?)    We'll see how that goes.   How bad it gets, you can't imagine the burning wax, the breath of reptiles god is not mocked, he knows our business Karma could take us at any moment Cover him up.....I think we're finished You know it's never been so exotic but I don't know, my dreams are visions We could still end up with the great big fishes -shriekback
1	Inspired by the avatar Sreya made for me.   "Open Your Gates"  Constraints of self Chains of your own design You have fettered yourself to cliffs of self-doubt OPEN THE LOCKS  Writer's block is built of bricks you fashioned From the mud of daily life and past failings You wall yourself in BREAK DOWN THE WALL  I will bring the sledge But the blows must come from within I can see you through the cracks LOOSEN THE MORTAR  The fence is high and wide But joy is in there Waiting to be found OPEN YOUR GATES
1	 How do you do it when I'm overwhelemed by a violet sky?   12.19am: ~ and Steven who never leaves his room, who really needs a symbol, embark on an EPIC JOURNEY to a DINER so that Steven can get his ketchup craving satisfied and ~ can drink a chocolate milkshake.  I think Steven is, once again, on my list of ALL TIME AWESOME PEOPLE AT HAMPSHIRE COLLEGE.  Because he is too fucking hardcore for  words .  Life is good, and I'm on first name basis with Bright Eyes! And now Steven is sending me music and next year I'll live in the basement and it's my birthday.  Whooooooo, even though I haven't slept yet.  HEY ROXY!  Conner Cohen.    And I fell asleep with you still talking to me.... 
1	Welcome to the LiveJournal home of the band King Chef.  We have the place just how we want it now.  First batch of news:  Our domain has now been registered.  Within a week,  http://www.king-chef.com  should be open for your viewing pleasure.  While Rich and I have had conceptual input in making the site, most of the credit goes to Erik for being the one to physically make the site come about, and it's gonna look freakin awesome!  Also, we are now in the process of finding a couple shows to play in.  Look for us to appear somewhere in North Jersey within the next couple weeks.  More info will come once we have one lined up.  Till next time, I'm your  friendly  neighborhood bassist h8r,  Joe K
0	I definitely understand my relationship more.  I'm not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing.
0	I don't want to leave! You can't make me go back to Davis! I don't want to go!
1	I downloaded Limewire and I've downloaded all the songs I could think of.  I'm up with broadening my horizons, so if you would be so kind to tell me your favorite songs and I'll take a listen to it :)
1	So, okay.  There's yet another new guy.   Warren  is really nice.  He has wings!  Illyana and me met him after we went shopping.  And they had new stuff by Jumbo Carnation which was absolutely the best stuff ever!  I have no allowance left.  I haven't seen  you  all day, are you ok?  Come find me soon, please? :D
1	Yep I froze my butt off this morning at 4:45 a.m. watching the meteor shower... gosh it was gorgeous. There were some very pretty ones out but I kinda wished dad would've taken me to the top of the hill where it would've been extremely black and we could've seen for miles around... but I was still satisfied by all means... I'm thinking that a situation I've been thinking about isn't worth worrying about. I mean I've decided not to lose sleep over it. That's not saying that I'm still not upset about it, I'm just gonna gradually forget that the situation ever existed per say... haha Well I have had a great day already and I hope it ends that way...
1	Ahhh...well after like 5 months of reading other people's live-journals(hush I'm not weird), I finally created my own live-journal e_e Not writing much tho right now just gonna test out themes and wanted to see what the posts would look like.
1	Today we went to a pregnancy assistance center.  On Dec.9th we are going in for a sonogram since I am not sure how far along we are.  I am really excited about seeing the little baby.  I also applied for a job at a day care so I'll get some baby experience (and much needed money). I also got some cute baby things and magizines from the pregnancy assistance center.  I think I am going to call the midwife I've been wanting and set up an appointment.  My fingers are crossed.  I hope she excepts are insurance that I will soon have after we are married.
1	yo yo my new journal is sully_is_god (the username is better ^.^) so make me a friend there
1	i love soap operas.  the characters have become my friends i have even had dreams where the characters were there. hmm. is this a problem?
0	   Some people, in this world, I hate with a passion. I haven't written in a while. But hey, now I am. A few different people have annoyed me well enough to push this... An odd condition I find it.  1. I get angry. My temper is an unstopable Apocalypse and I would kill someone, but for now living hell is good for them. But it still hurts me.  2. I become angrier. It wells up. I hide and cry.   3. My muscles detirerate to nothingness as they stressed so much and so much was used to hold back the temper.  4. I become depressed. Basically all of the above becomes worse.     Why is it always been so hard. My mind isn't liking this very much. I can't take the stress. But hey, some people, they hire other people to do their shit. Let's just warn... I'm a vampire, Barkalakas. I had a good flow of blood. But now I want more. Jeez it sucks.  
0	Maybe I'll go with the not-good, not-bad news first, I had SAC today, another one tomorrow, my brother lost his job last week and we discovered that there isn't an Australian addition of the US version of QaF, though we did come across about a million copies of the UK version.   The bad news is, if it's not official yet, it will be soon. The dogs being put down. He's got some liver condition and this is the humane thing to do apparently. He was so skinny. When Mum came to put the lead on him, he got so excited because he likes going on walks and that's what the lead connects with for him.   I'm not sure the last week and a half can get any worse. At least I hope it doens't anyway 'cause that would be bad.   RIP Harry, as stupid as it sounds I hope there's a doggy heaven out there somewhere where you'll get to be very soon.   I'm gonna ring Ruth. Stuff school work.
1	I JUST GOT A JOB OFFER!!!!!  Okay, not as exciting as it could be, but...  Bibb County just called me and offered me a job!  As in, they'll hire me, and I'll get to interview at schools and basically take my pick of the schools that offer me positions -- guaranteed.  Of course...that doesn't mean that I have an actual position yet, and it does have it's down-side (if I don't get any offers to choose from, then Bibb County would place me in the school where they think I would do the best and could offer the most).  BUT...it IS a job offer!  In other news...I have my first interview next week on Wednesday!  I'll be interviewing at Riley here in Macon.  It's inner city, and can be a tough place, but it's also, from what I've both experienced and heard, a really nice place, too.  Be excited for me...and pray that I do well!  Wow.  I have some major praying and thinking to do!  Love to all!
0	For breakfast I ate a toasted poppy-seed bagel with melted butter and grape jelly.  I drank a cup of orange juice.  I also ate some Tostitos and spinach dip. For dinner I had Goya yellow rice, with pigeon peas, arroyo seasoning, and sliced chorizos.  I drank water.  I also ate some Tostitos and spinach dip, and some Trade Joe's Pita Chips.  I wore brown cargo shorts, a dark blue Kings Material tshirt, and socks.
0	It's been a year and a half today.  I can't even believe it.
0	Well todays the day..I get to go in..have needles shoved into my skin..and have electrical shocks..Oh yay fun &gt;.&lt; Keep trying to sleep but cant...Why couldn't they ask for another MRI?X-Ray? Even though I am claustrophobic.. I would rather get shoved into a tiny space and have a cat scan or an MRI than this...*sighs* Sean will be with me though..so I wont be alone..but..it churns my stomach just thinking about it..hell I would rather get more shots injected into my shoulder than this test *takes a deep breath* I just cant wait for this day to be over with...I may be over reacting or freaking out too much about it..ah well *blinks as Cinder places a paintbrush in her lap* Umm.. ok seriously my cat is insane..he fetches EVERYTHING heh *thinks for a moment and tosses the paintbrush* OMG he brought it back *laughs*
1	So, I have the best girl in the world...  she came to the house last night with a surprise gift for me that she has been looking for...  she brought the new Tori cd which I am in love with now...  some special addition cd/dvd thing with all this stuff...  she said she did it just to see me smile *s*  Too sweet....
1	OH MY GOD!!! BOONE! NO!!! Well I kinda knew he was gonna die but...NO!!! NOOOOO~!!!  NOOO~!!  Yay Claire's baby!! JENNA'S A WHORE! YOU'RE NO GOOD FOR SAYID!!! AAAAAGHH~!!!!! Yay Semi-reconciliation between Jun and...eh...Pretty Asian Lady who's name I can't remember. AAAGH~! NO JACK! NO! IT'S NOT LOCKE'S FAULT!! NOO~!!!   ah...that was a damned good episode.
1	i cant believe how happy he makes me..i dont know where to start to tell u just how happy i am.. im so afraid of losing him though that i push him away sometimes..its not good..but i try..and he never gives up...megan isnt with loren she is with jerry and im wicked happy for her...and danielle ...well i dont know about her..im worried ...but i dont want to bug her either..i dont know its confusing...but yeah i love jason..he loves me...i lvoe megan..she loves me ...i love danielle she loves me...its awesome...but yeah i just htought i would catch yall up about the fact that im wonderful right now..and im even doing good in school...Buh Byes
1	After all the incredible things that you Yog-aholics have shared with me, I must share this with you.  Hope you enjoy listening!   Listen to George at you leisure! 
1	 miranda  put eye make up on me in gym, and i feel really weird.  yep.  my eye itches and i can't scratch it.  =(   katie  and i were supposed to go to high times after school, but she can't, so we're not now.  's all good, though.  tommy's picking me up.  just 30 more minutes.  =)  woo hoo
1	Just got a call from Dave Larsen. Yeah, the Dayton Daily News Dave Larsen.  He's connecting with Dayton people at Celebration 3, specifically the 501st, and wants a chance to chat with me and get some pictures.  Let's all pray Zam gets done, hmm? Isard is just not quite as cool.
1	i am going to london in december, and i am taking mary with me.
0	It late and im bored now,  but have started to make a game with Shadowman and Cain, its an extreme golf game with a timer you have to complete the map, crazy golf stylieeee  Hav't really got much more to say becuase i talk to all on irc everyday!  I dought ill be going out tonight as i dont have much money!  I need a job!
1	I have been feeling very good lately just a little morning sickness mostly in the middle days and evenings. And have been waking up in the morning every hour to pee. Wednesday morning we have our first ultrasound of the baby. We are looking forward to seeing the first picture of the baby and hopefully getting a more accurate reading of how far along I am. I will post the picture when we get it. We are thinking of starting a journal just for the baby a gift from the baby's aunt. Thank you       punquin   . We will post the name when we decide on it.
1	its soo werid w. sarah now...  Yesterday was an eventful day... im sooo glad about everything w.. my sarah..and its all thanx to caitlyn and especially margaret... she was soo ncie to me even though she didnt even know me... Adrian and i had a little dispute today..lol...i was just soo mad at him...uhhh...i dont think he really loves sarah.. he said he didnt but because i am such an awesome person i made the first move to become friends (again) and now we are tight..lol...he just has a thing about no touching which is weird for me cuz i am such a touchy-feely person...but hey.. i can deal w. it My pants have been falling down all day and its not cool...lol..but the upside is that there was one girl who liked looked at my ass...hehe (you all know who it was.)..god i am really happy right now... i hope it lasts) I love you sarah...hope you have fun on saturday..w/ out me..boo..  ~~~peace christ my b-day is in four days..woot woot..party!!!
0	Its my birthday oh yeah...no seriously it is my birthday today so heres to sweet sixteen. Okay my presents won't be here for awhile but oh well. I like the family I am staying with even though I miss everyone so trebily that I have broken down a few times. But the prize for getting through them is an amazingly good looking french guy living in like the next room....yeah baby! I really like school over here and the best part of it is that I only have PE once a week and I get a full credit over in the states. The cute guys here are good but a lot of them are from like Germany, New Zealand and Greece. Oh and lets not forget the Polish guy. I miss everyone there so much but it will be good when I get back. I am going to McDonalds tonight because its my birthday, the first one by myself and I want to have a tradition for it and a quarter pounder with cheese sounds like the perfect solution.
1	rain or shine (preferrably shine, or the sun setting actually) Josh Groban White River Ampitheatre Saturday August 28th ( :0) ) 8:00 pm   Have a wonderful day!
0	I'm really sad right now.  I wish someone would come cheer me up.  I'll just go outside for a smoke since its not like anyone I even know has a way here to cheer me up.  Blarg.
1	Hujan tlah tiba, hujan tlah tiba... =) sama sperti 1 taon yg lalu, 2 taon yg lalu, 3 taon yg lalu, .... coz today is Good Friday...huehuehue...   mid semester break starts todae...but still have to study hard, even harder than weeks ago coz if i dont do revision n catch up everything in this week, i'll never have time to do that =( coz after the break, time will fly as fast as a jet coaster(ato roket ya???), huahauhauhaua... 'J' banget...  dah ah..mo siap2 dolo, tar kl telat...bs ditimpuk meti ama ella..hoohohohohohohoho....  Libur  tlah tiba, libur tlah tiba..horee...horEEEE..hoooRRREEEEE...hO OOOOOREEEEEEEEEE...HOOOOOREEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
0	when life gets ya down ya know what ya gotta do? just keep swimming just keep swimming just keep swimming.  yeah.. to hell with that... Jenn gets online today... and tells me that she has to spend five hours with Ashley tonight.... I'm like "oh" as in... oh bummer. welll i don't say anything for like ten minutes... then... she's like, "God alicia why are you so apathetic?" HOLY SHIT!!! I have talked to her everynight for the past three months or so for no less than two hours... and she fuckin tells me I don't give a shit?!!? what the hell?! I'm not as much mad as I am hurt.... so I'm like WHAT?! and type basically all I said up there to her... ... she gets pissed and goes to get a knife... so I'm here not really caring what the hell she does (I'm getting in practice being apathetic)... a whole bunch of other shit happens and oh god... this is the worst day... I wish I was dead.... I want to be dead...
1	So I got accepted to Hampshire...woot! It's funny, I've been getting accepted to schools in the exact order of 5th choice to 4th choice to 3rd choice..now my top two are coming up, and whether I get into them or not, I sure hope they keep my pattern going!  I also got a Marin Conservation League award, which is exciting but I can't help but wonder...when someone gets all her AP test fees ($246) paid for by scholarships, a college acceptance letter AND an award for environmental leadership in one day, does her mother have the right to yell at her for needing the car? The answer is no. But sigh, parents are never satisfied.*  Sophie and I are on our way to Mini Pop/Rainer Maria- more later     *disclaimer: this is not me bragging, I really don't need you to be proud of me, I just wanted you to know how silly and ridicurous it is that my mom was angry. that is all.
1	So yesterday Freddy came to my house and i was soooooo happy since i haven't seen him since saturday. Can you guys imagine 5 long days without my Freddy, that is like torture for me. (I know i'm corny, you don't have to tell christina)...And he looked like a twelve year old boy yesterday.(not that he's 12, he's actually 20, but looks real young), since he didn't have his hair spiked, it was down, and then i was fixing his hair by combing it to the side. I swear sometimes i feel like i'm robbing the cradle. But n/e who......it just felt so nice having him next to me. I swear i haven't felt this happy for a long time..i just see him and my face lights up,....he's the best........
1	Yesterday Jared and Josh cleaned out my backyard and it looks so good they did the best job. I told Jared I am tired of my yard looking like it is a junk yard and he said ok I will get it cleaned up. Then later Crystal came over and we hung out then the guys went to play poker and we went out and had fun we didn't get home until like 12:30 a.m. Jared and Josh tried to play a little joke on us telling me that Jared bet the t.v. and I as not happy I said some bad stuff that I shouldn't of said. But we all had a good time.
1	previous post got me to thinking, and so i thought i'd ask another fun question which is open for discussion with in the comments.  What spring vacinations do you give your horses?  Do you administer them yourselves? Does anyone even bother with the West Nile vac anymore? (i never began them)  Let the answers and debate begin my friends!
1	*is blissfully unaware of any of  this *  *wraps up her son and takes him out for a walk*
1	lam niyo ung song na yan? hmm,wala lng..ang ganda kasi at ilang araw na rin naming kinakanta ng roommates ko.ang ganda lang..  ang ganda.. =)  hmm,sabi ko na magtetext din un.at umalis pa kayo!haha.. tama na naman ako.pero ingat lang ha..lam ko masaya ka.pero wag lang masyado mag-assume.mahirap pag nasaktan ka..ayoko mangyari un sayo..basta,masaya ko na masaya ka.. at sana sa susunod na pag-iikot natin,may makita na tayo.hehe..  salamat nga pla sa pagtolerate sa kakulitan ko kanina.medyo matino ang exam ko kya medyo hyper.at salamat din sa pagsama sa mcdo.. hope you're feeling much better para hindi ka na bad trip..  lagi mo talaga ko iniinis!minsan na nga lang tayo makapag-usap,aasarin pa rin ako.pero ok lng..kulit ka tlga.bigyan mo ko ng lyrics nung duet natin para maaral ko na.hehe..  ang gulo pla magcrs pag hindi mo alam kung sinong prof ung mas ok.hay..   hay.. konti na lang patapos na ung sem.yey!!
1	Two words....  Point....Loma  o yes....i actually got accepted!
0	now..  people may or may not believe me.  but ya know what..  i don't care.  :-p  the following is true.  ever since i was 5 or 6 years old, i have had dreams about this guy.  he was killed and was buried in a field..  now..  he's been in all of my dreams.  he pulls people into my dreams and tests them.  it's weird.  every year around his death date *aug 6th* he comes in my dreams all scrapped up and skinned up..  and i always clean his wounds....  and there is always an owl who sits in front of the house on the phone lines..  he told his name but i always call him "my demon".  he is always in my dreams, on the tv, driving in a car next to me, bumps into me at a store..  whatever.  he always lets me know he's there.  i just been thinking about if i should call a store i used to shop at and ask the owner if i could do anything to get more info on him..  oh well..
1	I can't believe it's still in theatres, but My Big Fat Greek Wedding is  still  playing.  I really enjoyed it, I'm glad that I saw it before it hit video.  That was just too cute to miss :)  I can really relate to the girl, my family's bizarre, but in an opposite fashion.  Instead of having my father pushing me into marriage, he'd practically forbid it, regardless of who it was to.  I'd love to write up a review, but I need to get to work.  I finally settled on a domain name (much to the world's disappointment; I'm not getting the one that sounds like a porn site :\).  I've got layouts to make and things to purchase...
1	so i will be off for florida in less than two hours...well off for the airport...then off to dallas... then  off to florida.  yay!  and i get to see curtis tomorrow night!  YAY!  and that's about it.  i cant even tell you how long we'll be in orlando or where we're going after that.  i just know that i have training all day tomorrow starting at 7:30 am.  after we get into orlando at 12:38 am.
1	I saw on TV this morning that the WB is bringing back the Smurfs!  The original even, not mutilated!!!   I can't wait until it starts airing again.  I loved the Smurfs as a kid.
0	why cant i trust anyone anymore.   life sucks. people suck. blah blah blah. the same old shit. why cant i find a reason to get out of bed. why cant i find a reason to shower, to brush my hair, to eat, to go out. nothing matters anymore. nothing is good anymore.   i want to sleep until i find a reason to be awake.  i want to sleep until it makes sense to live. i want to sleep until something goes right.
0	Sam and I had a "falling out."  Apparently, I don't matter.  Who says that anyway.  I love drinking so much beer over such a long period of time that you don't get THAT drunk, but really full.  Cory took pictures of me tonight...I feel like such a model, even though I looked like crap.  It's too late...I have class in 8 hours...poop.
0	One of my closest friends (and who I've been hopelessly into for 3 years) is moving to Germany in June. I feel... weird inside.  Ack, I hate feelings.
0	I'm pissed.......or at least I think I am.    Stuff happens that I don't understand lately, and I go ballistic.  I think I've been the moodiest person this week, but I have good reason to be I guess.  I've gone from depressed to pissed to just fine.  However, that's just my problem I guess.  Life sucks when stuff you don't understand happens.  *nod*  Well, other than my week being ruined, there is light at the end of the tunnel.  That light being a possible job.....but then again that could get shot up too.  However, I'm positive I have a good chance.  Everybody wish me luck on that....I need it.   I'm bored now, and seeing I may have a lot more time on my hands that is not such a good thing.     See you all later.  Sorry 'bout my whining.   I need a hug.   -Dar
1	Thankyou Rick (the courier) who woke me up at 10.26 and smiled so sweetly at my totally dishevelled state and funky pjs. I stayed up very late last night with a glass (ok maybe 2) of wine and "Pretty Woman"................Rick, on the other hand, was probably in bed by 10 and has been working since about 6 this morning. Bless 'im! And I do  like  to get parcels that are too big for the letter box *grin* 'Ain't life grand?
0	I hate the world right now...it'll pass, but for now, I'm just moping around hating everything and yelling at inatimate objects (don't ask).  I'd tell you WHY I feel like shit, but then I'd have to tell this looooooong story that is kinda personal and, therefore, I don't want to share.  Blegh.  This whole journal thing is kinda the result of a chain reaction...Eve started one (thanx to her friends) then Dem did, then Mike did, now I am...damn...we're like freakin dominoes or something.  Well, I'm tired and depressed, which is not a good combo...I think I'll go sleep on the hard floor in a corner somewhere and wait for Mike to find me and force me to do something fun so I feel better...I know people too well.  J
1	Omg, im so exited CHRISTMAS, i noe all my gifts already!!! Anyway so i still need more people to comment so i can put u down in my frends list thanx!
1	One more shitty little essay and I'm done with this semester :-)  I don't want winter.  I don't dig it.
1	 Today's My Birthday!!!!!! YaY!!!!                *CoUnT My StArS*
1	Provisionally booked a hotel function room for June the 18th, is that good for anyone? Going up to see the place tomorrow, will get it until 1 in the morning so that isn't too bad. It is close to the centre of town and just up the road from where I live so anyone crashing at mine won't have far to go and it has a carpark for those who need parking. It is a really nice hotel so we should have a good time there. Might need to hire dj equipment or borrow it off someone who has it.
0	The Moment The Gun Went Off  I can't breathe...see...think... stop shaking...stop crying. My Life with Wolf's Rain has basically ended...I will however, watch the final two episodes. But I won't feel as passionate, and love as deep as I have. I cannot say why, because I don't want to spoil it. But my love will never end for this...character. Even after the last slide of animation is played for the series on Cartoon Network. You can count on a VERY upset Border Collie for the next 3 weeks. =\   *~*SCBorderCollie01*~*  ~*~Aka: Brynn~*~
1	This week was hella crazy for me!  I had a psych test on Monday and I had an essay due today.  I think it was the worst essay I’ve ever written cuz it was sooooo confusing!!!  I’m just glad I turned it in and I don’t have to stress about it anymore…that is until I get it back.  I got a visit from Christian on Tuesday night!  He freakin calls me at like 12am and is all like “I’m gonna be in Irvine in like an hour” cuz he went to Long Beach from some Frat…I mean Fraternity stuff.  It was nice seeing him cuz I haven’t even talked to him since my birthday.  I’m really excited for tomorrow….I GET TO GO HOME!!!!  I’m gonna head up to SB tomorrow and meet up with Felicia, Ben, and Sarah to go to Daly City!!! Man…I’m soo behind on all my reading….but i don’t give a Fuck!  I get to go HOME! YAY!!!  i can't stop listining to this song...i love it!
1	Hello everyone,  Well todays the day of my audition. Only 3 hours to go.  Well i suppose i'm sorta nervous but i'm more excited than any thing. Hee hee.  I've got butterflies in my tummy.  But thats sorta normal cause always feel like that before a show, exam etc. Thanx for the card helen, ella, vic and mel, i'll take it wiv me today and hopefully it'll bring me lots and lots of luck. Well g2g and get ready now and sort all my shoes and stuff out. Wish me luck StefXxX
0	if anyone is or was actually interested in being my friend, comment here to be re-added or added. bye
1	This morning Tommy picked me up and we went to his house to hang out all day. It was really fun, which kinda took me by surprise because it's been a while since I've been around his family. I had a really good time though. THen he took me to my aunt Kelly's house so I could baby-sit my cousin Summer while she goes to see Matrix Revolutions, despite my review, she says. Tommy will be picking me up from my aunt's house tomorrow morning. I'm very excited.  *I'd like to let everyone know that my good friend Jeff now has a LJ, his sn is smoothsilence. check out his LJ!
0	Catholic or not, this is sad.&nbsp;&nbsp; I thought  this &nbsp;was really touching.
1	 In 12 Hours:   Leaving for the airport.   In 20 Hours:   Arriving in Cedar Rapids, then driving to Chicago with       mandalony    to meet up with       ladymissdiva   .   In 26 Hours:   Getting tipsy with ladies mentioned above.   In 36 Hours:   Leave for Bowling Green, Ohio.   In 48 Hours:   Enjoying the wonder that is Jason Mraz live - for the first time in a year and a half!!!  eeeee!    I hope I can sleep tonight!
0	do u ever get those days where you really wish u could be someone else? i'm having one of those days...every time i look in the mirror i just want to scream. or maybe cry. i just wanna crawl out of this skin... it'd be nice for once to not hate everything about myself. sigh i'm being superficial i know but i cant really help it right now. ugh well there i updated sam.. haha hope you're happy now :p
1	im coming home with nothing besides 15 new articles of clothing, a couple rounds of golf, and the fact that the fam def cant do this florida in boca thing again considering we've done it practically twice a year since i was born to visit gramps. and we all hate it.  besides the shopping.  fortunately, we're going to figure some other place to go where we can see gramps from now on.  the plan for spring break at the moment is 2 come here, but im thinkin i wouldnt be able 2 stand that, so we're brainstorming. i'm really psyched to come home, even tho i prolly wont step into my house until 10 tmrw nite, im def breaking out the rav and visiting my luvs.  and i cant wait.  practically less than 1 day till i see you again! gimme a ring until then! 4143315132  AND I'LL SEE YOU ALL TOMORROW NIGHT!
1	So I lied.    Still awake over 2 hours later.  And amazingly, I am in a much better mood.  I do not like the time difference, though, since nobody is online in Cali so I cannot talk.  Boo.  I've basically been re-living my life since freshman year, aka reading over all of my livejournal entries.  Well, not all of them.  I discovered something that most of you may have already figured out--I complain waaaaaaay too much and get sad for no reason waaaaaaay too often.  Today is day one of Susannah's attempt to become a happier, more easy-going person, roommate, friend, etc.  Well, minus the dishes.  But I am super excited about this.  Reading everything, my good moods and bad moods, made me realize that there's really no reason to get sad all the time.  I have very cool friends on both coasts who I do not appreciate enough.  So now, for some reason, I feel so good about coming back to LA.  I think I just had a livejournal epiphany.
0	The worms they crack like words and Turn your teeth up and run,leave. I'm all drinks. So im clean I fall down. Should i fit these. So politely. All praises suger coated. Looking between her mouth and mine. I got scars from dirty scratches. Scabs and ashes. The back of your mouth.  In this exchange i often touch myself, To go ahead and let those dirty words pass right through me. Just passing through. Not stopping by. Not saying hi. Girl you can't kill a liar.  You throw up everywhere now. Enjoy the cup and coffee. I am the puddle. Make me. Dancing hoes and stagnance.okay. These words are sugar coated. Crossed up they still cut out to touch. Got scars from dirty scratches. Scabs and ashes. The back of your mouth.  Girl you can't kill a liar..Im better at this than you.. ***
0	Well, my day is now coming to a close.  Of course, i still have an hour of homework and it's 1130 but meh, i'm really not in the mood today.  I went to my friend barbara's house today, and I just. . . broke down. I literally just started balling my eyes out.  So much crap is going on right now, and that house of hers just brings in so many. . . memories and I'm just so close to giving up right now, it's all too difficult.  I'm so exhausted and I feel like all of the hard work i've put into school in the past three years is going to equal to a big fat zero because my physics 20 mark was the only mark i had below 80 and I'm just so. . . done. zip. nada, I have nothing left.  Well, I think I have to get to my homework now.  If anybody wants to talk to me or anything, you know i would appreciate it immensly, my cell number is 681 4109.   cheers
1	So, thanks to the purge, I've suicided Rycennin (would have pantheoned, but some dorks were killing random people, dumped me below 25).  Thought I'd let y'all know.  Deleted all of my mud clients from my computer, as well.  6 and a half years, closing the book on the place.  Now for WoW (as soon as my new kickass computer arrives, yay), and continuing FFXI.   Current Addiction(s):  Gran Turismo 4 and Xenosaga: Episode 2
1	well i had a very nice weekend.  i got my physical and my new glove.  it is very nice.  BECKY I LOVE YOU!!!  i miss you sooooo much!im so glad that we finally got ahold of each other!  bf's forever!  yay!  im am sooooo reading charlie and the choclate factoriy!  mabye i should do mybook report on it....hmmm...  o well im tired i just wanted to sya that i really miss you and that we have got to learn a more productive way to say goodnight.  did that take like what?10 minutes?  lol.  find out when your  prom is!  man i wish that we went to the same school.  that would be totally knarly!  i dunno hoe to spell knarly but you know what i mean.  well im tired and i ahve to get up early in the morn so salutations!   man i shaved my legs an now they are all dry...  this is pointless the whole shving yoru legs thing. i should be more like bridgitte. : )  love you all!
1	HE'S OOOURRSSSS!!!!!!!!!  EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  PUPPYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Woo. Okay.  ...  XD!
1	This is my first post, so ... hi! As everyone should know by now, penguins are the superior race on the planet - way ahead of dolphins, humans, etc. We don't fly because  WE BLOODY WELL DON'T WANT TO, OK!!! . Jesus, I mean - if those fucking starlings try and taunt me one more time ... Anyway, I digress. The plans for world domination are progressing nicely. Using popular entertainment, we have lulled the human race into the false belief that penguins are benign, cuddly, loveable ...  THE FOOLS!!! MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!  You've seen The Birds, right? Well - imagine that, but with penguins ... hundreds and hundreds of penguins!!! That's  your  future - lying in a gutter, blood pouring from countless wounds, your eyes pecked out ... unless you  submit to your penguin masters .
0	school is kickin my ass, mainly cause i'm too lazy to do the work. i have three english papers do friday cause i've neglected to do them and then i have an essay due.  i'll probably fail, but thats ok.  i'm thinking of dropping out and moving to MI... who knows.  there's nothing for me here and my relationships are making downward spirals, i need a change.
1	I have my friend       poppy    here with me which I like very much.  We are able to snuggle upto each other on the bed.  She is a very nice dog now I have got to know her.        fruit_boy    has gone out to do some shopping for tonight and left us doggies here.       flossdog    and       gibson    are playing with each other in the back room - it is nice that they are getting on now because       flossdog    isn't being a pest to me nearly as much.  I think Steve is coming to see us tonight which will be good as he gives us fuss and treats and nice things......
0	Ganked from       yubberducky   .    You're Sasarai! Everyone hates you ('cept me. You're cute/cool) You wear a big hat that everyone makes fun of, but you see who's laughing when they're dead. You own the True Earth Rune and your utter utter rival is Luc. He hates you because he is your brother and you were spoiled while he was locked up in a tower for fourteen years. In truth, you're just a clone of Hikusaak, but you took it more easily than Luc, trust me. Your magic is OK, but not as good as Luc's. He laughs at you for that. You are RICH and have alot of power in politics and you USE it. You've got a good life, my friend.      Which Genso Suikoden II Character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	There's a second Naruto movie coming out in August 2005. With Gaara. *tries to hold in girlish squeal* Actually, it mainly focuses on Naruto and Shikamaru, but Gaara and Sakura tag along as well. I think it's sometime after the whole Sasuke arc since it looks like he's not going to be in the movie. It seems it's just those four plus the original characters for the movie. ^_~ Heh heh. More Gaara time.  Mainly just posting just to... post. Oh! And to point out my icon! *points, points!* I honestly don't like Sasuke too much, but when I see him smile like that, I can't help but melt. ^_~
0	If I had a motorcycle, I would just leave and ride around forever. I've wanted a motorcycle since I was 5.    I wish that I had a motorcycle.
1	ahhhhh Panama tomorrow!!!  I'm going to be on the beach tomorrow night!
0	My Bird is leaving me today.....tear..... Someone stop here. Her name is Tracy and she has to work tomorrow so she is leaving southside..and 100 S. 13th street tonight. I am gonna go and cry now..   Anyone wanna come over tonight and get wasted with us in attemps to rid ourselves of the missed bird?
0	I don't want to close my eyes. I don't want to open them. I don't want to see the truth. I don't want to wake up and cry.
0	Last night I saw  Silence Of The Lambs  for the first time in full; it's one of my favourites now.  And today I got to do the Buffalo Bill routine for Erin, James, and Glenn.   No, the "PUT THE FUCKING LOTION IN THE BASKET!!!" routine, not the tuck-your-genitalia-between-your-legs-an d-dance routine.             But it was a good end to this morning, where in the church I almost cried about 15 times, and now I feel drained for not doing it. It took me until this morning to realise that I'll really miss Bruce a lot.
0	 Well first of all, Autumns Grandma Doris died yesterday. I cant belive it. It was so unexpected. Just last week she was at the casino with my parents. I cant belive shes gone. Like a second grandma to me. I feel so bad for Autumn and them becuase I know how much she meant to them. I loved that lady...she was so much fun and always included me in everything that she did. Im going to miss her so much. Tonight is the visitation and then tomorrow the funeral. Dont know if Im offically going to that or not but Autumn wants me to come to the visitation early. I just couldnt belive it when Mom told me. Gotta go though...bell to first hour. Off to try this instant crystal light stuff. 
0	YA KNOW..I'M DONE WITH THE LJ! IT'S JUST GOTTEN TO THE POINT WHERE I CAN'T BE MYSELF..I'M DONE FOR GOOD..GOODBYE LJ and the lj peeps..i'll be seeing u around.
1	 Well,&nbsp; I am so glad I talked to Brent tonight about what to wear to the Josh Groban concert. I did not know that he sang for the Pope. That changes everything. The Pope is dope. I was going to wear blue jeans with a punk t-shirt and a partially open italian sweater over it but now that I know this new tidbit of information I'll be wearing black pants, a light blue button up shirt that brings out my eyes and the italian sweater over it because it's going to be cold. Happy Day.    I AM SO EXCITED!    &nbsp;      
1	ok, im bak today just to say MICHIGAN STATE RULES! 78-68 win over Duke. Guff, u own me $5. We're playin either Kentucky or Utah Sunday, and if we win sunday, final four here we come!
1	It's official. I have exactly one month left in my apartment. The complex had another three bedroom become available (this one on the third floor), and it will be ready in two weeks. Since I'm switching jobs, I thought it would be better stress-wise (and cheper due to paying prorated rent twice in one month) to wait until the end of the month to move.   I'm really happy about the move. We will finally stop tripping over one another, and finally have some room to spread out in. It's going to be strange, however, since the new apartment will face the old one across a parking lot.    We weren't fast enough for the dog. Buddy had to go back and check the number at work, but the sign was gone. Que sera sera.  Happy Thought of the Day:  I only have eight more days at my current job!
1	Going to Texas for 4 days! Leaving tomorrow! *happy jumpy up and down dance*  YAYYAYAYAYAYYYAYYAYYYAYYAY!  *wiggle*
1	Well kiddies, I'm off to sunny, warm, amazingly awesome Florida for the entire vacation. Yes, we are driving, and even though we're leaving tomorrow early, early morning, we won't get there until Saturday afternoon. Tuesday I get to go swimming with dolphins, but other than that I have no idea what we are doing. It'll be good fun though. I know you'll all miss my journal updates (yeah, right...) but you'll have to make due without them. Feel free to text message and/or call me though, a nice little txt always cheers me up :) (there's a link under my livejournal profile to text message me  for free *cough*). I'll be back late Sunday. Adios till then.
1	Well, now I know why I was feeling so badly yesterday.  *curses her womanhood and pops Advil*  Oh by the way, this guy ( right here ) sent me a message.  What do y'all think?  I think he's excellent.  He seems so much like me!  And he has a very nice face.  *ear to ear grin*  I woke up this morning feeling sick as crap, but now I'm better.  Not better enough to go class in a half hour, but still better.  Though I really should go to choir later...we're having an extended rehersal to work on a really difficult, yet beautiful, piece.  Ahh...Star Trek is on.  :)  Life is great right now.  What was I on last night??  :P  Hahaha.  = Kelly =
1	About two weeks ago, I somehow managed to convince my boss to get me a new laptop.  It's just arrived and I'm very pleased.  It's loaded - and weighs about 10 pounds!  (P4 3.06 GHz w/ HT, 512M RAM, 15" SXGA, 64M GeForce FX Go 5200).  LAN party, anybody?
1	Late night conversations that turn into nothing but laughter is the best thing ever!  I'm glad I'm starting spring break like this, because I can't stand having anger building up inside me.  The anger is gone, and I feel so different...but in a comfortable, good, I feel like I'm home sort of way.  I'm off for Texas now! See y'all when I get back!
1	    REMINDER     You there! With the...face! Listen up!:   Fleas on Your Dog aka Chicken&Crap aka Decemberween  ...it used to be shorter, but too many cooks means long ass names   is  THIS SATURDAY  Dec 18th @ 4:00 PM    The time of crappy movies has arrived, foolish honkeys. Bring your crappiest movie so we can laugh and point at your horrible taste...uh...what? I mean MST3K it till we our spleens explode everywhere or something.   Remember to bring your favorite (NON ALCOHOLIC) drink, your favorite food, your favorite person.   Bring the presents you have for other people and we'll hold a gift swap or summat.   BE THERE OR RONNIE CORDOVA WILL HUNT YOUR PUNK ASS DOWN.
1	I had my window open and the wind was really gusting. I crouched over and rested my elbows on the windowsill to enjoy the really frozen air. A glance over to the weather channel on the tv tells me that it is currently 30 degrees in my area.  I suddenly notice my arms are getting wet. I peek closer to the screen and stare out into the darkness. Weather Channel said NOTHING about rain tonight.  I check the back porch as usual because I'm very curious to see how hard it's raining...  Only to see this.       Wow! Now I  know  Weather Channel said nothing about snow! Last week, they said Monday night was supposed to be helluva frozen with possible chance of snow.... but it's Sunday Night and it's snowing! Very cool!
1	I'll be unavailable until the 21st of this month, as I'm off to Les Deux Alpes to get my groo- I mean skis on. I haven't been skiing for a while, so I'm looking forward to doing it again. Alas, since I have to get up at an ungodly hour tomorrow, I better be off now. So have a good time, folks. I'll see you all in about ten days.
1	I am 18 buckets of happy right now.  Roughly~   It's my day off!  I spent a lot of it playing DMC3 which I just had to buy myself for being good.  If you were a fan of DMC and were disappointed with DMC2, definitely buy this game.  It put the series back on track.   Except it's really really hard .  I've been struggling on easy mode.  It's badass though.  I'm glad I can still get excited over video games. XD  Also I'm extra happy to find a lj community devoted to Constantine:       constant_hell   .  Which had exactly what I'd been looking for: lots of screencaps to make icons with.  Hells yeah.  So... I'll probably spend a good part of the rest of my day making Dante and Constantine icons.  Yey for spring break! :D  SO MUCH HAPPY.
1	So im leaving North Dakota tomorrow to go visit Monique again :)  YAY! God that girl rocks. We're going to have a great time in Denver; go clubbing, drink some wine, play games, and over all just have another 'Stacey and Monique take over the world' moment. I need a week vacation so badly, and I couldn't think of a better place to spend it. So wish me luck everyone that tomorrow's roads to Bismarck are good. I hate driving on ice for 2 hours. Whooohoooo! Here I come COLORADO!!!!! -Stacey
1	 heLLo.. hMmm boReeddd..had a basketball game earlierr and wonn 81-17...they suckeddd obviously but yahh...im just here chillenn..weekened was very interestinggg...chilled with alot of freindss...things are starting to lOOk alot better for me lately...andd im happy noww...got too tlak to someonee that i havent tlak too in a WHILe..(missed yah to death) but yahh lets seeee have a agme tomorrroww against los aL..hopefully we do goodd...hMmmM...well im offf..really boreddd and yay! tomorroe is late starttt...=) well bye bye for now...&lt;3     9 DAyyyyysssssssss leftt tilll karlloo comes hOME for GOOOD!!!! i loveuuu karlooo and i miss u ohh soo very much!!..mwah 
1	today is a GOOD day! me and the other person are all all better! she apologized, and so we worked everything out! im sooo  happy!! today is such a good day now! im so glad that were not in a fight anymore!  seaworld is tomorrow! im so excited! i cant wait...even tho its going to b like super cold! o well it'll be worth it! only 3 more periods till the 4 day weekend...!!! yessss! well have a great day! i love ya all so much! love rach i love you sooooooo much katie!
1	Heh my mate starr is such a wonderful kitty. She drew me this beautiful pastel today. Gods I'm so damn lucky!   http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/412 6686/   Check out her other stuff up there too! It's all great in my opinion, though she doesn't agree-chuckles-
1	Pink....  I never thought of it, but when Kate and Holly convinced me to take one, I did.  I just told Matt and he's thrilled with the news.  That makes me feel 500% better.  I was so worried he wouldn't take the news well.  He took it really well  When I first found out, I was nervous and excited all together.   Now, that I know Matt is ecstatic with it, I'm pure excitement.  The thought of little feet going pidder-padder around the house makes me jump for joy.  The night before my wedding, I thought that marrying Matt was the best thing that could ever happen to me...but now that him and I are bringing a life into this world, we don't think there is anything better.
1	Hey Ya'll!! I am so excited about Greek Week this year at UAH!  This will be my very first Greek Week and I can not wait. We are going bowling, then we are having a Red light/Green light mixer where if you are single you wear red, taken you wear green and if you are taken but want to play the field then you were yellow, then Delta Zeta is havinga sisterhood event and then there is the banquet and a field day hosted by the ATO's and the Delta Chi's with a whole bunch of food and games.  I can't wait. And it is next week!
0	Nothing really to say, I'm just jumping on the bandwagon and posting to see the April Fool's gag with the update button!  It's so hard to anticipate the Pope's death. He's the only Pope I've known. My Pope. Praying for him.
0	happy new years!   new years sucked. plain and simple. the only person i should have been with i wasn't with. and thats all there is to say about that.   &lt;3 j
1	I can guarantee that we will get lost on the way up there tomorrow. Me driving and kenny giving directions is not a good combination. Mr. Granger tried to explain it, but I just nodded and pretended like I understood.  Well today was the day when all the teachers gave the students their little study guides so the students could go put them in their tiny little knapsacks and go off skipping on home to study for the itty-bitty finals that they have next week; or skip all that and go backpacking. Oh man, I still need to pack.   "I have been, and ever shall be, your friend. Live long, and prosper."- Spock
1	Thanks to Collen at DDS for the heads up.  http://www.colourpress.com/  has new pictures of Justin filming Edison but you need an account to even see the thumbnails.  So yeah, just passing this through. :)
0	 S: Out of the six billion people in the world... why me?  J: i can't imagine another person i could love as much as i love you  S: I love you too sweetheart!  ---  S: I will never tell you I don't love you, even if nothing happens with us, I will always love you.  ---    sigh   i read two months' worth of icq history. bad idea? yeah. does it make me miss him? a lot. did i randomly finger my computer screen at his promises to never hurt me? you better fuckin' bet i did.  i don't know what i'm thinking. i wanted to say more but every word seems out of place. i'm going to bed.
0	       I made a mini-banner. I made small banners for the communities because I know some people just really don't like big banners. Now you can choose between the big banners or little ones. Promote.  
1	Funny how my idea of flirting involves me screaming "up yours" at the back of a moving vehicle and haltingly screeching out Helmet lyrics in the dankness of the men's room. Proof that I have no game whatsoever, people. :D  Well, my lovely, lovely friends - I will be seeing you no later than Friday night most likely. It feels so good to be coming home for a while. Each one of you will be systematically hunted down and humped on the leg, I promise you that.  AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! SAINT PADDY'S DAY IS COMING UP TOO!!! So much rejoicing to be had.    Now to go study for my FCAT tomorrow. MATH. UUUUGGGGGGHHHHHH. Maybe I'll get lucky and actually pass this sucker. Ha.
0	Well, talk about a total mood flip. I went from super-happy-the world is great-I love my life-, to ohmigod-someone kill me-i don't know what's wrong. Ugh I just don't understand anymore. And sorry to those who have attempted to help out, but I can't even start explaining. I think it just feels a bit better to pour out the fact that I'm upset, rather than discussing what about.   Lizz*
1	the best news i've had all day was that practice was cancelled for today as well as the camp for tonight!  it was music to my ears!  if only the guy that is supposed to be running this camp would get in contact with me to let me know what's going on.  i had to call the ymca myself like 5 minutes ago to see if camp was still going on.  and i'm technically supposed to be at the ymca at 5:00.  so i would've driven all the way to the ymca, which is like 20 minutes away from here, in rush hour traffic, to find out that camp was cancelled.  i hate inconsiderate people.  they suck!!!  but something on the good side again...we're going bowling tonight!!!  this thing has become a ritual for kasey, jessica, wellman, caitlin, becks, kani, jenae, and me and eric.  we're up there every thursday, because it's college night, bowling three games for 99 cents a game.  it's awesome!  so yea for bowling.
1	tessa and i are going to new york city for spring break!! HECK YES.  we plan on: -being on the today show -not going to trl...that would be laaaame -running into: donald trump, mary kate and ashley o'er at NYU, charlotte (my fav), carrie (tessa's fav...yes, we realize they're fictional, shutup), jenny from the block, p diddy, paris hilton, lindsay lohan, and many more. -seeing a show or two -picnic-ing in central park -museum hopping  -riding the subway -eating new york style pizza and bagels -walking around in high heels  -shopping, shopping, shopping  regarding the last item on the list...please send any cash, blank checks, credit cards, or money orders you have on hand. thanks.  YAYYYY. xoxo
0	I'm not sure I can stomach for more years of Captain Asshat and Doctor Doom running the country. *sigh* I'm just disgusted.
0	      witch_hermione   , when you have time, we need to talk about Muggle Studies, because I am not one for procrastination and I've been holding up work for the last week because I've not been feeling my best -- we need to set a date.  Yes.  For the project.  Su, can I talk to you?  Please?  Tired, Terry.
1	 Happy Valentine's Day        &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;             New 7th Heaven Tonight           
1	Happy Tuesday, everyone!  Let's all make this Tuesday the best we can.  I will do my part!  :D
1	big up's to muh gurL ash bug! :*mwah*: she's a sweet one! (;  -britty kitty
1	YAY!!! my little cousin wants to follow in my footsteps and join the colorguard at her high school. So today I'm going over to teach her everything I know. She's really excited, and I hope so much that she makes it. Although if she has half my talent she'll do just fine. Besides, her joining gives me a reason to go to Bandtoberfest this year. I can't wait. Tryouts are on Wednesday.
0	I've never wanted a job so bad. I feel like I'm in high school with nothing to my credit by way of employment. I wanna go teach english in korea and everyone is raining on my parade saying the US and Korea are not on good terms. Well maybe I'll do it anyway. I'll put my life in danger and just go fucking do it. At least I'll be doing something I wanted regardless of any sort of political scare. Maybe I'll die. Maybe I'll be sad and lonely and hating it. It's gotta be better than working in a cafeteria making minimal wages and hating it. I'm really starting to lose patience with this working for money to live crap. My insides hurt from having to deal with this. I'm lucky I can mooch off my parents for all of eternity, but that's not fulfilling in any way. I feel like a failure. Maybe I can sell all my organs on the black market. When they find my dismembered body, they'll call me a hero. A suicidal hero. Don't worry folks, it's just a cry for help.
1	Yes!  I got it!  My Saiyuki!  Or half of it anyway.  The package from home came today.  I still have no clue when my other stuff is getting here though.  But at least I have the next two volumes of the manga, and that'll keep me happy for a while.
1	yeah they were all yellow...       What Icons are for you? by ladyallie      Username           Favourite Colour           Sex      Male Female YES PLEASE! Undecided Both Neither       Your Love icon is...           Your Sad Icon is...           Your Happy Icon is...           Your Angry Icon is...           Your Food Icon is...           Your Animal Icon is...           Your Random Icon is...           Your Cartoon Icon is...           Your Sexy Icon is...                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !       *yawn*  it's such a nice day today...  hopefully someone wants to be nice and call me, so i don't end up doing something stupid, like homework that i don't even have!  lol... right i'm a huge nerd!  anyway, peace out and let's enjoy this weekend- it's already beginning to feel like summer...
0	I'm not sure why, but for some reason I became quite depressed a little while ago today, and I don't quite know why.  I just slumped into a major funk (the bad kind of funk) and haven't been able to snap out of it.  Usually when I get depressed I eventually find some way to make myself get distracted or something, but that's not working so far.  I don't even remember what I was doing when I started feeling this way today, but I remember thinking about life in general: what I've done and haven't done; my accomplishments and failures; the good and the bad...I like to believe that someday everything works out for the best, and that everything has its own purpose, that being good does lead to good things eventually, that there is a point to it all...but I can't right now...
0	sigh today was just a loosing battle in which went from  bad to worse...
1	I'm outside on this beautiful day, so call my cell if you need me!
0	The hideous beast of my envy is squirming about again. I am elated for Ryan and Darrah, Ryan having been recently accepted to what sounds like a dream PhD program. However, hearing about the thrilling academic and literary careers of my friends is thoroughly wounding to my already shot-to-hell pride. I never realized I'd be weeded out of academia so shortly after attaining a BA, that BA being worth, apparantly, next to nothing. I realize that 3% acceptance rates at the schools I wish to attend are not good news for anyone, but I suppose I've always been vain enough to assume I really am that good.   I realize this is emotional malingering, but I've never been a tremendously healthy girl in that arena.
1	aint it da trufe?        You scored as  Democrat .  &lt;'Imunimaginative's Deviantart Page'&gt;        Democrat             83%       Anarchism             75%       Green             75%       Socialist             42%       Communism             42%       Republican             8%       Nazi             0%       Fascism             0%        What Political Party Do Your Beliefs Put You In?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	Why would the beginning of 2005 be any different from the end of 2004. Within the first 20 minutes I was isolated, depressed and pretty much hating life with a pillow over my head. I love my friends for trying to cheer me up though (Josh, Danielle, Batch and Nicole S). Having pretty much a shitty year so far, can only get better I guess (well besides the fact that I work in about 6 hours).   FUCKING ROAR!
1	Okay so for my birthday I got 40 dollars from family friends. Then Alison and Katie stopped by my house to give me a cake and some cupcakes but I wasn't there so they left it at my doorsteps. I later found them at BAM so it was all good. The cake and stuff was good. Today Emily gave me a nice little box with some cookies in it and they were low carb cookies but good nonetheless. So thank you everyone for thinking about me on my birthday and getting me stuff I really appreciate it. Let me know when your birthday is so i can amke something special for you.
1	TED AND I ARE GOING TO HIS PLACE!!! his friends emmett and michael kept giving me strange, and somewhat intimadating looks... what the fuck was that about? oh well, he's so cute! i wonder if he does drugs? i wonder if that matters? will he like me? god, i sound like a TOTAL queen... oh well... wish me luck!
1	if you twist and turn away if you tear yourself in two again if i could yes i would if i could i would let it go surrender.. dislocate  if i could throw this lifeless lifeline to the wind leave this heart of clay  see you walk. walk away into the night. and through the rain. into the halflight and through the flame  if i could through myself  set your spirit free i'd lead your heart awake see you break. breakaway into the light. and to the day  to let it go and so to fade away to let it go and so to fade away i'm wide awake i'm wide awake wide awake i'm not sleeping  if you should ask then maybe they'd tell you what i would say true colors fly in blue and black blue silken sky and burning flag colors crash. in blood shot eyes  if i could you know i would if i could i would let it go  this desperation dislocation separation condemnation revelation in temptation isolation desolation let it go.  i'm wide awake.
1	So.. today is Saturday, YES!  Not only is it Saturday, but I get my hair done today, finally, I am so excited!  This weeks been alright I suppose... works well, work.  Things are suppose to start changing next week, we'll see if that happens though.    Other then that... I have no clue what to write about.  I think Im going to go see the Wedding Date today... and I think furniture shop after my hair appointment.  Anyway, have a special weekend!
1	it feels like time is quickly passing us by.  Everyday feels like we are getting older, and time is not waiting. the clock is ticking. the hours are slowly fading away.  I feel like im wasting my time when i am not doing anything, and that makes me feel like im old. and i dont want it to go. this week has been nothing but an EVERLASTING adventure. nothing feels real. it's so beautiful, i am so peaceful.  and i like it.
1	*cheers* Christmas is coming up! Gifts, joy, snowball fights, and Shizuka! It’s going to be great no wait magnificent! I finally got my computer to work so I don’t have to run by Honda’s house and use his. Maybe I’ll even get some Christmas mistletoe to hang somewhere in the apartment. You never know what will happen on Christmas.   I hope they don’t give us homework over the vacation though, but if they do, I’ll burn it and make sure it burns in hell. *chuckles* Good thing about this Thursday and Friday though, movie days in history. Just can’t wait! I just love the last week of school before some vacation and vacation.  Well gotta go, Christmas shopping and decorating the house to do. Hope I have enough money for a Christmas tree this year.   ~ Katsuya
1	Today was fun I went to the school with my cousin and ryan. ryan didn't talk much though and i couldn't think about ne thing to talk about. but today he told me that the guy that he was talking to online sent him his pic and ryan said that he was ugly. hehehe! i hope that he gets online soon so that i can talk to him. well g2g!
0	  I took today and tomorrow off. I thought I had to do something today, but its tomorrow. Now im just sitting here. Depressed. Alone.        &nbsp;     I'm watching the Funeral of Ronald Reagen. RIP.       It's rather sad.        &nbsp;     Tonite, Joshua and I are going to do a short work out and then we're going to CJ Barrymores. That should be fun. Maybe i'll feel better.       &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;     I Love You.       &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;     *CoUnT My StArS*  
1	Stubborn and hard-hearted. Ambitious and serious. Loves to teach and be taught. Always looking at people's flaws and weaknesses. Likes to criticize. Hardworking andproductive. Smart, neat and organized. Sensitive and has deep thoughts. Knows how to make others happy. Quiet unless excited or tensed. Rather reserved. Highly attentive. Resistant to illnesses but prone to colds. Romantic but has difficulties expressing love. Loves children. Loyal. Has great social abilities yet easily jealous. Very Stubborn and money cautious.
1	  10 WEEKS  from today I will be graduating college!!!!! Woohoooo!&nbsp;I can hardly&nbsp;wait! 
0	Why is it whenever I'm trying to get to sleep, people are talking to me or playing video games loudly or something, and when I'm feeling down depressed and lonely nobody's around OR online?  Hmmm... down, depressed and lonely.  Iron Maiden lyrics.  26 Acacia Avenue.  Sequel to Charlotte the Harlot.  Doesn't make it any better though :(  Hope the Halloween party this weekend makes it better.  I think I'll try and focus on that, and leave the bad thoughts 'til after.
1	all i have to say is holy crap!!!!!  tonite was so freakin awesome!! i went to engineroom with annie and bob to see  underoath  hopesfall The chariot  The fear before the march of flames this is the things that happened tonite or should i say last nite.  1. Someones dad was crowd surfing! 2.Underoaths guitarist jumped on the crowd while playin his guitar. 3.People were crowdsurfing all over the place...even on stage where someones they were helped through the back door.. 4.it was completly sold out tonite, we had to wait outside in longgg and i mean freakin longgg lines. 5. water was flying, bottles were flying, people were flyin lol haha 6. it was so hot in there it felt like a hot summer day inside 7. saw some people i hadnt seen in a couple of months 8. came home smelling like that smokey crap@!@@ 9. I have to be at school in approximately...6 hrs and 44 mins hahah i dont feel like goin to bed.
1	Work was super fun tonight. There were only four kids, all girls 4-8 years old. This is the perfect kind of group. Large enough to entertain themselves, feminine enough to not tackle the shit out of each other and make too many fart jokes and small enough that I got to actually play games and do activities with them instead of just telling kids what not to do. I went dressed up as a pirate, went on a treasure hunt, made balloon swords and parrots, made pirate hats, made treasure maps and played balloon stop. And got paid! Suckers. Anyway, it did lack alcohol. But everyone knows alcohol and prepubescent girls are a bad combination anyway. Well most everyone. I know there are some of you sick michael jackson fan club bastards out there somewhere. All hail the king of pop-ing cherries.
0	Decay so lovely I wish to expire The biting stench The passing of souls That twisted ebon ooze A viscous unholy rot I love it  Life is the disturbance Existance is ignorance Spirits are invaders To destroy one divine Rip the planet bare See the beauty in the darkness I love it  To eradicate flesh Befoul and duress The genocide of humanity Of animals and plants Nothing but black The final cycle in life I love it  -The Fallen
1	I am doing verrrrrrrrry well   :)    p.s.- im not sure i wanna continue with this livejournal, it's kinda annoying and frustrating at times... ill let you know in my next update if  i am going to delete it or not... ooooh the suspense is killing...isnt it?
0	According to my accountant, I can't take losses on the money owed me for some writing contracts that have gone unpaid. I still have plenty of deductions for expenses, however, so I should still get something back, but now I think i could have saved the acocuntant's fee and done it myself.
1	  Ahoooooo,  Peter you rule my friend. Surprising me on my birthday with an advance copy of  "The Quiet Offspring"   by my favourite band Green Carnation. May good fortune and happiness surround you as you walk your brave path into 2005 buddy.    "I know your sad because its winter..but I can promise you a spring...I know your cold I see you shiverrrr..but I can promise you a spring!"   -GC         The Quiet Offspring - Release Dates World Wide February 21 USA is March 22    "The Quiet Offspring" Tracklist   1. The Quiet Offspring   2. Between The Gentle Small & The Standing Tall   3. Just When You Think It's Safe   4. A Place For Me  5. The Everlasting Moment   6. Purple Door, Pitch Black   7. Childsplay Part I  8. Dead but Dreaming   9. Pile Of Doubt   10. When I Was You   11. Childsplay Part II     
1	Finals are over. Finally.  ICS 168 exam didn't go well for me, but it's over. I don't care anymore, at least until grades come out.   Robots    Saw Robots recently with Lena. Was really fun. I can't wait to get that on DVD, whenever it comes out. I loved how inventive everything was, especially Rodney's sidekick character, Wonderbot. It reminded me of falcons/falconers (example photos:  1   2 ), though Wonderbot definitely did more than any falcon could.  Still, reminded me of how cool I always thought it'd be to have something in that style relationship.   New photos       Kim's Birthday      Massage Party      Repairing CD Jukebox       Dinner at Chili's      Bonfire at Corona Del Mar  
0	Oh, great. My life is getting worse by the minute.  In an attempt to improve our financial situation in order to apply for a loan for my Mexico trip sometime around November of December, my parents are turning off all the features on our cellular phone service EXCEPT the basic phone service, so that means no more wireless Internet, no more text messages, and no more pictures messages.  Also, they're turning off digital cable in our house, so all we'll have are the basic 70 channels.  If going to Mexico means being bored out of my mind for the next 8 months, I question whether it is worth going.  Anyone have a sharp object?
1	If you read this,  even if I don't speak to you often,  you must post a memory of me.  It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad,  just so long as it happened.  Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you...
1	real life=weekend and what a fab one this one is going to be   tonite: quiet, romantic nite at home with my love...sizzlin somethin' sumptuous up in our gorgeous new oven and curling up in a lovelock with lotsa candles and uh, entertainment... tomorrow: spending the morning writing and painting... then a not-so-quiet afternoon with the cousin-kid type creatures and kona...catching up on movies and pre-teen, canine fun. sunday: sleep....lots of it in the a.m. followed by church at 10 and a world-wide tribal moment of silence for fairy-diva-extraordinaire harry hay at 1pm followed by RENT at 2. it just doesn't get any better than that.  yay. life tastes soooo exquisite when properly savored. yummi.
0	I miss him. I miss our friendship. I miss chattin with him. I miss being all wacky and weird, I really miss it. SIGH. We are so "stiff" with each other now, tis painful... So sad it's come to this. SO SAD..
1	kristen-- this one's for you darling!  one of my memories of you is when we talked on the phone for the first time and we figured out that we were both republicans at weaver and that we had so much in common and i was like wow.. we are like separated twins  and another is the first time i heard you sing- goodbye to you, at the first WAPO. i already loved the song and i thought you did a fantastic job and i admired that it was your first year and you sang at the first opportunity you got because i know that i never could have done that i was so insecure.  love you girl!   if you read this, you gotta post a memory of me. Whatever you want. good, bad, as long as it happened. then post this to your journal. see what people remember about you....
0	Well, I had hoped to be able to make it down to the S.F. area this weekend, but it looks as if I am going to be too effin' busy to do it.   Which blows.  I am still planning a visit on Jan 30th for the Scissor Sisters show at the Warfield.  This will NOT be cancelled.
1	Wow! I've been really lucky. I met a guy. Not Rubin or Matt. But a guy named Daniel. It was very awkward at first. I mean I have been talking to him for about a day, and then the next day we met. I brought Niffer with me. And we met at Boarders. At first we both we kinda scared and we kinda like just stood there and stared. But we warmed up. And we were cuddling at the end of it. I think I may have found a guy to hang with. I mean it makes me really happy. It's kinda scary. I really like him. He has a GREAT personality and he is easy on the eyes. The best part is he is interested in me. Yeah, me. Dianne. It's crazy! I really like that. lol. I hope this is will blosm into something. But I'm not so sure as of yet. But I hope it will, and I think it will.
1	can't wait to go snowboarding.... gunna be loads o' fun, 'tis....
0	he broke up with me!!! iam so depressed rite now. well i have been for the last couple of days. but i spose im ova it. but he dumoed me!!! dat asshole. anywayz just thought dat i would share. luv ya lotz megz xoxoxo
1	the money piece of moms computer is sitting in his room. He is fiddling with it now.  His mate dropped the monitor (...) so im going to have to wait till tommorow to give her the whole lot but at least now he has something to show her.  I have a great feeling of relief flowing through me. :)
0	    valentines sucks it just anotherday that a fat kid cant get a date or have any fun and just stays home&nbsp; and be home with no one to care about :(    
1	so today is thursday and im at work . .working hard and i dont have to go to school today casue i need to catch up on my sleep and pack! also i might have to go to charlette russe one more time before we go to florida . .last night my rents dropped me off at oakland and i returned 2 tanks and got 3 new ones their all very cute . . i also got 3 new shorts and 2 tanks from AE but i really just wanna get like one more . . i got a cute new pair of shoes from  charlette russe as well . .its starting to become my favorite store . . went to hollister but they didnt have anything cute at all i was real disapointed but anyways i am off to do an admission so leave comments :)
1	That's right! My Daddy damnit!! I haven't seen him since August. I'm friggin stoked man! Oh yeah, and he's bringin my other trombone + cash to fix my small one. Yipee! He's only going to be hear for a couple of hours on friday, but still, I'm excited way mucho!    Oh yeah, and I'm currently making a poster for Geography. We're still doing the unit on prejudice, member, I mentioned it previously. My weekend homework was to make a poster supporting something that is usually biggioted, so, go figure, I'm doing mine on supporting gay marriage. BTW, its due tomorrow. So, if anyone could give me any ideas for what to add to my poster, that would be great yo.
0	  so no practice today which is a relief since i have soooooooooooo much to do! and sooo many tests! im a little upset i spent about a decade on this paper for english and i definatley really liked and he TORE it up whatever shit happens................and i feel just a little bit stabbed in the back not tooo ignorant as em would say since i was about to go eat dinner when i hear and family talking about me and lets just say it wasnt the best of things like how old are we honestly why dont you say it to my face! palease well i take stuff seriously and i dont let go of it for&nbsp; a while just ask my sister so i guess that sucks for them well cant wait to fail all my tests...........................     &nbsp;    &nbsp;     oh and by the way I LOVE THE KILLERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
0	Well I just finished watching the mainly unmitigated horror (except for the shining beacon that is Clem) of  Seeing Red . GAH!  I need happy, fluffy fic to cleanse my palate before moving on to  Villains .  Suggestions anyone?  Or just tell me a funny story please.
1	Wheee!  I'm in the library downtown!  This is one of the greatest discoveries ever!  Ahhh sweet livejournal, how I've missed using you during the daylight hours.
1	Look at this! Is it fake?     If it isn't fake, I'll be very happy. I'm a huge Kyoru fan! Ha ha ha!  ... I think it's fake, though.  EDIT: Oh, yeah, I just had to tell the world, or whatever, that I got a B on my math test! I rock! I rule! I'm awesome!! I scored 30 points! I'm the best! Nobody beats me!!!  And my Aikido instructor is going to sell aikido... clothes... to me on monday. Oh, the happiness!
0	or How I Thought the thing I Downloaded Would be Great but It Wasn't  While looking for the new  Electric Six  I found a band called  The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza .  Now having the experience of ingesting much cheese from the internet, I expected that this band would rock my world.  Unfortunately it's some horrible fuzzy heavy metal and a gutteral grumbling, from one song to the next it sounds the same, so much that I was listening to the first song and jumped ahead a few songs and thought my mp3 player was not responding.  I understand that with such a great band name you're allowed to do whatever you want with it, but is it too much to ask that you use it wisely?
0	        &nbsp;         &nbsp;         &nbsp;         &nbsp;           &nbsp;         &nbsp;    i hate mondays. 5 months. &lt;333 
0	after so many months filled with apathetic thoughts            depression is a blessing.
1	So, I am finally in NY at AMDA. I love it here. People are fantastic. We had placements today and I think I did well. I've met a lot of new people here. I met Darius. He's fantastic and gay. Its so much fun to hang out with him.     I'm getting a lot of excercise here. There's a hell of a lot of walking, but I'm not complaing. So I'm on my own and loving it. I find out what my classes are sometime this weekend and I'm really looking forward to see when my classes are and what they are. I hope they're not Tuesday-Saturday cuz then I can't see any Pentucket shows. :(     So, I'm really excited. I miss you all.   Mucho amor,  Rach*
0	just had a long talk with my parents. my reward for cleaning up yesterday was the privilege of cleaning every monday. counters, floors, vacuum, bathroom. everything in the house except personal rooms.  tell me why i just feel like crying...
0	My mother put her down the day after I saw my kitty (and lj posted) while I was in transit on the boat and couldn't be reached.
1	hey hey, I'm a veteran wrimo-er who just found out about wriye...took january off since I wasn't around, so I have yet to start writing. I have no ideas... ::chomps nails nervously::
0	My grandfather died this morning, and all I can think about is how to make Marissa, Karen, Kelly, and that whole group want to spend time with me.  How fucking stupid am I? I must be one hell of a selfish person, or maybe just a horrible person.   Christ. I'm tired of being alone.
0	im dumb and only make things worse. i need to stop being psychotic. ugh.
0	We just lost a great man in the world.  Chris LeDoux died today from cancer.  He was only 56.  Me and Kristen seen him last year when he came to Ocala. It's sad to hear this.  Just sad.  www.chrisledoux.com
0	so how does one accidentily dye their hair black? i'll post pictures tomarrow of my terrible dye job. i don't know, it's a little hip, i guess.
0	 Dear Brothers and Sisters ,  I am going through a  very hard time  right now - and I would  greatly welcome  everyone's  thoughts and prayers  here, if you can spare them. Your  Love  and  Light , I know, can and will help me greatly here, so please do not hesitate to send them.   You are  all  in my prayers...  With much Love and Light, Frater Yechidah.
1	 First order of the day: Croissants. Anyone which to share?  Update 10:54: It's now snowing..... Brrrrrrrrrrrr
1	and I dare say it is actually feeling seasonal.&nbsp; Now, if you don't live or have never travelled to Miami (or anywhere in South Florida) you may not be aware that there are no real seasons here.&nbsp; There is summer and then a less intense summer followed by a normal for everyone else summer.&nbsp;&nbsp; The temperature is routinely in the high 70's °F/ mid 80's °F(mid to high 20's °C) all through "winter".&nbsp; But this year we are actually feeling wintery already.&nbsp; It's actually 48&nbsp;°F&nbsp; (9&nbsp;°C)&nbsp; right now, at 3 am.&nbsp; We may finally get a cool Christmas without having to leave town.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hooray for winter!
1	Yay! We once again have the wonderful essence of TV watching! Yay for cable! Woo! Michael's new friend next door came over last night and hooked us up with some cable. Wee! Yay for illegal cable!   It is a wonderful thing. :D
1	Well school was fun today. I love staring at Mr. Kevin Andrews. Soooo hott. We stayed after for the water polo tourney, which was QUITE a great event. Its amazing how hott a freakin speedo makes some guys look. Kevin Michael Andrews = hottest sophomore ever!!!!   Well, I have to start getting ready for the dance. 80'S FLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHH DAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEE woooo hoo0....  Tomorrow is irvine. I wish I could like, hang out with "the hottest sophomore ever" though. Dang man, I want him so bad. And I want to go to homecoming with him so bad. But he doesnt know if he can go yet. So if he can't, then I wont be going to homecoming.   But I must get ready, I've only got about and hour. OH NO THATS NOT ENOUGH!!!  Have a great weekend!
0	heyyyy everybody... my bday is in 2 days!!! dont forget to get me someting sweet.. dont forget me at the mall! lol jp im verrry depressed right now.. ya not only do i have to get that thing that could lead to cancer out... i have to get my tonsils out otherwise... im gonna be sick 24/7! and i'm gonna be sick till i get them out :'( sux huh? im soooo tired! idk guess im still stuck on cali time... well we had school today... not too much... hey guys... i think everyone agrees... mr. medved has waaaaaaaaaayyyyy too much time on his hands! wuts with the sound effects? lol wow! i dread school cuz i have to put up wit him! well im gonna finish my chat wit mike and heather and IM ppl and see if bills gonna answer me. ok i luv u all! lotza luv hugz&kissez vina
0	Still no job. The interview went great, the lady really liked me, the guy i guess not so much. So Bonnie called today to tell me that they filled the position but when there is another opening she is going to call me first and offer it to me. Thats great but I can not just sit around waiting for that to happen. So now I search again for a different job. I need one, and so far  nothing. SHIT.  Ok I still need to read for Sociology of Gender so I should go. Talk to you all later.
0	will buy that game to be played @ my uncle house :) ternyata udah keluar tuh game.... sial... ya udah, nextime I go to citos, I'll look up that game... :p
1	Hey - just a meaningless post....  .....so show you  this!  This web site rules! I guess it's a girl thing - kinda like the Sims in that you get to dress up people - celebs, in whatever outfits you want. Oh man - this is cool. I want to dress myself this way!
0	  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  Whitey      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; can      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;wooooo&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   
1	I'm going home today!  Woohoo!  Please, feel free to call me between 1 and 7 to keep me awake.
0	I still can't beleive they killed off Boone!  (Hint: coming up for fandom meme!)  I loved Boone!  He was aweseome!  He was one of my favorite characters!  *sniffles*  He will be missed!  *cries*  I'm still pissed off that this happened but at the same time, I can kind of see why they did it.  His death is the stepping stone for plot developement.  I would still like to think that he won't be dead, but its pretty slim to nill that he's coming back, unless its in flashbacks or more backstory.  At the same time, I also know that his death is a death that will effect the most people on the island.  Still....Lost won't be the same without Boone.  T_T   Edit:  Still fandoms that need to be guessed at!     Weiss Kreuz Gluhen  Black Cat  CSI:  Miami  Scrubs Lost   I'm still taking guesses!  If you so desire I am also willing to give out hints.  ^^;
1	THANK YOU THANK YOU THANKS YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU&nbsp; THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!!!!!&nbsp; Not sure who did it but thanks SOOOOOOO much wow i'm speachless! YOU ARE THE BEST!!!
1	White Noise was a lot different and a lot better than I thought it would be.  It creeped me out to the extent that it will be hard to sleep tonight lol - it was great to see Richie and you better come visit me in Boston!    Yeah so I had a great time and see White Noise if you're in for a good creeping out  Well, with nothing more to say, I'm going to go play a scintillating game of the stone-aged Starcraft haha
0	Nathen: The Media Center's going to close in about ten minutes. You'll need to move somewhere else in the library before then.  Patron: Uh, so.... when you say close..... does that mean I can't stay here?  Nathen's Inner Voice: No. Because when I said "move somewhere else," what I meant was, "sit your dumb ass down right here."
1	Hello. I'm new to this LiveJournal thing and think that the idea of an anime harem is pretty cool. Can I snag Himura Kenshin from RK and Ladios Sopp from Five Star Stories? Thanks!
1	In different places I've been asked about pictures of Damon. I told him that, about this nosy bunch on LJ. lol. He didn't mind if I posted his picture. So, it's done with permission. ;)       Hope you're pleased now. lol.
1	U know something my house became the chillin spot....Every weekend I always have something goin on at the crib,plus i have a brand new pourch too.It LOOKS HOT!!!Last night i had Paul,his girl & maureen at the crib playin spades & asshole & we were drinkin our ass off that night till 4am.Man i had a great ass time that night.My cell was goin off the hook that night but i didnt answer it cause i was havin the time of my life :-) just us four.I LOVE MY CRIB!!!!
1	I've been working this whole weekend. It sucks. Theres so many new people, its like im starting a new job. It's just really not worth getting paid 5.15 an hour to run around all night taking orders, making salads, cleaning shit, and getting bossed around by 54 different people. I definitely need to find a better paying, more fun job.  Besides that...... Im going to a Bills game tomorrow which should be cool. I don't know how Im going to fit in writing my bio essay, studying for a econ test,and finishing college apps, but we'll see....  At least theres only 2 days of school!!!! Then thanksgiving, then I get to see Jamie, and THEN the patty party at Ches's!! YAY ;-)
1	     My LiveJournal Trick-or-Treat Haul     Msbruise goes trick-or-treating, dressed up as Masquerade.     ax_kamen  gives you 19 mauve cinnamon-flavoured gummy bats.     blessed_eternal  gives you 17 teal peach-flavoured hard candies.     gothicdarkraven  gives you 16 mauve coffee-flavoured pieces of bubblegum.     kydin  tricks you! You lose 3 pieces of candy!     misterpunch  gives you 16 light green cola-flavoured hard candies.     pixxi_is_dizzy  gives you 4 teal grapefruit-flavoured pieces of taffy.     xxxbleedblack  gives you 17 light orange coconut-flavoured wafers.    Msbruise ends up with 86 pieces of candy.     Go trick-or-treating! Username:        Another fun meme brought to you by   rfreebern  .    
1	This adorable little 86 year old lady just dropped off a tv at work.  She asked me to escort her to the car to pick it up and for my arm for a bit of support.  Its funny how little tiny things can make you feel like a man.
1	                                   ...I have about 75 more, but with dialup it takes FOREVER to load. Ugh.   remember to check www.si.com after 2 p.m. today and read my column!!!
1	     Who were you in a past life? by   Kat007        Name:           Birthdate:           Favorite Color:           Country:           You were most probably:    Cleopatra       If not then you were:    A pretty little flower              Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 2.0  !     
1	yay i leave tomarrow afternoon to colorado !! yay im so happy !! and excited!! hehe!! so guys ill see you all when i get back oky!! but if you really need me all have my cellie so ya just give me a ring!! anywho im staying with my best cuzzie in the  worl !! were goin got have so much funn !! well off to pack and type  my research report for dct that i have to go turn in ,in the morning!! so see ya laters oky love you all!
0	Since 8:30 PST I have been glued to CNN watching coverage on Pope John Paul II.  I can't turn it off.  I am not a spiritual person at all but I feel a great sadness with his immient passing.  It will be a great loss to this world.  Lastnight I had a date with Zack, the hot Bosnian.  It was a lot of fun and he's really hot.  He is going to come out to The Jacket with Jenn, Candace, Ollie and me.  Man, do I ever want to kiss him.  He gave me a goodnight kiss and I totally want more.
0	I wish it was like it used to be...I hate high school and how it changes people. I know that changing is part of life but it doesnt mean friendships have to end does it? I was thinking about when I was younger...I guess I was wrong about some things and sometimes you just have to deal with people making other friends and you have to make new friends too. I still wish it was the same, I miss the old times...but it will never be like it was.  How could it just end...?
1	it's been a big secret as to what the walk route would be, because the organizers were still getting approval, permits, etc from the various towns along the route.  but our team leaders send out an email, revealing the route:  it's starting in nashua, nh at the pheasant lane mall and ending at MIT in Cambridge, MA.    yay!
1	I saw crocuses and snowdrops in a few people's front yards today, the first flowers this year, and the temperature hit +16C (61F)!   And  I got the first "regular" batch of work in almost two weeks.  So, as Ms.A's icon says, sometimes ya just gotta go "Wheeee!"
1	Yeah so we watched "The Scanners" last night. Fucking messed up movie, but quite intriguing at the same time. Tonight is gonna be fun. A certain someone is coming over for a "sleepover." Hahaha wow I'm going to hell. Kiss my ass.
1	im sick.... i think its from the shots i got on monday... they injected me with a live strain of yellow fever and it hit me now. it sucks.  so anyways  me and jessica are going out.... im happy. shes happy... we're happy
1	 thanks to       xenethe    for the first few of these:  (l-r:        xenethe   &nbsp;[jenny]  , moi, kevin,       jeminas    [marlea])  (my first attempt at ddr [w/      robynie   ] )  (l-r: jenny, rhiannon, moi, robyn)  (ancient relic recovered from allison wilson's house, l-r: luke [lukewarm? no, luke hot ], tim, moi)  ("stuck on the '70s." branson's...finest?)  (unflattering family portrait, l-r: marlena, steve,       come_on_scott    [allie], moi)  (nakato...l-r: carrie, moi, allie, steve, becca &amp; brian, marlena, robert, jaimie, jenny)      NEWS:   as of right now my stepmom is in labor. she and dad are at the hospital. supposedly it could be another 24 hours or so before my sister is born. everyone please pray for a 100% healthy delivery (all's well so far). i'll definitely post pictures of the baby very soon.
1	         a princesa Catarina passeia-se no castelo de Montemor-o-Velho! Uma de muitas doces recordações duma passagem de ano inesquecível. mil beijos à Inês, ao Zé, ao João, à Virgínia, ao Dinis e à pequena Catarina por terem partilhado comigo um difícil regresso, que acabou por ser uma entrada em cheio no Ano Novo. Viva 2005!!!    
1	i fell back in love with thurssay  fell in love with saves the day it looks like i am going backwards on my music going back to music i listened to when i was younger.   THE HEADLINES FIRST SHOW!!! more info later  please go you will be sure to witness a great entertaining show! for the headline!!
0	i dont know what to believe right now..i dont even want to bring it up because i know she wouldnt hurt me..but u know what ...she JUST told me she doesnt care..and i took it as she dont care about ME..so fuck it...!
1	YaY! I finally got to level 50 with my Red Mage. Woo-hoo! I started my AF quests, and almost finished AF2 already. Just have to wait till tomorrow to dig them up. I also started the genkai 1 quest. Now it's the fun time of finding people to help gather the items needed. Maybe even find a 5.1 party before I macro in my elemental staffs in my macros. Looks like it's gonna be a fun weekend.
1	I just started reading the ozy and millie comic a couple of weeks ago and instantly became a fan of it, so I figured "hm, why not check and see if theres an LJ group" And to my surprise there indeed is one!  I hate to make an introduction post since normally they're boring and stuff but I figured I may as well. So hiya! and I hope to talk with some of you guys sometime ^^  P.S. Ozy has a cute hat. :)
1	 OMG! BEST DAY EVER!!!!!   Veronica Mars has been picked up for a second season!  TODAY IS THE BEST DAY EVER!  (grabbed the link from       wisteria_   )
1	hey everyone..  the band I manage   BLEED YOU DRY   have recorded a demo!!! Check out  http://www.bleedyoudry.tk  or hit up www.myspace.com/bleedyoudry  thanks guys love kirsten
1	yay, i found out today that i get to go to little shop of horrors thursday night and for those of you laughing at me right now haha shut up cause i love musicals lol  tracy and i have an idea for the eurotrip shirts! oooh i like the design! and we're trying to get the TOK shirts too top 10 reasons to heart TOK  britt and i (and hopefully yooms too) are gonna go prom dress shopping on saturday!!  sweetheart banquet sunday...hahaha yeah...NO  ooh and i need to buy a coat yeah thats exciting too!  haha today pool read a poem w/a rainstick ooh man i was trying so hard not to laugh..mk that just crossed my mind for some reason...soo BYE!
1	 In the comics Logan and Kitty Pryde are sparring partners, so here's the idea: hot, sweaty, danger room smut!fic. Extra cookies for an actual plot. Don't forget to  post it  to the  fanfiction archive  so the rest of us can enjoy it. 
1	I got the most beautiful Christmas card today, it was so cute. My mom was even gushing over it.     Thanks Davy  *hugs and kisses*
0	someone who i care a great deal about. i did not mean to hurt this person. i tried to be honest and hope that our friendship would remain, but it hasnt. its only disappeared. emotions are weird. they can make or break a relationship. whether it be in friendship or romance.  i have lost a very good friend. and i am very sad about it. i wish i could be all that is expected, but all i can do is follow my heart. even if my heart is wrong, at least i was true to myself.  i know none of this makes sense.....i think i just needed to write some things....
1	I went to Walmart tonight to pick up some stuff for my big music apprec project, and found The Postal Service's "We Will Become Silhouettes" single in the CD section!  I love that song so damn much.  (It's always a surprise to find stuff like that at Walmart, too.)  Also:  I have reached over 10,000 songs listened to on my  Audioscrobbler !  Wow I've sat on the computer a lot.  :/
1	Just hanging out with Ludwig.Not a whole lot going on just reflecting.
0	ooops, i have to hurry up to reach the 5 post mark. Otherwise       rbarclay     and       nilasae    wold be right. Post count = 3.
0	It has just been bought to my attention over company morning tea that the majority of my co-workers do not like cricket!  I am surprised and dissapointed.  Very dissapointed.
1	I would like to thank Paris for officiating T. Nicole and mine's wedding.  It was beautiful.  Made me cry. . . And now I have the best wife in the whole WORLD!!!!  It was a beautiful double cerimony with T and myself, then Emily and her three lovely mix cd's.  Dylan Duke sang and played his geetar. . . Amazing.  The reception was to die for.  T, I owe you a cake.
1	Thanx to all my friends for making my birthday the best ever...hard to believe that it's my last one i'll have with all these people...i love you all so much!!! I hope you all had a great time too:)                               and one homecoming pic that makes me happy:)     *Danielle
1	Okay, it's time for the annual "Where are all you CTYers going to college" thread.  I'm going to Bryn Mawr, and I'd love to hear if there's anyone else going there (or Haverford or Swarthmore for that matter-a TriCo CTY meet-up day could be pretty cool).
1	 The Joss-Man   Who ISN'T squeeing about this right now?!?!?   ETA    Check this picture out.   I think the text is a little cheesy.   The best article I can find on it. 
0	well maybe not  forever , just till the 30th...  I am leaving at 3 o'clock tomorrow to do an interview in Sabastapol, CA for the project I want to do on my year off...  then I am going to visit my family in Los Angeles who I have not seen in a while...  be back the 30th at 12:36 am   sorry I didn't tell anybody sooner...  I am going to miss you guys...  oh the fun we could have had...  oh well...  see you guys in July...
0	Mickey(my fat orange cat) was killed this evening by two huge dogs...i came home from the movies and saw just saw two wolf like animals hovering over an orange ball...it was my cat...  I have never cried so hard in my life...they were right outside of my house too...  My household is completely down right now...My mother went nuts, bawling her eyes out as Nick( bless you) held her tight letting her know that everything was alright...  to those who do not love their pets will probably think i'm nuts for saying this, but a few people i know will for sure relate(Alison, Ashley, Leslie)...He WAS a part of the family...  My sister is taking it REALLY hard...she sleeps with him every night...she had her final nap with him this afternoon...my parent and her just got back home from Cordelia where he is going to be creamated...  i need to go lie down...  FYI: no rehearsal at my house tomorrow...talk to Knutson to find out where it's at.
1	wow! tomrrow is the last day of fucking school! im so happy campout tomorrow oh helllls yeas  lady schmobag is having another ball weeeeeeeee
0	HIM: What's your name? ME: Lianna HIM: Are you serious? Is that really your name? ME: Yeah HIM: Because I always wanted to name my first born Lianna, with your permission of course. ME: Uh. . .sure. HIM: Even if I have that child with you? ME: Ummm, I don't like kids HIM: Maybe I can change your mind.  He should learn that talk of bearing children is not a good conversation starter to get girls in bed.
1	Billy!  I found  our house  back in L.A.!  Check this out and we can talk about it later, okay?  Love you!
1	  You are the cumulus cloud. You are nice and warm. Many times, you are in the center of attention. Other people admire you. You are at the top of all people.      Which Cloud Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	So as an exercise in exploration, I have been going to all the local EBGames searching for rare PSX games like Tales of Destiny 2 and Rhapsody lately.  There sure are a lot of EBGames in my area.  Anyways, I went to one last night and picked up System Shock 2 for the PC.  I loved the first one, but when the second one came out, I didn't have a machine capable of playing it.    But I digress.     The reason I'm telling this random anecdote is because the employee girl that was working there was all hyped up about God of War coming out this week.  I figure that should make       jescaflowne    and       luffymonkey    happy. =P  I raided Tower Records over the weekend, so have some music (rename to .mp3).   The Comas - The Science of Your Mind  (3.65 MB)  The Features - Blow It Out   (2.83 MB)  Coralie Clement - Indecise   (2.55 MB) 
0	i feel like shit today. not one for the happy record book. i have tomorrow off too...someone, please hang out with me.. please?
0	I've fallen into the pit of emo and I can't get out.
1	well, im still up here in sacrumento, granite bay actualy, but still close. ive had a kick ass weak. watched helsing, talked of anime, video games, ate japanise candy, stayed with a realy qool scotish family, been hanging with realy awsome freinds "ya dumb bitch!" plus this weak has had same realy awsome moments. miauuu. safe way F-ing rocks.    today im going to jelly belly factory with eman holly and meredith, yay! thats gunna be funtastic,  then i return here to go bowling. ^_^   howv everyone else been?
0	GDJALKDLKAJLKGDAFJKLGAJLK;JLKALJ;KGLKJAJ KLGKJLG  To those who are wondering...   I'm really upset and sick feeling.  My life has blown up into a giant shit pile.    Fuck you, Brighton.
0	If you read this, even if i don't speak to you often, post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad, just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you
0	You know it's hard to sleep when you're constantly yelling at yourself in your head.  Even though it never stops, sometimes it can be ignored.  Tonight though, it's hard to ignore it.  Emotions really, really suck to have.
0	im sad. soooo sad. count me out broke up.   who's next?  'what you could never know, you'll never see that deep inside of me. you sould never see what I see. these words take hold of me indside. I'd try to explain to you, you couldn't take the truth. it's what i keep inside. i can deal with dissapointment, can you live with yourself?it's not what's important to me, to you this means nothing.'- cmo - 110  RIP
1	At work, I always try to send out email responses to people who order catalogs. I always figure people just read them and throw them away. But this young lady thought this was funny,   i just checked my email.  this is what i sent: (to SLG)  hi. i want a catolog. gimme!  Teresa *** **** ****** **** **** Sacramento, CA 95828  thankyouverymuch!  this is the reply:  You want? What about my wants? Well, those aside, I've sent out your catalog. I hope you enjoy. Thanks for your interest in our company.  Joe Nakamura SLG Publishing   well..it made me laugh okay!!! jeezus. i take simple things very far.   Well Teresa, thanks for that. You made my day
1	I have introduced two new African Dwarf Frogs into the tank: Bill and Ted.  The ammonia levels have stabilized, the funky ass algae has been removed, and none of the current fish have exhibited any of the symptoms that led to Keanu's demise, so I figured it was about time.  I bought two because Keanu always seemed a little lonely in there, being the only amphibian (none of my other fish socialize outside their species.)  Hopefully they'll keep each other entertained.
1	i just came back from the whately diner.  i went there with marissa after work at my local videoshoppe.  it reminded me of old times spent there with mog.  i had a hamburger with cheese and salsa on the side which i inserted in the hamburger sandwich.  the menu claimed the meat pattie weighed a quarter of a pound but my mind felt it weight a fifth.  i did not leave a tip.  now i am paying for it, with hunger.  also some kids liked my rats revenge stencil and offered to give me a ride home cuz my car was in bad shape tonight.  they were nice.  serge saying gnite gracie.
0	Iam leaving tomarrow night to go home for awhile.  Me and Joe are fighting alot and both of us agree that this time apart might be good for us.  I want it to work out for us but I don't know if it will.  WE'll see when I get back.  Got to go for now.  I do love you Joe, and I hope you know that.  Kimmie
1	Christmas is over for another year.. and another year is nearly over too! I had a pretty good, relaxing chrissy and got quite a few kewl things :) I think Ashton had fun on his 1st Christmas and he also got many new toys and a few pairs of PJ's! He hardly slept all day coz he was so excited!  My boyfriend and I are finally 'officially' together again as of tonight. Everythings wonderful and I cant wait till we move in together in 2004! Things are hard living 40 minutes away from each other with no car or no license.   I get my new car within the next 2 weeks! I cant wait and its gonna make life SOOOOOOO much better... EXCITEMENT ALL AROUND!  and yet another couple have just got engaged! 3 weddings in 2005 now and counting....
1	today is house hunting day and we are going to check out 2 houses mmmmm i so can't wait to get outlooking foward to new begings and letting go of old and just repeating ones. it's sad that MOCCA"S house is splitting up but it time to move on anyway off to check out houses bye
0	Hello.... i feel sad and upset :( its my fault tho like usual.i cant escape 4rm myself so im gonna have 2 die or work sumthing out.. hmm i choose death. since yesterday i have a bout three regrets. i am never getting stoned again by the way. but my alcholhol intake isnt going anywhere though .. hmm im thinking about my school options. i would like 2 do a course aswell as school besides just school. if u dont no wat i mean i dont care becoz i no. hmmmm i like didos thankyou song its nice and makes me feel happy coz i dont no.
0	I went to YPAT anyway. Got snippy with a few people. Sang pretty good for a change. Didn't act too well most of the time, I just wasn't into it. Came so close to shouting obscenities and crying in front of everyone. Instead I just bit my lip 'till it was about to bleed.  And still, no one there. No surprise. I feel so let down right now. By myself as much as anyone. If I had done a better job of making friends and keeping them, maybe there would be someone here for me. Feh... too late now. One year. Then high school is over. Everyone goes to college. Where will I be? What future is there for someone like me? No education, no one there to support me, not even any real skills or talents... I FUCKING HATE THIS!
0	So I'm wondering if it's something in the water or what...I've noticed that 2 people on my friend's list have been depressed and have had shitty days.  Well I guess I'm number 3!  My toe hurts and I've been working and up on it most all day.  I don't understand what the hell is up with some people, who shall remain nameless.  I guess I just don't really wanna go into it right now, but I'm depressed and some shit came up and I just really don't know how to handle it, nor do I even want to think about how I'm going to start dealing with this bullshit...
0	I want to go to sleep and wake up and have it be next Tuesday.   I can't wait for this time of year to be over...And being home does not help. :(  I hate everything. :(
1	Earth to danielle do you have your ticket? I have suzannes, but you kept yours when you bought the tickets. that is all...  Soco and RxB in less than 6 hours....whoop whoop!!!
1	Well, I'm very excited. But I'm also very nervous. I haven't had a chance to tell David yet, but ...  ... L.A. will soon have two Boyds. At least for a few days. Maggie's coming to see me. *huge grin*  I hope nothing happens while she's here. But if it does, there isn't a woman on the planet who'd be better equipped to deal with it.
1	..and this would be my new car.  i'm so in love. &lt;3      
1	Hah.  Just talked to Christa; She isn't even mad. Even if she didn't get a ticket, she wouldn't be mad. She also agrees with me about the stance of Jackie and a ticket. And Jordan and Matt and I are picking her up in Brookings when we're going from St Cloud to Omaha.... and she's coming.  So it's all good. I'm happy now.
1	today was alright. i skipped out of work kind of early and went down to reptillian and spent some green. we're finally getting our cd mixed tomorrow which is pretty exciting stuff since we recorded it before christmas. im afraid that its been so long since we did it that we'll no longer think its good, but im glad its gonna be done. on a side note i watched spinal tap last night. i forgot how funny that movie is. i remember in highschool my english teacher loved that movie and we'd watch it in class when there was nothing to do. she was rad. i think she went nuts and had a brain seizure or something. she also claimed to have been friends with andy warhol back in the day. anyway, im outta here. i think we 're going to mike rileys house tonight for some type of partaaaaaay. see ya
0	for the next person who asks me about myself. go see three natalie portman movies:  Beautiful girls  garden state  closer
1	I love March and NCAA Basketball!  Just had to get that out... I'm in charge of my office basketball pool while my boss it out of town, and I'm having a blast!  I'm even doing pretty well in my brackets.. I'm about mid pack, waiting for the second round to break out ;)    HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY to everyone!  Hope you're all behaving in a responsible fashion!  Going out to get a shamrock shake...  One St. Patrick's day tradition I won't give up!  Love them, wish they were available all the time.. but then I guess they'd end up like peeps.. Fun to eat, but not nearly as special as they were when I was a kid and you could only get them at easter.  Boy, strange ramble...   *grin*
1	spenser paige and i are getting wasted this summer!!!&nbsp; hahaha todays has been a good day.&nbsp; we had fun talking about it and making our plans.&nbsp; we're all goody-two-shoes and sick of feeling like losers and being looked down upon and excluded from activities.&nbsp; guess what we found out today!?!&nbsp; THE XC SENIORS MADE BETS ON WHO WAS GOING TO GET DRUNK FIRST!!&nbsp; i guess they did that at the beginning of the year.&nbsp; and they thought paige and i would first!!&nbsp; i found that out today and i thought it was so funny ;p&nbsp;
1	to day was great.because every day is good.but ya i love life.even if there is some stuff that makes you mad and sad there is awsome stuff in your life.like people that are nice(alannah)and make you smile.it is all good at the end.but ya shcool went quick to day and good alannah came and talk to me in the morning then i relly didnt have to do ant thing in school.but ya dont do drugs kids.they are bad.well bye bye
1	Incredible night.  I was told sincere, heartfelt words that I will remember forever.  I don't think it's possible for me to be any more lucky.  I love you, Dal.   I'm not insane that's how it seems though spiteful, cruel, but wise beyond his age my body fails my soul will rise the end of life's immortalized disease and agony and I see death through golden eyes 
1	wow this weekend i jammed for about 12 hours with will and jimmy. we wrote like 3-4 new songss. one has a glockenspiel solo, and jimmy plays it while he plays the beat its freaking awesome. hopefully we can get some of those somgs on our site ill post the update when we do. i got an amp its pretty tight. we went to flores today and got soem nachos it was kickass.
1	Hahahahahaha I win Mark! You made fun of me for sayin ur icon looks like Batman and im not the only one.lol so u cant call me a dork for that one!MiSsKaY8189 (4:44:05 PM): k doesnt that icon look like batman acedrummer56 (4:44:17 PM): yeah it does lol  MiSsKaY8189 (4:44:52 PM): wait if u didnt kno anybetta wouldnt u say its batman acedrummer56 (4:45:06 PM): yeah I WIN! now whos the dork lol
0	Some of you may already know that for ages I've been lusting after a black cab.  Today, I got up off my arse and ventured to the wild north that is Bedfordshire to go to a cab dealer and stuff.  There were many cabs.  And do I fit in the driver's seat?  Hell no!
1	Hey,       pymie   ! The package arrived today! I guess that means I have to get organized. :)   Thanks a bunch, everything is PERFECT!
1	Just to state...&nbsp; The last few days I've been on, things have been  incredible .  I really mean it. My &quot;bedtime&quot; is in the range of 2-3 AM, usually.  Lately, I've been up until 5 or 6, thereby nearly being late for work in the morning. You guys are great.  I have never been tempted to say &quot;one more hour&quot; until coming to Puzzlebox.  Usually, it's been &quot;five more minutes&quot; or other similar short spans of &quot;let's just wrap this up&quot; time. Presently, I actually have something that needs to be finished on another day.  I have  never  been so wrapped-up in something that I  wanted  to do that. And just tonight, I saw similar things going on.  Incredible.  Amazing.  Beautiful. You guys rock in ways I've never been rocked before.
1	The new weezer single is out people.  Check it out...somehow.
1	Another year gone by.  It has been fun and full of new beginnings.  I thank all who have helped me grow in the last year.  Most of all I want to thank       meresg    for everything she has done to and for me.    Enough of that,  I hope everyone has a great Samhein and I will see a lot of you tonight at Nation.  Blessed Be.  bob
0	One more bit of my sports-geek/whodat/Saints fan bits. . .  The Saints lost again, and while they looked better, they're running out of time to turn the season around.  This time, we basically lost because of stupid penelties and a freak special teams play.  Some bad tackling too, but getting better.  There will be a run-off election down here in Louisiana, between Republican Bobby Jindal and Democrat Kathleen Babineux-Blanco.  The guy I supported, Randy Ewing, a New Orleans-first democrat didn't make the run-off.  I'm not terribly fond of either Jindal or Blanco, but I'll be supporting Blanco.  Not only because I'm a Democrat (personally, I'm a lot further left than Blanco), but because I feel that any democrat will be better than any republican for New Orleans, and New Orleans is my first concern.  I haven't had much time to write recently, been very busy, but I hope to have more time soon.  Right now, I haven'y been supporting too many winners recently.
0	I've got to fall in love soon. I really, really,   really   need to find somebody, or at least a friend who gives really good hugs. My life isn't working as it is. It just isn't.   Edit: (01/21/05)  I think two things hit me at once: One, I'm out of work again, and two, I wasn't very happy with much of any part of my life  before  that happened. I either need to hang on until I (hopefully) get in school or if I don't, move.
1	      be sorted  @  nimbo.net     Congratulations on making Ravenclaw!     Well you're one smart little cookie, aren't you? You're wise and clever, and just love to use your wit and learning to your advantage, and sometimes even the disadvantage of others. Well, you nerd, there IS a world outside of that copy of 'Hogwarts: A History', ya know.. Oh don't worry! We all know you're special. You're just a naturally good learner, right? *mummble mummble* Not too much is known about your house right now.. Wow! You're not only intellegent, you're also an enigma!      Ravenclaws to Remember     Cho Chang (you popular bitch..)      DAMN STRAIGHT! Ravenclaw!  wahoo!
0	So I am little depressed about the election. Brant stayed over last night to watch election stuff on tv. I'm tempted not to go to class because Brant won't be going, but I didn't go last week and I hate feeling behind. I should be working on one of my papers, but I just can't get into it. I had lunch at Quizno's with Brant today. It was good. I had never eaten there before. Brant showed me this shitty article in the Rebel Yell. Our school paper really sucks ass. I wish I was the granddaughter of the caretaker of a home for imaginary friends. I'm getting a pumpkin latte before class. The End.
0	      neelix    is letting me update quickly on Lj because I didn't have time to make an entry yesterday since I was studying more information on Starfleet regulations.   The truth is I'm worried and rather disappointed.   The delta flyer's mission is going to take another couple of days.   I was really looking forward to them coming back tomorrow.   I told mom that I wanted her to meet a new friend of mine called Treevis from the Flotter program.   Treevis is so funny.   He asked me this evening when I was playing Flotter if he could visit Voyager when he learned that I lived on a Spaceship and that I was an explorer.   I told him that I had to ask my mom first.   So now I'm hoping that everything is all right. I miss mom and I've been able to manage so far but with the mission lasting another couple of days I'm beginning to miss her even more.           More tomorrow,  Naomi
0	my internet still sucks. i'm really bored for some reason, and yet, i still don't feel like doing the piles of homework i COULD/SHOULD be doing. this weekend is not going to be fun...
1	1.  I just took the last shower I'll get to take in three days.  2.  In five hours, I will be in New York City!!  3.   If a single person neglects to drunk dial me after prom, he/she will thereby forfeit our friendship.   Oh, and anyone who's prom is Saturday, I'm getting home early evening so fill me in on party plans, por favor/s'il vous plait/bitte.  I'll miss you guys! Oh except wait.  I'll probably be too busy to think about you.
1	My dear husband       scrump    does things like   THIS  and ... it fills me with happiness and joy and and and.    This brightened my busy, busy, busy day.  I'm glowing!
1	   I am watching American Idol right now and it is pretty good!! Simon is so funny!! HAHAHA!!! There is a really hot guy on it!!! He's taken though!! g2g!          &nbsp;      Lauren    
1	Merry Late Christmas everyone! I hope you all had a fun and eventful christmas! Im going to St Louis to visit my friend Lisa, so I wont be here for New Years. I figured I would just give an early happy new years to everyone! I hope you all have a blast on new years eve! I will talk to everyone when I get back (Which will be on the 5th!)
0	It has recently occurred to me that I've hit a hair-dyers-block of some sort.  Believe it or not, I'm running out of things to do and it is, as one might say, "mad depressing".  Yesterday I bleached out the black only to realize that upon contact with peroxide, my hair turn about seven different colors, including brown, blonde, blonder, and green.  So I stuck some lagoon blue in and now I'm a little bit turquoise.  The only color I have yet to do is super platinum.  Perhaps that is the only place to go.  Sob.  Sob.  Maybe I should stop with the hair and focus on other aspects of life.  Nahh . . .
0	I feel like posting something tonight.  I feel like posting a million questions.  I feel like posting a million quotes I've heard from people lately.  A million different things that will air out all the torrent of emotions that are running through me.  But I won't.  I don't really see the point.  I guess you also have to consider who reads this.  I guess I should've started this post: "I feel like being really vague tonight.  I feel like asking "why" this or that.  I feel like saying that I have a lot on my mind.  Like I'm fighting for reason."  Something like that.  I'm just depressed.  And I realize that it is (most likely) temporary.  I don't like that, though. Nothing lasts.
1	yeah well i got a job today as a hostess/waitress/cleaning tables sometimes at the twisted conch on 47th terr. i start saturday at 3! come and visit a kid at work  xo  ash
1	November 11th Newport Music Hall Taking Back Sunday, Atreyu, Funeral For a Friend, The Varsity $16.50    You better fucking believe I'll be there. TBS plays amazing shows.
0	Felt really bad last night, and the same this morning. I've just been so tired recently, I was in bed for most of yesterday - then today although I got up early I went to sleep until now.  Feeling bad about my job, my ex, Oliver being fundamentally entwined with my company, having to relate to people yet having few close friends, being in debt, etc...  I'm going to have a shower and then go and get some more Warhammer 40K models from Games Workshop. I may even go and get some fudge.
1	Three Highly Excellent Things:  1. only 4 more days of school till march break!!!! .. old news of course, but I don't really have any serious work due between now and then, having finished my history paper this morning.  2. I smell like orange creamsicle .. finallly got that perfume-y stuff. it's very delicious.  3. best for last: I got into University of Toronto!!!!! .. definitely my favourite of all the places I've been accepted. Also I got into the "college" I wanted (although I wasn't too particular). The other acceptances weren't too exciting to me, but this one got me all enthused about next year. reading course descriptions and whatnot.  so the day has gotten drastically better over a short period of time.
1	And SecretPost #1 is almost good to go! Tomorrow morning I'll send the info out and people can start to shop for their posts!  (i'm so excited &gt;_&lt; )
0	Pressing the number 2 does nothing on my Now Playing List. :(
0	my heart is so weak, my head hurts from living and i've lost all the self worth i ever had.  i don't think i'm a  v.strong person, and when everything seems to go wrong in my life.... well i'm collapsing from the inside out!  i thought i was a good person, i thought i could make things right by being the best person i could be. what happens when the best you can be isn't enough?   should i leave, should i never return.. i haven't much strength left in me to do this for much longer.
1	La la la I just got home It feels nice to make money, for the first time in a year. Even if it's only $71. Even if it's at the same stupid job I got fired from almost exactly one year ago :P  NOW what shall I do?  Doom 3! And Warcraft 3. Too bad I'm done Silent Hill 3, or I could've hit the trifecta.
1	Watched Finding Nemo DVD (courtesy of Play - they sent it me accidentally ages back) with my house-mates last night..  and realised what a really "nice" film it actually is; put me in a good mood watching it, compared to the depressing stuff we normally watch (I say we but its normally the two guys I live with who put on Band of Brothers etc.) to the damn weird (the grudge :/).. it was a nice change :D  I want to see Brother Bear now lol (it had a trailer on the DVD).  :D
0	I has been months since the last time I saw my friend by the yahoo ID "koushiroizumii"...  Apparently what he said was true, last year was going to be his final year... Just early this year he stopped to appear on my messenger list, leaving me with only one conclusion.  It saddens me to say this, Kou-kun... But I must, as a friend.  Rest in peace, Koushiro, I shall not forget you.  Do svidaniya, comrade.  Your friend, Yamato_Ishida_The_Yaoi
0	   WHITE WASHED  : You sound like a valley girl. Your best friends aren't Asian and you don't really care. You like shopping at American Eagle and Abercrombie. Boys? It's the cream of the white crop for you. You're embarrassed that you can't speak your own language. You don't know who Kang Ta, Sammi Cheng, and Utada Hikaru is. "Like, what's Boba?"      What Asian Girl Are You?     VISIT  HTTP://JEALOUSY.TK     GOSH! they forgot malay!    You are coffee! Perky, sarcastic, and always alert you tend to be very quick-witted with everyone. But its okay though because everyone loves your blunt sense of humor and your classic style.      ********WHAT DRINK ARE YOU??????*********(cmon i know you wanna know) ;)     brought to you by  Quizilla    i dun like coffee... coffee me no likey
1	At 9:30 p.m. PST, my older sister finally gave birth to a baby girl. I'm officially an uncle!  :D  I think her name is Madison.
1	So yeah, I finished everything I need to do before spring break and so now I finally have free time.  My semester thus far has been the busiest I've ever been.  Basically, I'm taking some pretty tough classes, I do honor advising, sports radio, and I'm pledging Fiji, which is short for Phi Gamma Delta.  I'm thinking about starting up doing IFC (inter-fraternity council) stuff after break.  So yeah, my time is taken up pretty well, but it's an awesome time.  There's nothing too exciting in my life except for some pretty sweet stories.  So, bottom line, it's a great day to be alive, and if you want to know something more, ask me.
0	~i have finished the last of the thin mints.  no more cookies!  *tear*
1	This journal entry is regards to Friday: Play practice certainly is draining, but every price is worth paying in order to make our show great. I am exhausted, yet happy to know that our play improves with every run-through, note, and constructive criticism. Brittney left a little early from practice today, to go on a First Priority trip. I presented her with a polar bear bodyguard, "Jeffrey", in order to ensure her safety. Everyone knows how dangerous those religious gatherings are! I hope she has an awesome, enlightening time, and only wish that I could be with her, to shower her in love and grow in my faith alongside her amazing self...
1	i finally found out my official grades!    strategic management: B+ real estate investment analysis: B- managerial accounting (the worse class ever): C+  WHOO WHOO!!
1	its pink. its electronic. and it'll provide me with hours and hours of beats. ohhhhhhhhhhh my brother who took back his ipod mini bought me a pink one.
1	Landon Paul Grantham:  Mr. UCF Pageant Finalist.  Pagaent:  Saturday, November 13: 12 - 4 PM, Student Union, Pegasus Ballroom.  Real post to follow soonly.
1	Lots of hugs and birthday wishes go to       taldragon   . I hope it far outdoes your greatest expectations...  ...and I'll see you Thursday :-)
1	To all interested,  I'm selling a few things right now, if you'd like to browse through and see what suits your fancy:  CDs (Glay): Beloved Speed Pop Review Global Communication single Happiness Winter Mix Way of Difference Stand Up single Pure Soul  CDs are in near mint to new condition.  Books (Glay): 1/3 something (I don't remember what it's called ^^;) Deepest book of Glay Deepest File Song Book. Tabs for 40 songs.  Books are in mint condition.  Dir en grey: Jessica single Filth single Kai remix  Filth and Jessica have NEVER been opened. Still package sealed. Please make offers; however, money is needed BEFORE July 30.  Thank you!
1	I went to a contra dance last night.  You probably have no clue what that is- I had NO idea what to expect when I went with Jessica.  It was the most fun I've had in a long time. :D I can't adequately explain it so here's a website of what Contra looks  like.   And here's a description of what Contra  is.   you should see if there's a dance in your area.  You dont need a partner or any skills.   I just showed up and they taught me everything i needed to know.  You end up dancing with lots of different people and everyone was so friendly and happy.
1	Spiderman, then party at alisha's.  could the night GET any better?  i can't wait.
1	Well, hopefully everyone got their Christmas cards without a problem.  I'm very excited for the holiday.  I have al next week off, so we'll be making some calls to see if we can get anything settled about this wedding. &gt;&lt;  We bought our wedding bands last weekend, that's our Christmas presents to each other.  Whee! Very exciting.  They will be ready in January, just in time.  Sitting here at work, listening to launchcast and I found the perfect song for Tara.  I don't know if she's ever heard it or not, but if not, look it up.  It's called "I Want a Hippopotamous for Christmas."  It's cute, and I just think she'd like it.  Can't wait to get out of here today.  Whee!
1	This morning I was informed that my position as Senior Team Lead (Basically manager on duty - Opening & closing the store alone, as well as being the person in charge of everything much of the time) is now permanent.  Woohoo!  The reason my position has become permanent is because our store is going to be losing a hardlines executive (currently there are two) and I will be like the assistant manager to which ever exec stays.  (an exec position is the highest level before store manager in our company)   Needless to say, I&#8217;m pretty happy, as this provides a great opportunity for moving up in the company, should I choose to do so.  Otherwise It will be good for a resume.  That is all...   Oh, and my heat is back on in my apartment!  (Two weeks later!)
1	Reasons living is amazing.    ^^^Melissa&lt;3 .Thats one of our crazy raves    ^^^Samantha, Erika, and Francesca amazing best friends &lt;3   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 682/loudmouthgrl23/meclarinet.jpg  ^^^Music/Band   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 682/loudmouthgrl23/toadkiss.jpg  ^^^Clarinet Origys    ^^^Dress Up    ^^^John Cusack      ^^^Buffy/The Oc.. Greatest TeeVee Shows Ever
0	I have too much to do.  I went to a job interview today, and then to the symphony to see some opera, and then out for dinner.  Tomorrow I have another job interview, an exam and dance.  Then I will spend all of Tuesday in dance lessons and cramming for exams.  Then on Wednesday I have another job interview, a wet one at 8:30 am followed by more cramming.  This weekend is completely fucked, with interviews, exams, my NLS Pool recert and a dance competition (where I'm competing not once but twice, yay).  Monday looks the same.  I can't wait until next Tuesday.  I'm sad though, because this weekend we were going to have a going away party for Alison, Hiroko, Ayumi, Katie and Segolene, and I'm too busy to see them all.  Why did I have to be friends with so many exchange students?
1	Sorry I haven't written in a while. Boy has it been busy!!     I had my first softballl game against Dundalk... we kicked rear!! 17-6!   Spring Break of '05 baby! It's goign to be a busy week!  Yesterday I went to old navy and baught flip-flops and  a shirt with Anastasia, it was fun. Valerei and her  boyfriend broke up, im upset about that, but they are  still friends :)! I have been extremly busy with thte  play. Thanks god day practices are over! But now I have  to stay in Overlea Hidh School ffrom 7 in the morning  untill 9 at night!! Because I have softball practice  from 3-5 and play practice 5-9! It's going ot be really  hecktic.  Well thats it, I am of to straighten my hair and got with my dad, I miss him. I haven't  seen him in 3 weeks!
0	Bush for more years... *sigh* I really don't understant some ways of thoughts...
1	  HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO:        Miss Kaylynn Miller    AND         Miss Kristen Rockstroh .       16 and 18 are awesome ages to&nbsp;turn I wish you both the best day ever today and every day! I love you girls.  
1	  PLEASE everyone watch american idol on monday night and vote for Judd Harris!! He is our family friend and a nice jewish boy and he HAS TO WIN!!!!!!! SO PLEASE VOTE FOR HIM DONT FORGET THANKS!      anyway.    &nbsp;I got highlights today~ im not sure if I like them. They are really natural, which is what i wanted, but I guess I liked it darker. oh well.    &nbsp;I think I'm going to see Maroon 5 again, with Alena.     28 days till Mitch and Beth and I visit Katie at Penn State! YAYYY! Going to the mall tonite with Courtney/Beth...looking at prom dresses, so excited. eeeeee. Okay, leave notes. BYE! &lt;3 
0	I am sad...I think Boone is gonna die on tonight's episode of LOST because everyone keeps saying that TWO major charcters will die(I think they're full of shit).  And hey, you can only have so many hearth throbs on one show. (jack, Charlie, Sawyer...it's all a hunk overload)   EDIT:   and now the episode is over and I read the epoiler that said:  The character's death comes about because of something Locke has done. Charlie NOR Jack will die. But this person is well-loved, well-featured and well... doomed. It is one of the fourteen series regulars. I think it's a boy who dies. Basically, something catastrophic happens, and because someone LIES about what happened.  The death will lead to a divide with the island survivors. When the character dies off, Claire's baby will be born and Jack will NOT be the one to deliver it. Claire is going to have her baby in the season finale   *sighs* why do my favorite characters always have to die?  That's so fuckin sad.
1	"WOW!!  I just got them, tore open the box and wanted to let you know  they are beautiful.  Thank you so very much.  The flower girls are going to look adorable. -Heidi" *corresponds to the two pairs of white wings in the previous entry (below) *
1	Halftime score from Loyola: Glenbrook North 36, Waukegan 34.  North came back from 10 points down mid-2nd quarter.  Jon Scheyer 26 points, 9-14 from the field.  The  live radio broadcast  courtesy of WGBK-FM.
1	Well tonight at Casa Vega at dinner, KD Lang was sitting directly across from us! OH MY GOD!   
0	school is become stressful on me because teachers are making there classes harder and because its near the end. chances are i will have to come back or i might not even make it, if i don't i think i will be really bummed out. now my stupid bad luck is starting to plague me again. my happyness never lasts long...... my jeep is also costing me more money, i wanted to get a few repairs done(thought they were smal) and the dealership wanted an arm and a leg, so i just got my window fixed and my ac blower fixed. they said my radiator was leaking even though i never seemed to have a problem with it untill i took it there, so now i do actually have to fix it because its spraying water and stuff, fuckers. so my $5,000 didn't really last me long at all, it all went to bills and more problems on my jeep. this fucking sucks all around! i was hoping to have a party in a few weeks, but i don't think i could aford it and stuff.
1	            leigh Highway    Family Farm    5      Confusion Lane    21      Valley of Depression    46      Bankruptcity    156      Childbirth Hospital    211      Please Drive Carefully               Username:      Where are you on the highway of life?   From  Go-Quiz.com  
1	Yesterday, I found a 4-inch long baby bunny in my yard.  I also found dozens of baby praying mantises, about half an inch long, all along the base of the house.  Some were beige and some were green.  I love the way they cock their heads to look at you!  I transplanted a couple of them to my chive patch, which is being demolished by aphids, and to the tomatoes.  Unfortunately, I didn't know that Clark was coming today, so now I have very few left.    Today I discovered a Killdeer "nest" in my yard with 2 eggs in it and a very protective mom, and saw several small lizards in my yard!  (Or else one that really gets around!)  We've always had about 9 adult rabbits who battle for territory in our yard, but I never knew we had such a variety of wildlife!  Who knows what I will find tomorrow?!
0	pleasantville is the best movie ever.  not only because of its direct allisions to God and the garden of eden, not only because of its satire of colored segregation, not only because it inspires so much pathos, but because the movie features take 5 by dave brubeck and so what by miles davis back to back at the rising action of the motion picture.    ... the next 4-5 months is going to suck so much balls ...
1	If we were to meet under the mistletoe, would you kiss me?  - YES - MAYBE - NO WAY  And, how? Long, short, just a peck? Where? Lips? Cheek?  I need more info than the original meme provided. ((grin))  Copy and repost, if you like. Pass on the meme-love.  I love you!! Sera
0	Unhappy.  Was going to go to Ren Faire in Fresno today.  People flaked.  I was even going to call more people and get a big happy group together, but is no.  I miss Faire.
1	Bjartar Vonir R&#230;tast Er Vi&#240; G&#246;ngum B&#230;inn Brosum Og Hl&#230;jum Gla&#240;ir Vin&#225;tta Og &#222;reyta M&#230;tast H&#246;ldum Upp &#193; Daginn
0	Steven just called from Rustica...they decided on one of their other candidates.  Ah, well, I'm disappointed but all is nonetheless well.
0	Seems like everything has turned black again...hate it...seems like I just can't be happy...my family all want me to move out...'cept for my sister...so I don't feel especially relaxed at home...only good thing is that I might move in with Tias...that is when we find a place to live...I'd really like that...he's not here today and I miss him so much!
1	[ Error:  Irreparable invalid markup ('&lt;img [...] like\my&gt;') in entry.  Owner must fix manually.  Raw contents below.]   LOTR goodies for all!  1. &lt;IMG SRC=C:\documents and settings\emily\my documents\my pictures\lj icons and the like\my icons\gothorli.gif&gt;  2. &lt;IMG SRC=C:\documents and settings\emily\my documents\my pictures\lj icons and the like\my icons\creepy1.gif&gt;  3. &lt;IMG SRC=C:\documents and settings\emily\my documents\my pictures\lj icons and the like\my icons\insanity.gif&gt;  4. &lt;IMG SRC=C:\documents and settings\emily\my documents\my pictures\lj icons and the like\my icons\lost.gif&gt;  5. &lt;IMG SRC=C:\documents and settings\emily\my documents\my pictures\lj icons and the like\my icons\my aim.gif&gt;  enjoy! 
1	I have a ladybird clambering about on my windowsill! I name him Dingus.
1	   Livejournalists unite! (I'm with       pengzy   ,       waves01   ,       subzerohell   ,       xianz   ,       zelevol   ) Ken, Yifeng, Kaiwen and Kevin could't make it...   2003 has been great As Daddy says, we should not brood on the past just look forward to the new year with courage and gusto   Happy New Year! 
1	my nephew is so cute! :)   http://pg.photos.yahoo.com/ph/skono/my_ photos 
0	Today I am dirty I want to be pretty Tomorrow, I know I'm just dirt  Today I am dirty I want to be pretty Tomorrow, I know I'm just dirt  We are the nobodies we wanna be somebodies when we're dead, they'll know just who we are  We are the nobodies we wanna be somebodies when we're dead, they'll know just who we are  Yesterday I was dirty wanted to be pretty I know now that I'm forever dirt  Yesterday I was dirty wanted to be pretty I know now that I'm forever dirt  We are the nobodies we wanna be somebodies when we're dead, they'll know just who we are  We are the nobodies we wanna be somebodies when we're dead, they'll know just who we are  Some children died the other day we fed machines and then we prayed puked up and down in morbid faith you should have seen the ratings that day
0	i'm having a bad time. a bad, bad time. -sigh-   life : 2 jillian : 0  i miss my grandma today. i miss her everyday, but today it's a lot more. i wish i could just jump in the car and go see her. but i can't. because she's not there. :( i know next time i go to helena, i'm going to go to the cemetary. i feel the need to talk to her a little bit. i know i can talk to her whenever i want, but being there makes it somewhat closer to being real.   am i simply insane?
1	Guess who got their license!!!!!!!!!!  Next BAD RELIGION CONCERT!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	This is horrible. I just heard that Mitch Hedberg has died. This is un-fucking-believable.
1	Taste of Chaos was more than I would have expected.  I love My Chemical Romance.  Bert and Gerard kissed.  Christine and I made fun fact cards on the way there.  It rained.  I stayed with Mike last night, I think I am falling in love.
1	  we won! afro that is... miss tol us the judges were having a hard time deciing if it was india or africa. i thought our rival was japan. we alo won the best props and costumes! bwahahahaha! all the money i spent was worth it.      oops..      we're not suppose to spend so be quiet okay?      i want to join the marathon at intrams! i want regine to join too... she changed her mind because of *******... at least luleth's joining.      now my only problem is the med certificate.      patty, what do you mean you have a problem with cool dudes? who's that person you're talking about?  
1	today is a beautiful sunny day, still a bit cool but otherwise GORGEOUS. i am drinking iced tea and studying for my "quick and dirty" english exam. that's what my prof called it. that's hot. :)anyhow, yesterday was ass because it was raining and i felt like shit but then ****** came over and we talked and cuddled and he made me feel 1,000,000,000,000,000 times better. he also said he's going to try to come over tonight and stay the night, which will be nice. we haven't shared a bed in a long while. things are good. also, my sister is coming over on monday and we're going to see sarah slean in montreal on tuesday, which is UBER exciting. things are good. :) now back to the poetry cue cards....
0	 My mom thinks I'm on drugs. Ha ha I was laughing so hard when she said she wanted to drug test me    And she was completely serious too 
1	im back on top of things, Im happy and with the love and support of all my friends , Im enjoying my life and not worrying about the silly things. Theres too much to look forward to. Sarah is back on her game!
1	Josh is so sweet.  On friday he took me to Jake's (in downtown Portland) and we ate great food and had great company.  Then yesterday, he came and picked me up and gave me a beautiful bunch of flowers, and pretty ballons.  Then we went to his house and watched Fiddler on The Roof.  He is soo cute.  He makes me smile.
0	     Your Life as a Celebrity by   Karen_Walker        username           reason for being famous      star of a reality show talk show host game show host actor actress pop star rock star rapper model screen writer director producer celebutante heiress fashion designer       plastic surgery you've had done      nose job botox chin implant boob job liposuction eye lift new butt       your tabloid scandal    sex tape      your stalker    pyrotic      your best friend           your nemesis           the tabloids think you're dating           you're really dating           your secret lover           your bitter ex           how long you stay in the spotlight    a whole month               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	Yay!!!  I got a job today!!    Its kinda taking care of this little old lady.  I go from 9am to 12pm and do light housework for her, maybe cook a meal, and run errands for her.  It will either be great or horrible, we will see.  Either way it's A SOURCE OF INCOME!!!  *happy clap*
1	Wow.  I haven't been on this week much at ALL.  I can't wait for the party.  It's tonight.  It's gonna be fuun.  Too bad Drew couldn't come.. he really wants to spend the night at Katie's.  Poor kid &gt;.&lt;  Today in english Mrs. Williamson marked me absent so I had to go down to the office and tell them I was here.  This was fourth period, mind you, which means A lunch is going on which means Drew is out there.  So me and Briana went to the office.  When e were done we found Drewand were like "Hi DREW!!!"  And so we talked and stuff and it was fun.  And if you are wondering, I do NOT like Drew.  I just think he's funny and write about him a lot. ;]  I'm happy.
1	Mammy decided to put a background on my lj while I was asleep and she put one of a hello kitty devil. She said it was perfect for me. How dare she, that is not true! Silly mammy. Humans are so strange. Yesterday I was lying on the big couch bed all day, leaning against the pillow. It was so comfortable. The humans found this hilarious and were laughing at me all day. What's funny about that? They said I think I'm the king of the house.  Think?  Of course I am. Mammy and Aunty Sandra were fussing over me, it was great.  I got up early today and yesterday to see Aunty and Grandad off to work. I was hyper and they found this funny. Last night after they all went to bed I wanted to play. But mammy wouldn't let me out and took my ball off me because it was noisy. Meanie. Tonight we're going to a party in the big house in the country. I love it because there's loads of room for me to run around. I hope you all have a great new year.
1	Ok, so I cheated on the test to get him, but SO WHAT?! *laughs crazily*  He's just so cute  so sharing him with you all :D      The Yaoi Selector: Which Uke are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	  Pix post only! i dont feel like typin nothin lol      i took dis pix 2day           NHS Ceremony (mo of dese will come lata)           Me n Lil Sis&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Me      &nbsp;      Me!           &nbsp;      &nbsp;    &nbsp; 
0	Early yesterday morning I got the bad news that son of another uncle, Johan Langner was killed in a car accident earlier that morning when his car was struck head-on by another car driven by a drunk driver. Both were killed in the impact.  Today the Langners will be stopping here on their way to Stellenbosch for the memorial service. I am feeling very bad, with a hollowness in my stomach and tenseness in my muscles. *sighs* What an awful start to the Easter Weekend.
1	Today is a holiday :). but tomm its internals :(. planning to study for  3 or qts get 15 marks(passing) . just lazzy to study.   also iam sort of happy today again donno why.    hmm well was thinking of joining some trecking club.But let me complete 8th sem. may be rarely i can go to treking ( rock climbing), i dont want to go tooo often in middle of other things.    Tuesday i have demo or presentation at company ... bit nervous.so worked more  this week for that .   again iam feeling happy with hapiness in y heart & eyes. donno why.  have to treat many in batch or group .
1	Let me just say that Film Group was the MOST INCREDIBLE PLACE TO WATCH TEAM AMERICA.  Everyone laughed in the laughable bits.  Everyone also laughed in the bits that weren't even laugh-at-able.  At one point I laughed so much that I cried - and in another bit I laughed much too loud.  BUT SO DID WE ALL!  ...Although I guess that's basically what kind of movie it is.  Anyway, I forgot to mention before -       shanchanuu   ,       moongiechan   , anyone else that may like to see some live shots of  Bright Eyes  (or REM or Little Birdy) you can do so by launching the Flash Gallery from  here !  I think we're getting a new computer tomorrow.  dlkjfdlkjfdljdlkjf!  With a mouse that works, I'll finally be able to draw stick figures again in less than half an hour!
0	   i remember when he used to look at my conversations in that way too...i guess he's moved on.        and its time for me to do the same too.        i need sleep.        &lt;/3   
1	Most difficult question ever... well, second most:   megan rebecca says:  would you rather be a ninja- or a pirate  Ninjaz yo! Or Midget Piratez, yo!  The most difficult question is anime or games.  Anyway.  Watched a Wild-Card subs today! And for those that don't know, it's a fansub by Mikanosuke and Wickio!  http://home.graffiti.net/wild_card:graff iti.net/   And join their forum to support them!:  http://wildcard.exoboards.com/index.php   I'm working hard as an admin ^^; I underestimated how much work goes into it ;__; So no R.O.S.E today nyah! XP   [EDIT]    We all have things about our friends that make us slightly envious. Not in a bad way, but in a "Wow! I wish I had that person's hair, eyes, money, relationship, toe nails, whatever."  So tell me what about me makes you envy me (cheap-ass ego boost/comment whoring, I know), then post this in your LJ and see what makes me envious of you!!!   This is gonna be short...  ~Hime-Chan
1	THERE IS GOING TO BE A NEW HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY MOVIE!!!  It had better be better than the old one.  I'm not sure that it could get worse.  THe guy that played left ear in Italian Job plays Ford Prefect, Sam Rockwell is Zaphoid, and the guy from Willow/10th Kingdom/Prof. Flitwick is Marvin, the manic depressive robot.  I'm excited.  To find more/view teaser trailer go to  http://www.hitchhikermovie.com 
1	for all you LJ kids who don't check my myspace here are "the pictures from campout."                                   &lt;3 you guys!
1	Ok. wow. i can officially say that i had a HORRIBLE spring break. ill i did was babysit, and boy was that fun. (actually i almost killed the girl, she was being SOOO annoying, when u throw like 100 tantrums a day, im sre but your not gonna like me very much after a week. lol.) although i did go to the mall, and i also got my hair done, it looks good i think, but i hope i can get it as straight and nice as the lady in the salon, after i take a shower. i also want to thank everyone who supported me as to wheather to get it done or not, because i am definatly glad i did. anyways, i got 2 new shirts that r cute, but nothing special. sometime this week i am going to post pictures, prob. old 1s but w/e, im just too lazy to do it now. but i am exreamly excited because i am going to miss 3 days of skool this week, amybe only 2. because my cousin is coming in from Maryland and we are going to Jay Leno, Universal, and Disneyland. thatz about it 4 now. i luv u all.
1	 Curse of the WereRabbit! I watched the first when I was so little and I've always wanted more. Watch the  trailer!!!!      -Josh  
0	I'm gonna be 17 tomorrow....another year of the same old shit.  It makes me wonder why I even put up with it.  -Over and fucking out!
0	i feel like a complete failure.  and it sucks.  more later.
1	Y is it I'm working from 9am - 6pm xmas eve then bein forced to go straight from work to 6pm mass which I'll miss the beginning of anyway...!!!...???...!!! And you guys wonder y I'm confused!!!!  Miss you Gayle  Caz x
1	Okay, So yesterday was christmas! Slept till 9am, got up with family... opened stockings... then opened presents... then helped prepare for family coming over... cousins n aunt came over... played cards as usual.. ate lots.. drank lots... just a nice time spending it with family....  got all sleepy :P.. he he he... and for chrismas i got a nice black shirt, a blue hoody, a blue robe :D (i love my new snuggly robe), a belt :D and a digital camera :D:D:D *does a lil dance*... soo im all excited now.. and happy... and in my stocking i got the usual.. socks... candy.. more candy :P.. hair gel.. the usual :).. and then today i discovered how to put pics on to lj and did it successfully.. so im happy :D  ~Dave
0	good night's sleep jobs money to make ends meet money for the car repair bill stability relationship needs being met church home spiritual growth and fulfillment
1	  hey hey  my luvy duvys first of all i wanna say  HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY ONE AND ONLY PAULY!!!!!!!!  haha im so happy me and him are friends....and yea last night wa so fun.  P  epe kris leeann and kaylee  came over and my nana made us tacos and  we watched movies . lol yea it was kool. it was only supposed to be leeann coming over but then ppl wanted to come so yea. i didnt  invite everyone  cuz it would have too much for my nana.yup yup so next time. &nbsp;oh and all you ppl add  mine and melissas lj         how_2b_gangsta   &nbsp;  lolz it needs to be fixed up but hey just read.a bunch of  you guys could use it ...hee hee  byerz!!!!!!!!  
1	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE... EEEE EEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEE!  We are officially doing Xombie!  It's ours!  I gotta start designing zombies and monsters and things!  EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!  Courageous Critters is a go!  We're doing a 2 part DVD!  EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!  Bought celebratory ice cream tonight!   EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!    -This entry was brought to you today by the letter E.
1	    Tvshowsondvd.com says it's coming out on May 17th. I'm so getting it when it comes out. XD
0	heeyyy. yay ! tommorrow is friday and skate night then nataliesss skate night is the only thing i look forwqard to in the week even tho its kinda boring i get to ssee my natalie and amber and john and evan and robert and everyoneeeee ha..well im moving next saturday :( im moving to this level creek neighborhood behind north. im still goin to lanier but im gonna miss the bus and natalie :( i cant just skate up to her house anymore its very very sad :( well im leaving im sad. goodbye.
1	Only having to work half a day on fridays rocks my socks....hard.   Not quite sure what is going on for the weekend, but something big is definitely going down though. =)  Check out these old advertisements I found haha...          
1	dianna is smart, funny, incredibly cute...she's great  comedy central is wonderful  things like this make it all worth while, i think  we'll see where this goes
0	I'm transferring to the University of Idaho this fall.  I go back to SHU tomorrow.  In about 5 hours, actually.  I don't wanna...
0	Rodney Dangerfield died today.  I've always been a big fan.  Caddyshack, The Ladybugs, Back to School?!?  I mean come on.  The man is a genius.  He thought he got no respect.  Well...Mr. Dangerfield, you have my respect.
1	SO my new years ever was spent sleeping....at 9:30....chris fell asleep so early then i got bored and fell asleep to...he needs another job because hes always tooooo tired to do anything and im starting to get sick of it...hes either sick or tired either way it gets on my nerves....i felt bad at first but now its really getting old......i just wanna go and do things sometimes and he never wants to do anything.....   Anyway happy new year to all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
1	This is my last post before Cali. During the next week (little less) I will have the mobile, so will be able to get phone calls and also check my e-mail because my phone is all cool like that ;)  Wish us a happy journey!
1	So, it's now tuesday... since saturday afternoon, I've slept about half of the total number of hours between then and now.  Guess I'm finally making up for 25 weekends of busy-ness.   The upshot of the whole cast meeting last night was, at least I got to party with cast and drink and smoke and remember why I love those fuckers.  I gotta start getting out there more, and hanging with cast.  Also gotta get out and hang with the Jazz and Java gang, of course.   So much to do, and really, plenty of time to do it in.
1	People just go to my myspace now. I don't know why I even bother with this livejournal. If you want my myspace address, look me up under summerwind88@msn.com BTW THERE ARE CREEPS ON MYSPACE.
1	Yes I  will  be at Za this Thursday!!!  I'm coming all the way from Pennsylvania for the Blessed Round, so you better get off your butts and come too! :P  Who will I get to meet there?
1	here's a really short update.  dessa and i got back together yesterday. YAY! *this.is.me.being.really.happy* i think that this time around will go a lot better, because now i know what i'm doing.  alyssa and i decorated dessa's room today. we were really sneaky. it was funny. props to kyle h. for his help.  rts was fun tonight. aaron and gary and i had more "man talk."  sectionals tomorrow! we're gonna win. woooooooo.  (i hope.)  senior project potfolio is calling. i bid you all farewell and goodnight.
1	Im going to Philadelphia. Heck yes. To see my woman.
1	So nice to talk to old friends again. &lt;3 them all.
0	hey to all, I know its been awhile, but I have the urge to write this morning.  I know I have seemed down lately, and I want to thank everyone for their concern.  I just have a lot of things to think about and work out in my head at the moment.  And I am so sorry if I seem like I am pushing you away, but at the moment I just need some space.  If you absolutely need to know more, email me directly.  Thanks.
1	My birthday is coming up and I'm planning my cake. Previous years I've gone to a local bakery and brought a cake with a picture iced onto it. The last two years the pictures used where of Willow (alyson Hannigan) and Tara (amber Benson). This year I'm torn between a picture of both Willow and Tara from Restless, or a Faith pic (Eliza Dusku). So I'm taking a vote. Which do you think I should use? :) Whichever I choose the cake will be available to eat on Wednesday 27th april at SF, and Friday 29th - at whatever party I throw.  Also on Friday 29th, I'm planning to go out and celebrate. There (hopefully) will be a Hitchhikers outing in the early evening and I'm planning to follow this with a trip to Glamarama at the Empire. Who is interested in coming?
0	well steph got home late and her parents arent home so that fucked that idea. im bored so im writing in here again. me and chris are singing piano by glassjaw. i got sad over the past however many hours. i got exams tomorrow and im probably going to fail them but i dont really care. oh well only 2 and a half more days of school left thank god. but yeah im going to go be sad and sing with chris bye
0	My mum received a call this morning about my cousin Xanthe in London.  About two weeks ago she had a baby boy, born a bit early.  He had RDS (Respiratory Distress Syndrome), which is rather common in my family, I was born with it as well.  But he also had a weak heart.  The combination made his survival nearly impossible.  He passed away a few days ago.  His name was Benjamin.
0	Just when things started getting good.  Everything started to suck a lot more than usual....Oh well, I guess there's always tommorow but I dout things will be any better.
0	AP is not working for me. As a result, I am deeply wounded in my heart.
0	I thought i was doing so well, and i really was, but once i start toget over everything something 500million times bigger has to bring all back up again.   in a way i feel like it is my fault....i guess  i start work today from about 10 to 2 at the pharmacy and then i have an interview at another place afterwards, so i can have two jobs. at least maybe then i will have some money.  oh that reminds me i have to call the animal shelter ill write more later
1	Well before heading to work this morning I found a note in our mailbox, saying that there was a box awaiting me at the post office. On ym way to work I looked by... and they handed me this huge box. O..o I looked at the adresser... and still had no clue what was inside. &lt;..&lt; Although I knew who sent it to me now (thanks to a small pic on the adress sticker ;P ) During lunch break I finally found some time to open the box... and what did I find?                Thank you soooooooo much L.! ^^ This really made my day... and it was so unexpected! :D *huggles tightly*  Isn't this the cutest plushie you've ever seen? ^^ I have to admit I didn't own a plushie in ages... simply got used to have Tano around for cuddling. :) Never to late to start again I guess. ^^ But I need a name for him... any suggestions? I already have a few ideas... just want to take some time to think about it carefully... ^^
0	my grandpa died this morning and my parents won't let me go to the funeral because of school so i'm really sad...
1	I have not updated my journal in awhile. Nothing new really happened expect for my friends friend wanted to ask me out. You know who someone is not your type and you don't like them more than just a friend? well thats how it is!!!! He just doesn't get it that i don't like him like that!!! So finally he asked me if i wanted to go somewhere with him and i said that i had to ask my mom and i said i would give him a call back. So i call him back and no one answers his cell so it made it easier on me and saying i think we should be friends. So know he doesn't ever bother with me or talk to me!!! which it is fine with me!!!
1	Howdy everyone. I am getting ready to go to texas and i will miss everyone. Dont do anything stupid without me please.Alex please write down the homework assignments in mr olsons class. i wasnt able to come by. and u can text me the assignments.well i will post if i can in texas if not i will post on weds. have fun with out me!!
1	So Friday we had a race, and it was 4k, okayish conditions...and it took me 46 minutes. (this is xc-skiing, btw :) ) And today we skied basically the same course, maybe a little less, and it only took me 37.48 minutes! *squeal* I'm so excited!!! Of course, the season ends next Tuesday :( Any suggestions of what sports to do to keep in shape? (I'm not much of a runner...)
0	monday...just sucked.  for work i got to talk to more than one thousand assholes, (no...i'm serious, i literally spoke, briefly, to thousands of people, not all of whom were terribly nice) got sunburned, then went to j&h's that evening.  club sucked. it was a tomb, virtually no one i knew for that matter, no one really talked to me, i had to  walk home from downtown to clifton.   the walk home was probably the  highlight of the whole day. it took me a little less than an hour to walk  home.    i guess i was hoping for a better day.  anyway, would anyone like to do coffee sometime this week? perhaps even  tonight?
0	My Great Aunt Clista died last night at 11:30. I just heard it this morning when Momert called. We'll be going to the funeral home tonight. I can't help but wonder if they will try to bring my great-grandmother. She is almost 95 and has outlived six of her children. She has alzheimers. I'm not sure she could deal with it if she did not have it. Clista's death scares me. Not because she died. We all do that. But what she did from. Final stages of breast cancer. So, please, if you are girl, watch out for yourself. Keep a check on those things. My Great Aunt was only 52. Well, I need to go find some clothes to wear.
1	Well, well, well.  I, for one, think it's wonderful to be back in this marvelous institution and look around at all of your smiling faces once more.  It was starting to get to a point where I actually  wanted  to attend classes again, if you can imagine that.  There's only so many times you can go swimming or surfing before you get seriously bored.  It's safe to say that I am perfectly happy at this point in time.  Everyone should congratulate Goldstein and Granger on their newly earned titles.  I wonder if it's a coincidence that their last names are a perfect example of alliteration?  Something to investigate.      Have I ever told you that you look absolutely stunning in your uniform?  Just thought I'd mention.        Um, hi.  Don't know if you ever keep up with these anymore, but I thought I'd give it a shot.  So, hi.  
1	Because I haven't posted a quiz result in awhile and saw this on       wistfuldreams    journal.          Rosalie Lamorlière            You're Rosalie Lamorlière. Despite your poverty-stricken upbringing and tragic family situation, you remain as sweet as a pink fluffy bunny throughout, although you also display a surprising strength of character. You also suffer terrible unrequited love for Oscar, and become a loyal friend and attendant to Antoinette in her final days.    You are one of the few characters to survive the series, and seem fairly happily married to Bernard Chatelet, despite the fact that all available evidence seems to point to you preferring the company of the fairer sex.   Which Rose of Versailles character are you?      a real update later today after I tackle some sewing *^^*
1	"I never would have dreamed that yellow is so...so yellow. I don't have the words, I'm amazed by yellow. But red is my favorite color. I just can't believe red. I can't wait to get up each day to see what I can see. And at night I look at the stars in the sky and the flashing lights. You could never know how wonderful everything is. I saw some bees the other day, and they were magnificent. I saw a truck drive by in the rain and throw a spray in the air. It was marvelous. And did I mention, I saw a falling leaf just drifting through the air?"   -bob edens, who, at the age of 51, had his sight restored after being blind since birth.
1	i just have to say that i'm really hoping that the new 'starsky and hutch' movie is good. i don't sit around watching the reruns and i'm not going to buy them on dvd, but it does bring back fond memories of one summer ages ago. i must have been about 8-9 and every wednesday i'd stay over at my friend pam's house just so that i could watch 'starsky and hutch.' because of course my parents wouldn't let me stay up and watch it.   later, pam and i had a falling out and weren't friends anymore. but it was fun while it lasted. and i got to see 'starsky & hutch.'
0	It seems that Troika, the development studio behind games like "Arcanum" or "Vampire: Bloodlines"  is going out of business. So I suppose this is the end of true roleplaying computer games (as opposed to "Diablo" and other kill-endless-armies-of-monsters games).   Well at least until Mr_Wombat or my brother decide to take upon the task of programming the greatest rpg ever ;)...
0	if anyone has anyone has any cool shit to say right now they should totally post it...because i cant think of anything and im sure something like that would spark my brain a little.  ive been drinking too much coffee and not enough alcohol.
0	  random update...  i'm so mad at natsuki takaya right now. omfg i'm so depressed. waaaahhhhhhhh  who's natsuki? authors of Fruits Basket. I used to think she was a genius, but now.... right now I think she's just STUPID. I swear if I was her editor, I would kill just for thinking of such ideas, let alone actually PUBLISHING them. ahhhhhh  tohru and yuki was so much better. kyou can just die.  
1	so last night was awesome!!! for 2 reasons: reason #1, i looooooooooove dance! we got our costumes yesterday! they are so cute! i love them they look so awesome! also our dances are coming along so well! fun stuff!!! ok reason #2 has 2 parts to it part 1 is that i got chinese yesterday. i loooove chinese! and part #2 is that my fortune cookie said love is in your future. how awesome is that! tehehe!  anyways... today was good to! this morning we all went out to breakfast, for kates birthday. by the way happy birthday katenz! i love u!!! i love all u guys! ur the best! i dont know what i would do without u! o also i finally gave lizzie her birthday card so happy late birthday lizzie! so ya... we all ate at Hercules then we went to Tim Hortons where i got an awesome iced cappaccino. they are soooo good! and then school... fun stuff.... then Play Practice! i love play practice!!! wow i'm soooo happy right now! yay for being happy! anyways i love u all! 
0	 well, sometimes you feel you have to write about stuff that sucks.  This is the second time in 5 months that I've been eulogizing a friend in my journal.   I got a call this evening from Kevin.  He was calling to let me know that our mutual friend, Delena, had not made it.  She is the common law wife of Steve, who is a friend from darts, and a perrineal coort in new orleans. D had even gone with us a time or two.  She had been ill for a couple of weeks. Thought it was just the flu.  she finally went to the doctor last wednesday, he gave her perscription for an antiboitic, and sent her on her way.  she had a set back friday, went into the hospital and was admitted.  Saturday she had some surgery due to an internal infection that was causing organ failures.   this evening she coded during dialysis, and could not be revived. D was in her mid 40s.     Goodbye Delena. I'll miss you. 
1	so erin and i took her roomie shanae to her first ever hockey game yesterday!!!! it was SO much fun again!! we got to see ANOTHER SHOOT OUT!!! but this time the griffins won!!!!!!! wooowhoooo! and now i officially LOVE tomas kopecky!! he was a spit fire last night! he was something to watch! he layed a HUGE center ice hit on some poor sap! and then he was chirping at a player on the other team (and was on the big screen while doing this) and then he did that under the chin thingy that means f u and i was like DID HE REALLY JUST DO THAT??? i will forever love tomas kopecky even if he is 23 years old and married with child!!!!
0	 I'm still running away. I won't play your hide and seek game. I was spinning free with a little sweet and simple numbing me. What a dizzy dance. This sweetness will not be concerned with me. No the sweetness will not be concerned with me. 
1	Im on my luch break now whooo hoo! lol well Im not doing n e thing.. I think i might walk to the service station hmmm thats an idea! lol I dfeel like eating a sovlaki!  arrr  why do they give me so much work?? and why is everyone who works here lok like they've just wakled out of 'Kath and KIm" ??? grr  ttyl! luv y'alloxox erk*
0	Shit, shit, shit. I just wrote a really long entry then pressed the Back button.  I am officially stupid.  - b.k. x  
1	I visited Keene State College today. The campus was very pretty. All the buildings were fairly new and the town seemed like it had some fun things to do. But the people there did not seem as friendly as they were at Plymouth state. Everyone said hi there and i felt comfortable on campus. At Keene i felt akward and like eveyone was judging me. So, it's down to Plymouth and Salem because I'm not going to MCLA. It's to far away and its sooo small. Oh well, I guess I'll know where I'm going by friday night.
1	Since I am the only one with an "eljay" that hasn't written part of an entry about how FREAKING EXCITED they are about this weekend, I have decided to deidcate a WHOLE FREAKING ENTRY to it.  It may be short, but what's wrong with that, and FREAKING SWEET?  Anywho, I'm so FREAKING EXCITED, we are going to be FREAKING WILD WOMEN (and Ben), and we are going to have so much fun I can just feel it, it's running in my blood.  I get to hang out all weekend with some of my most favoritest people who consist of Amanda, Megan, Allie, Cristin and of course Ben.  Wow, this is so great, im beyond excited, I'm FREAKING EXCITED and where is a better place than Iowa? I don't know either.  So that was my FREAKING AWESOME ENTRY about HOW FREAKING EXCITED I AM about this FREAKING WEEKEND.
1	I am AMAZED at how beautiful the airport at Madras is.
1	Check out what happened to me and Sid at DAVE the other night: OMG what an experience, she'd made a sign that said One Sweet Dave.      While we were at our seats before the show this guy came up to her and asked what her sign said, she showed him, and I swear not for more than  5 seconds, her name was printed way down at the bottom of the sign, you could barely see it.  They guy came back about 10 minutes later and gave her a signed picture of the boys, and DAVE signature was One Sweet Sidney.       We were hyper as it was, this made us even more excited. DMB put on an amazing show, it couldn’t have been better...but it was... During the break before the encore we ended up being front  center, the guy that gave her the picture came searching for her, found us, and gave her one of Carter's drum sticks      and said to her that the boys were leaving and they he didn't have time to bring her back stage...but next time.... Is that cool for a first DMB show or what?????
0	Hey. i hate my life. Yah, so whats new? I want to talk to mike. its been a week. everyone is like "Yah you should definately call him!" and if he wanted to talk he would call me. maybe im being stupid and naive but i dont care. it makes sense to me. if he wanted to talk he would call me. no one can explain that one to me. I just dont understand how you can be in a relationship and not talk to that person. I know that its like half my fault but i dont even care. I like him to much, and i definately feel like the only reason he asked out was because he felt pressured. UGHHHH! i hate this i hate this i hate this. no that im done b*tching. bye.
0	So, I guess I'm headed back to Ohio. The job I thought I had nailed let me go after two days, for no apparent reason. Maybe he didn't like my hair or something.  I've kinda come to terms with it all (i.e. I've stopped crying my face off). My roomie/boyfriend has been trying to convince me to find another way to stay, but if I try that and just end up having to go home anyway, it's gonna break my heart even more.  Something's just saying "You belong in Ohio, fool." I guess I'll finally listen. I'll definitely come back...
1	Just got back in from Dallas.Had an incredible time.Got lots of storys to tell of rednecks rejects and all sorts of brew-haha.And man did i ever meet the most Beautiful guy ive seeen........wow in a LONG LOnG time anyways im an exhausted I will fill ya in tommorow
0	Guess what I just realized?  Computer usage is the  only  leverage my parents have over me.  AND its been taken away so much lately, it hardly has any affect anymore.  Yesterday, in fact, I got it taken away for me for one, count it one, week.  The funny thing is, I can use the computers at school for internet.  In fact, the very joke is on them.  Even if I can't use it.. like I care anymore.  As long as I realize that they don't pay enough attention to me to realize computer isn't my life.  Besides, at the moment I have better things to do anyway.  It all evolved from me yelling at my mom to come over to me, because I was in a "can't-move-right-now" situation.  I tried asking her but she was too lazy.  Grr.  Its annoying how the people who control the world right now are so dumb.
0	from five cats to two in just one night. it just tugs at the strings to my heart. I miss those little guys already.
1	  I got a pay raise! I passed my 6-month increment date, and voila, salary+=$100/mo  Less than $50/paycheck after taxes, but that's still a little more than four tanks of gas per month!  [does the happy-panda boogie]  
1	I'm back in Potsdam...yay :)I don't wanna go to class at 8 a.m monday though, blah. Yeah that's about it. Maybe I'll update more while I'm at school...idk though! I'm just happy to be back!!
1	SPRING BREAK!!!  YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTEST FRIEND RACHEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE HER SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i hate weaving!!!   today- me steph g and alyssa decorated rachels locker!! i hope she liked it cause i really care about her!!! i have homework in language arts!!! a dumb storyboard!!! i also have soccer  GO STEPH G!!!! BAY AREA BURN KICK BUTT!!!!!!! I WANNA HAT TRICK GARLAND!!!!!!!  HAPPY EASTER!!  luv, tiff  p.s.- comment if u luv me
1	Hi there, first match over, I lost to Jeff Morrison 2-6 4-6. The reason is the lack of matches and the practical things that go with it. Will get better. :-) I'm not really exhausted, my power is back, only the feeling has to come back again completely.  But it was fantastic to play again, although I served NINE double faults, blame the break for that. But I don't care it was a huge step into the right direction.  Will go back to Vienna soon, Greetz from Miami, Stef :-)
0	 To All Concerned:    &nbsp;    my grandmother Gnu passed away on saturday, april 17th at 11:40pm. She had been in a lot of pain and suffering for the past year or so but especially the past few months, so in a way, it was a blessing. She is no longer in the large amount of pain she was in before. Just wanted to post this so that people who noticed im not really myself...well thats why. im very busy because im helping my mother and susan and ardon plan the funeral, the limos, the flowers, the reception, and im also helping her man the phone (which NEVER stops ringing lol) and door and visitors and a lot of relatives i didnt even know i had... who keep showing up...so yeh....    &nbsp;    Love you all    -dar- 
1	There's only 2 more weeks that I have to ref IM mini soccer!!!!!
1	Waddup gangstas, guess what 2day and this week was so shit like freeken usual i dont really like school weekends are BEST! i went to tha city 2nite n i bought me a tight jacket yia! luv it. liv da high life. yea im gonna get me a new fone as soon a soon i can hehe cant wait. 2moro i gotta work then i dont no wat im doin at nite light fit kite site mite hite tite wite bite lite. (night time) im watchin how high at the moment and im feelin a little gangsta a little bling yea neways im gonna go and watch da rest of da movie. i want to re decorate my bedroom. yes now i will say buhbye. buhbye (did i mention there is a massive spider on the wall and im scared its hairy)
1	My life is actually so fabulous that I can't believe it.  I love my life! Okay, there are some issues to deal with, like our roof.  But I have family, a place to live, proofreading experience. . .I just love my life.
0	...and it pains me to say it, but I'm not feelin' as good as I thought I was. Maybe my good feelings were only because of endorphines and weariness...whatever. I really need to work out my issues...
1	i'm an aunty x2!!  amorette marie, born 2:57am today, 7lbs9oz     big picture, but i'm a proud aunty, so i don't care.  cutest baby ever! i swear!  if anyone wants to see more pictures let me know and i'll hook you up.  yay for babies!
0	I made a big mistake by having Taco Bell for dinner last night...Digestive system does not like all that grease and fat.  Besides, my stomach hasn't been feeling too chipper the past several days, problems with acid reflux.  I'm feeling a bit depressed right now.  Roman is neglecting me to play X Box (which isn't unusual), and he's been complaining at me all night.  He has a cold, so he's grumpy, therefore, he's being a pill. He was giving me crap because I told him I was going to use the money I got, from selling some of my clothes today, to buy new ones at work.  The reason I sold them in the first place was so I could purchase new ones, since we are required to wear our store's clothing to work.  I don't exactly want to continue wearing Winter's fashions through the Spring, I'll get a little too hot.  Now he's nagging about me getting to bed because I work in the morning (like he should talk, Mr. go-to-bed-at-3, when he has to be up at 8).  Well, yeah, I need to get to bed. =)
0	One word to describe weekend: Guh.   I found out that my brother (Diggy) is coming home on Tuesday. I have mixed feelings about this. Yeah I miss him and all, but I don't miss the constant fighting. The house seemed so much at ease when he was gone. Poo.  I really don't have anything of any importance to say. I never do.  xox. tell me what you want.
1	My darling CJ makes my world go round lately. I have met VERY few other people in this world with as much goodness as he. yes, goodness, for lack of a better word. He's just someone with a giant heart. And i dont know what i ever did that i get to have someone like that at my feet. but i have him and i am so happy.  i dont know how, even though i dont live at home, i still get in trouble. pardon my french but how the hell does that work??  "Unforgettable, thats what you are..... thats why darling its incredible, that someone so unforgettable thinks that i am unforgettable too." -nat king cole
0	i have a lot of things to sort out right now, one of them is the problem with my girlfriend. i got some life altering information, it hurt like hell. everythings not yet 100% ok with us... let's see... only time can tell now.  i'll place something soon, but not right now...  just when you think you know a person, BAM! shit happens.
0	Just saying merry Christmas to you all, and I hope you're having a better time than I am. My life is at an ultimate low. I have a possibly dead boyfriend (No, I'm NOT a necrophiliac) and a family who is kicking me out in a few months, yet will not let me leave beforehand.    *edits* Ok. Right. Yes. I'm not going to be using this LJ anymore on account of... a lot. Ok. Right. REmember Noodle? Yeah. Uhm. I'm not sure he's alive. And.. yeah. So. I am not in a good state.   Secondly, whoever has been putting entries in here .. I hate you, you sick fuck.   Remember when thathappened in my Xanga? Hahaha. And everyone found out about my past. Hilarious.   I'm unable to change my password (I'm at school.. Cache somethingorother) and stuff. So.. I'm just going to delete all entries but this.   Uhm. Yes. Let me know how you're doing.  Take care.  Cera/Kintoki.
0	Ludacris-11Days Prom-12Days KimbersBirthday-5Days This weekend is gunna be fun... i get to hang out with my girls!
1	The past few days... I really can't put into words.  Instead of just calling me, Luk showed up here. Yeah, surprised is an undestatement.  We talked and it's good; we're playing it by ear for now.
0	well here i am again after a long ass time like always well now i have a boyfriend now which he is real sweet but he won't answer his phone and i need someone to talk to :( I feel so awful like everything is shit and i am nothign in this world full of amazing people so I was hoping i could talk to him and he would comfort me but he wouldn't answer his phone so I hurt myself that is what i was trying to avoid but no one was here to talk to so i did it well i have no idea what to write in these things anymore so bye
0	My life is a constant source of disapointment, fustration and melancholy.   I am not suited to living life as we know it.   Before my life is over, I'm almost positive I will have the following: Ulcer, heart attack and a nervous breakdown.
1	well, the big day is here, tomorrow morning I am moving up to athens, ga. yep, leaving this pissy little town behind, hell yeah! I am really excited- I will still have the same cell number if anyone needs to reach me. If anyone wants to come visit or come party just gimme a call! Lata
1	A VERY happy birthday to Mandy :)...hehe you're up a year on me again
0	Hey Mister. If you want it, take it all. I'm tired too.
1	So, Friday was the last day of classes. I'm so glad there are no more assignments. I have to write two finals next week. Then I'm leaving Thursday and staying until Monday. Obviously there's going to be some Kamikaze Driver practice sessions. People can stay at my house for the practice. Then on Saturday we're going to The Sad Cafe to see The Jon Frederik Band. I can't wait for this. It's going to be a lot of fun.  Last night I celebrated the last day of classes with beer and pot. It was a fun evening. There was lots of craziness. Then I remember coming back really late and talking to someone on AIM and then going to bed.  Today I did nothing. Tomorrow lots of studying is going down.
1	I have launched the beta phase of my personal website.  This is a redesigned version of my last website, which was taken down last September due to me applying for the military (for counter intel.)  Needless to say I got disqualified for asthma and I have yet to go take the test you need to in order to get a waver.  I think I've decided to hold off and wait until school is done and see what I want to do from there.  Anyway, the website address is  http://www.angeltowns2.com/members/rauk omehtar/  .  Feel free to leave me any thoughts, and make sure you let me know if it does anything weird or there are any mistakes, I would love to correct them.  Also, not all of it is available yet, over the next several weeks I will be bringing the links online which currently are not.  If you have any suggestions about what you would like to see on it, feel free to leave me that feedback.  In my livejournal is fine, I don't have the guestbook set up yet :)  Thanks!
1	It's "the pdf for your new book has arrived" time, the "this is the version that pull-quote providers and review outlets and distributor's sales reps will see" time.   Whee!
0	  Happy  belated  New Year      new years was alright. nothing special. still fun. i decided on my resolution i'm going to do more community service. i have so much and give almost nothing. and even though the lower class  is  a burden to society. they're still people, and they need help, which i can give.  in general i need to make myself into a better person.  get my priorities straight etc.  i hope everyone's break was good.  who wants to do voulenteer work with me? 
0	RIP Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, Doctor of Journalism. When even the good Doctor can't take it anymore, that is saying something.
1	YIPPEEEE! Mommays pakink an an weer komink wik Mommay to BONNY ALBYON! Hee! *wiggles bum*  Mommay sez am SPESYAL guest at sumfink kalled Ridempshun. Hee.   *grooms head, straightens scarf*  Wil show EVERYUN my SPESYAL DANSE!  *hums happily and practices his moley tap-dancing*  Hee no Smelykat fur WEEK! JOY!
0	my friend Ron sent me this tonight  absolutely  insane...     http://homepage.mac.com/demark/tsun ami/1.html 
1	I am leaving for Jasper.  In under four minutes.  Have a SUPER GREAT WEEKEND, everyone! :-D
0	I just got off the phone with my girlfriend back in NC. She decided she met someone else and since I wasn't there to make her see otherwise she broke it off with me. I'm really feeling shitty because I loved her. We've gone out since December of '02. I'm really going to miss her. Leave comments to make me feel better please:(
1	Take that statement I made the other day and multiply it by 1000!
1	Hey everyone today was a pretty good day i mean it was very different this time. See my Great Aunt who is the one who always has thanksgiving at her house got in a bad car wreck. I really feel so bad for her she has parkinsons and then she got breast cancer and then a car wreck and now another one. I really wish that god would just pick some one eles but yea he ha keep her alive and what does not kill you makes your stronger. Well so she is in the hospital so we had thanksgiving dinner at my Aunt Dianne's it was nice but i can't wait till my Aunt Zelma gets better bc the we will have he real thanksgiving dinner but in a different month. I keep her in my prays hope you will too. How you all had Happy Turkey days!!!   Love Kristy
0	 May his soul rest in eternal peace with the Lord. 
1	dit is Marli se verjaarsdag vandag , ah well, hoop sy het `n gelukkige dag!  Happy Birthday!
0	Well Chris is gone from Culligan. He quit today. He was actually the only one that I really ever talked to so I'm losing a buddy. The new guy starts on Thursday. So it looks like I'm still stuck with all guys. SUCKS!!Hopefully I will get out of there soon and go over to Target at the mall.
0	  HAPPY BIRTHDAY AMELIA!!!  o tay well anywayz today was okay. i really don't feel all that great but my mom came home from the final four today &amp; then i went 2 ACE for open gym &amp; it kicked my ass &amp; on the way home i started cryin cuz i'm so stressed! well i just want it to be thursday. well i'm bout to pass out. love ya kids. tootlez!   
1	Spent a week doing not much of anything. Monday I took a quickie road trip to Austin and San Antonio. Frittered away Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday copying files to DVD. I edited out commercials from the five  Green Screen  that aired, as well as  Invasion Iowa , and recorded the first two episodes of the new  Doctor Who .   Today I went to the beach and was lazy. Instead of going to over-developed, over-touristy Galveston, I headed down highway 288 to 332 to  Surfside Beach , south of Lake Jackson. When I arrived, I counted six cars on the beach as far as I could see. Occasionally a car with a blasting stereo would pass by on the beach, but otherwise it was quite calm, a needed break.  Improvaoke tonight, and back to work on Monday.
0	I hate Lost. Damn show had to get me hooked on it and then do what they did tonight.  The baby is cute tho.
0	since nikki and I broke up... also 4 years celibate.  Neither are particularly good celebrations.  Glad it'll be tomorrow shortly.
1	today was very cool. hung out at my house watched tv. was very happy. was very awesome day...hope to do it again.
0	the moonlight rains down upon the room in which i lay....radiant as i can remember....   ...
0	i took tons of quizzes and all the results are like HAte depressed all that shit u know...........o well i am upset right nwo i cant even be happy even thought i try at times but maybe this weeks not the besst week of my life....................... ;_;
0	haven't updated in quiet some time...it's alright though nothing really much has happened....i started the new store, i like the store it's nice but it's not comfy like 41 was. i miss everyone that works at 41 alot...i just feel so lost and alone at the new store i don't know why??....i guess it's not the same without everyone...they know who they are. the managers at the new store are awsome...i don't know i'm just really sad being there. =(
1	I had a great weekend (except for when MN beat us in hockey on Saturday night).   Too bad it's back to the real world now.
1	This is one great news in the longest time: I  PASSED  the entrance exam in Graduate School!
0	Hey peeps not much really to write about,  Just wanted to let everyone know thats doesnt me and Ella have broken up although I'm sure you all knew that. I just thought that I hadn't mentioned that on here yet.  Also on a completely side note Ninja Scroll TV Series is cool if a little short.  Went out Friday got drunk went back had a little smokage with a football friend and had yummy pizza mmmmmmmmmmm, although next day bad our team got thumped 9-3 but it was the top team in our league, and i was left back, although I played ok.  I went to a wedding recpetion on Saturday and was absolutely wankered as it was a free bar! Had lots of fun and met a couple of nice girls although of course nothing happened.  XX
1	U. of Wash / Evans School has also accepted me, dunno yet if they have any financials for me, tho.  Woot.
0	I don't know what to do... sometimes... I feel normal, but then I think of Barts and.... *bleh*.  Lady Estella says it's a form of depression, but what is there to be depressed about?  I'm so confused.... And then when Barts started fighting with master Hortez... Miss Tengaar told me I should go defend   my boyfriend   Barts, but Master Hortez is   somewhat   innocent... and a knight cannot prey upon the innocent.... what should I do?! *Is confused* I'm at such a loss.... Barts said he needed to talk to me... so uhm, maybe I should go see him, I think he's by his garden... Sir Geddoe says I should just tell him I love him.  ...  Oh... My... Heaven...  I... love Barts.... *faint*  (OOC: Oh dear...)
0	the on time i seem to update is when i feel like absolute shit. when i get so depressed, that i spend the majority of my week crying myself to sleep.  and there's no one to see you, talk to you, ask if you're ok, or even wonder so.  I dont know what is wrong with me. but i hate the way i am, and who i am. people say nice things to me, about me, but i'm never going to believe them.
1	[sings]  We got our tick-ets We're goin' cruis-ing.......  *wanders off to re-read the entire package for the 3rd time
0	 What's the thing you most regret losing?   It all comes down to people.  When I was 10 years old, I lost my father to the bullets of criminals.  I found him, battered and dead, in the alley behind the gym.  I couldn't see his face, but I know there wasn't much there to see.  Trust me when I say that you don't ever want to be the kind of alone you are when someone murders your father at the age of ten.  I'd give my life to have him back.  To feel him hug me again, and tell me, just one time, that I made him proud or that I made him happy.   Matt Murdock,  Daredevil  106 words 
1	Happy birthday to you!!! Happy Birthday to you!!! Happy Bithday Dear Angie!!!! Happy Birthday to you =D    Paul and Morgan say:                                               HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANGIE                                         
1	November is going to be musical..  Nov 4th - Me and my friends are going to watch Coheed & Cambria perform at Hollywood Paladium along with Underoath. We are going sing all of Coheed's songs with a high pitch voice, esp A Favor House Atlantic, and scream all of Underoath's songs   Nov 23rd - Me and my sister are going to go watch Green Day perform at Long Beach with New Found Glory and Sugarcult. I haven't hung out with my sister in a long time since she moved to Irvine. It should be fun times.
1	Four years from now you'll see me rocking it out at an Inaugration Ball when a Democrat wins. ;) I can't even imagine where I'll be four years from now... I will be out of school, starting a career, a life. What does God have in store for me?  Whenever I think that my life is stable, he throws a curveball. I am excited to see what will happen next.  Who are the people that I am going to meet that will change my life?  What adventures can I expect for the people I already love?  Just thinking about it ohsoexciting!!
0	Fuck this fucking day. I deserve to rot in hell. I hate my self. I am so low at the moment.
0	R.I.P Cuddles...  You were a silly ball of fur at times, with about 4 brain cells.  You were often positioned exactly where I needed to step...and you were about the least cuddly cat around!  ...but you were darn cute. And i'm going to miss you.
1	The Lappy 486.  The lappy weighs in at an extremely portable 42 pounds and has an impressive battery life of 1/2 of 10 minutes.  Seriously, though, I did get a new laptop.  A 12" Powerbook!  HUZZAH!  Found me a Muck program, thanks to Higgins, and a multi-session IM program thanks to, uh, someone else...  :)  Somebody pointed me at the LaunchBar utility, but I can't see a reason to have that at this point.
1	I run from noise, To your voice.  Because I've found that Faith Delivers.  That faith delivers.
1	 So...according to Katie, there is crack in Santoro. Yep, on the stairs, and it looks like powdered sugar. haha.&nbsp;     Anyways, tonight at guard we get to bring our headphones and write work all night. YAY! Because I haven't wrote anything. I'm such a slacker. Then, tonight is ODU, so hopefully that will be fun.&nbsp; Tomorrow is SPRING FEST! HOORAH! I'm praying that it doesn't rain.&nbsp; That would suck really bad!    OMG! SO, I got a phone call at lunch and this guy was like "Is RW there?" and I was like "um, excuse me?"...so then he hung up. haha. WTF? I'm so glad that he is gone. UGH! These are the consequences of my horrible actions!    You gotta get that, dirt off your shoulder!    And, I'm going to skip my 2 and 3 classes to go to the SPCA with Lindsay.&nbsp; I'm excited!&nbsp; I am such a dork, but oh well.&nbsp; It will be fun!  
1	 CHEESECAKE!!!!!!!!    MMMM!!!! CHEESECAKE! :D Chocolate Cheesecake! :D MMMM!!! This stuff is sooooo GOOOOODDD!!!!! Someone at work brough some in the other day (they were made in like cupcake holder things so they were individual servings ^_^) and MMMMMMM they were GOOD :D and still are! She gave me a whole container ^_^ I have like 4 left, I plan on eating them all up tonight ^^  I'm such a dork :) I'm gonna go and eat my lasagna and then having some chips and chip dip whilst I wait for this dreaded white crap that's falling from the sky to stop -_-  More on that later :) (and I have to find some better LJ icons...cause the No Ghost seems to get used a lot :))
1	I saw this little 'test' on       totchi_no_miko    's LJ...and felt like doing it too XD; and this is the result O_O;             Who is your long lost Live Journal twin?          LJ Username           Your twin is:      fitfully               This   QuickKwiz   by   livelyhope   - Taken 51660 Times.          New! Get Free  Daily Horoscopes  from Kwiz.Biz      I don't know fitfully so well O_O; but... loooool xD; *laugh* Very confusing X_x; lol ?  Maybe I should have to know you better ? XD; Nya~  so that's it.... for now XD *lazy desu* 
1	Roller hockey on Friday.  That should be a lot of fun, cept i haven't roller bladed in 8 years :P  My friend from work (Mike) hooked me up with some $400 skates for $150, never been used before.  Now i just need to get some gloves, pads...a helmet...possibly a stick if i can't find my old hockey stick...Anyway, that should be fun.  Next week, soccer at Ivan's school.  Can't wait to actually play some competetive soccer again.  I hope it's competetive at least, i don't want people going half ass because it's just no fun playing when nobody is trying their hardest.  Two more classes left before break.  Time to go to one of them now :(
1	More Cowboy Beebop, can you say kick ass?  I can't wait for this ^_^  http://www.cowboybebop.org/english/ut/in dex.html 
0	 Frienditto.  If you're using it, I'll be defriending you. Not because you're posting my private stuff, because I honestly don't post a lot of private stuff, but mostly? You're giving out your password and username to idiots/strangers. That means you're incredibly stupid. So, yeah. Don't use it. Don't post my friends-only and filtered stuff. I doubt anyone on my friendslist would.  Also, the Chinese food place left out my fortune cookie. I could live off fortune cookies. I'm very cross because of this. *pout*  And with that, I'm off to sleep so I can get enough rest to drive tomorrow. (A week off from work. Mmmm.)  Dude. Gina Torres is on CSI, tonight.   Oh, and, yeah, expect updates to be scarce the next week. I'm out and about and not at work to whine about the stupid people.
0	yep, i haven't been on livejournal forever, i just wanted to let everyone know i was alive.
1	last night was fun. went to b-ville with matt, chris, wes, and kayla to see ashley and jack. then all 15 of us fit into my car and went skateboarding where some black guy tried to kill us. and we took emo pictures and were sad for all of about 15 minutes. then we watched porn at jacks house and we giggled then got bored and quit. fun times. and boyfriend is coming back today and i haven't seen him in exactly 86786780 years.           &hearts;
0	I thought I would be quite indifferent about the death of the Pope since I don't practice Catholicism anymore.&nbsp; Who knew it would make me sad.&nbsp; I guess the church had more impact upon the person I am more than I thought.
0	I just had the best lunch ever at renaissance cafe with liz, andrew, and josh. i had tea, a mango chicken wrap, and potato leek soup, and a brownie. i didn't eat it all of course.  greg is the coolest person ever. read his post.  he said this to a sorostitute: "So I said, "You look like a pre-fabricated barbie doll. If I wanted a barbie doll. I'd go to Toys R Us."   Also, I just downloaded Ray LaMontagne per the advice of jasonmulgrew.com and I downloaded the song adam said reminds him of me, i had no idea it was the same guy... but :) so Ray LaMontagne- Trouble, is my song.
1	   It's that time again for Universal Classic Monster movies, an April tradition. This Sunday afternoon from 11:00 AM-5:30 PM, I'll be unspooling: Dracula (1931), Frankenstein (1931), The Mummy (1932), The Bride of Frankenstein (1935), and the Wolf Man (1941). Each one is barely over an hour, so they'll all fit like bite-sized pieces into that timeframe.  I'll also be cooking some Monster chili and offering red Kool-Aid that can be tainted however one desires.  Of course, it'll be at the Miller's Big Room (with a little added decor for atmosphere). Black cat included for free. Come to enjoy the early antics of cinema creeps! It's the un-Halloween event of the year (six months opposite)!   Call or e-mail for more information! Everyone reading this, as well as friends of the reading audience invited!
1	Well...I'm back ready to start my 5th year...ha ha...actually I'm really excited!  I finally got all moved in to my house and it is huge and I love it!:-)  I have a room to myself which is quite nice!  And it is very close to everything!  Which is super sweet!  I finally found out where I'll be student teaching...Fairborn Primary in the 2nd grade...it should be fun!  I hope!  As always Life is an adventure...on our way out to Cedarville we took 3 cars and the Volkswagon Van lost a rear tire in the middle of I 70...it was crazy....the tire just went flying across 3 lanes of traffic, a median, a barbed wire, and landed in a corn field...craziness...it was amazing that no one was hurt!  oh well...now we have a $300 car repair....grrr....and Steph and I have to take care of it...grrr...oh well...Steph is getting mad that I'm using her computer even though I asked...:-P  Oh well...sisters!  Well I'm going!
1	I just had my review (finally - it should have been in January!!), and I got an EUR 2,000 pay rise!!  And best of all - it'll be backdated to January :-)  So - new LARP kit, then eh....?  :-D
0	My mommy is sick and  my tummy hurts.I can't believe he didn't say a word to me.Im the coolest around and he should know that.Its worrying me that she is so sick and I hope she gets better soon.
1	Hey everyone, im at my friend Lauras house, and we are having fun.  We saw 2 movies that both had john travolta in it.  Damn, hes a good actor.  I would also like to appologize to my cousin robbie for not trusting him with some posts.  Im really sry man.  I am also going to the mall tomarrow, im not sure what to buy, or with what money lol, but yea its all good.  I also got 3 cds, 2 for free.  I now have the killers, jet, and 3 doors down.
1	April Fools Day, and I missed out on the fun being stuck in my third day of training. Ah well, the stories are still filtering in. Meanwhile I'm still in the music, though our PC's are letting us down. Some thing's up with Lisa's sound card, and my CD/DVD drive stopped recognizing CDs. So I've been listening in my car, and ripping to my work PC - heh, see how long I can pull that off. The ironic thing is I have a turntable hooked up to my PC now, so I could be ripping my vinyl. Ah low-tech.  So, Brazilian Girls, Gram Rabbit, and the Ditty Bops have been brightening up my commutes the past couple days much fun, and it's keeping me in the mood for Amoeba. I can't wait to browse their collection and also delve into the DVDs - I've a long list of those I covet as well. I can hardly wait.
1	Everyone better not forget my 21ist b-day is Feb 11th.. This thursday we are going to Caddy Jacks to celebrate until 12 then im going to buy some stuff. Holy shit i cant wait. Well im leaving work now going to get ready for the super bowl which im watching with Holly i think.
1	I am so excited....I talked to Jeremy today...well speaking to him now *giggle* I just miss the heck outta him!  He says hello to Minnie and Lisa if I speak to them....which safest to post in here....in case I forget lol.  Jezzra   says: say hello to Minster for me Jody says: i will     Jezzra   says: and Lissa if you see her  He will back online again regular real soon......he is doing good, I am happy I got to speak with him, been to long....we been friends for a very long time. :-)
1	I got my Mitch Hedburg ticket!  Hooray!  I gave away my other raincheck to my friend.  She needed it more than I.  I have a really long break before my next class.  Suck.  We had German in the Foy today.  It was awesome.  We only stayed for maybe 30 minutes.  That makes me very happy.  Time to rack up the extra credit points again so I can not study AGAIN.
0	One word to describe weekend: Guh.   I found out that my brother (Diggy) is coming home on Tuesday. I have mixed feelings about this. Yeah I miss him and all, but I don't miss the constant fighting. The house seemed so much at ease when he was gone. Poo.  I really don't have anything of any importance to say. I never do.  xox. tell me what you want.
0	Which friends are you talking about? B/c if it's Brett and Chris and Zach.... those people aren't my friends. I only hang out with them b/c that's really the only way I can hang out with Tina. I think it's great that he thought it was cool that he thought it was great that I liked him, but I want to like me. I would gladly give up hanging out with all those people just to be with him. But please tell me what he said. Cause I would seriuosly better myself so that I could be with him. I mean is it me?.... or is my "friends"? Now I'm all depressed. I gotta go. Oh, one more thing....Donna approached me today afterschool to tell me that you(Nate) had told her that Tina didn't like her and that she was talking crap about Donna. So I had to cover for Tina. Plus I still have to talk to Tina about it. But I just one favor of you Nathan, please tell me what Mark though so badly about me, because I really want to know so I can try to change it.
1	I can't believe that i'm going to be in Switzerland tom......i guess it hasn't really hit me yet.  Seems like forever that we have been waiting for this trip and talking about it.  HAven't packed yet....and thatis going to be a blast i'm sure. I've still got to get so much. This trip is costing so much money,clothes alone must have cost $300 so that's pretty crazzzy.I really wanna see snow...it better snow!Next time i'll be updating i'll have traveled through Europe....a life time experience....can't wait!!
1	Lauren and I had a sleepover. Whoop Whoop. Shes a cool kid. I heart her.  Today.. Christian finally went to UCR. We moved him into his dorm room. It was cute. He didnt wanna stay. haha. I love that kid.   Then fiesta fiesta! It was alot of fun/quite exciting.. And like the past few years, I'm going all 3 days even though i dont do anything but i get to work our booth for 2 hours, 4-6 tomorrow. Good stuff. Come visit. Have a nice weekend and stay safe. Goodnight.
1	   Merry Christmas  , or   Kwanza   or    H    anukkah    or just plain   Ha  ppy   Ho  lid  ay  s   to everyone celebrating today! I hope Santa brought everyone what they wanted :)    I got ROTK:EE today, so I can  finally  watch it tonight. Even though I knew I was getting it, I think that's the gift that I was most excited about.&nbsp; First we have to have Christmas dinner (for which I'll be cooking Broccoli-Cheese casserole for the first time) then it'll be LOTR for the rest of the night.    Right now I'm watching some crappy Tori Spelling movie which is&nbsp;supposed to be a twist on A Christmas Carol.&nbsp; I think I might be one of the few people who can't stand that  Christmas Story  movie about the little boy with the BB Gun.&nbsp; TBS is showing it every 2 hours right now. I might watch it just to see if I like it better, but I've always had this immense hate for it so we'll see. 
0	Computer is here with me now.  Rumors of my imminent return to OR are FALSE.  I repeat, I will not make it to Kristen's birthday.  I am... very disappointed, but it's out of my hands.  We don't have the money for a train ride, or even the bus trip. *sigh*
1	Today has been pretty uneventful, not bad just uneventful. I went to school and lecture was only an hour, which is good cause its less work, but annoying cause the bus ride there and back takes longer then the class. This afternoon has been pretty relaxing and tonight I'm heading to my sisters place in Newmarket.  Tomorrow is our snowboarding adventure, yay! Finally, the highlight of my day, I got an e-mail from Trev!! He's still alive and having a great time. Well that's all for now, I'm sure I'll have some crazy stories for ya tomorrow.
0	Today was pretty much the same as every other day, except we had a pep fest.  My last HS pep fest ever.  Can't say I was really dissapointed, but the band wasn't loud enough.  I had a good time though.  Senior auction was funny, but got old after about 10 people.  Then went home and started to watch some movie with dangerous mind in the title, oh yeah, Confession of a Dangerous Mind, i think that's it.  After that Jena went home and I played counter strike.  We had a make-up match today, which we lost 14 to 16, argggagadlkjfasdlk;g.  Close, it would have been very good if we had won, but either way, if we win out our last 2 matches we should be good.  Not much else has happened.
1	I have been playing this awesome online game!!!! www.realthugz.com That is an awesome game!!!! anyways, it can get addicting. I have had a really cool morning!!  I stayed up late, til 2 in the morning, playing Crono Trigger. That was fun!!!! I actually got up like 45 minutes earlier than I usually do. I didn't make my granma late for work today!!!! I am wearing one of my fave shirts!! I get a lot of compliments on this shirt.(It's a big tanlike T-shirt with the band Bush on it) I am also wearing these comfy dark green(sorta faded, millitary like with cargo pocket)pants. I better get going b4 I am late for lunch!! mata ne.    -Tetsuo
1	Haven't had a chance to update about this yet, but...Jason is out of ICU, he's awake and aware, can't talk yet but looks like he'll be back to normal in the long run.  I'm going to send him a package of stuff,i can't wait to be able to talk to him, i miss him so much.  But yes GREAT NEWS!!!  **************************************** **************************************** *****  Hung out w/ scott today, We went to the zoo and wandered central park spent a long time sitting around on the grass enjoying the weather.  Went to Jekyll and Hyde for dinner, strange strange place.  Then we came back here and hung out.  I'm just so happy, he is wonderful, the best boyfriend ever.     So all and all life is good, and all is well.
1	No matter what happens tomorrow night, I love my Sox.
1	After a full day at work, I came home to a freshly cleaned/vacuumed/mopped/laundered house!!!  AND to top it off, DH is cooking breakfast for dinner.  As someone who can't bear to eat in the morning...I LOVE having breakfast for dinner.  I LOVE THIS MAN... I love him, I love him, I Love him!  See men... you don't have to buy a huge diamond to get your wife to say these words... Just cook and clean by surprise every once in a while!
1	A certain Internet filtering company I once worked for still classifies a certain website of mine as Tasteless/Gross. It's a like a fingerprint that says, "       ydna    was here! " (Because I'm the one that rated it as Tasteless/Gross even though it's a business web site offering technology consulting.) I guess that's a good sign that the old dog is still going strong.
1	Take the quiz:  "Which 'Queer Eye' Guy Are You?"     Carson  You are Carson! You're a diva with a fine-tuned sense of style. You have a thing for pet names and Prada. You're hot stuff and you know it, but you can be kind to the little people with littler fashion sense. Right, peanut?  hehe so true...  Will update properly later! I promise!
0	 Noooooooooooooo!!!!!!!  WHY, GOD, WHY???    *pathetic weeping* 
1	I have a new nickname that my friends use to talk to me!YAY!I feel special......anyways, the new name is BJ, so......start calling me BJ....cuz i like it!YAY!thanks!    -BJ
1	 Having read       customers_suck    on and off for a while, I've heard several stories of cashiers having problems when customers expect them to be able to break a 100 first thing in the morning or whatever.      Today, I was a slightly sucky customer; I was buying a litre of milk (49¢) and only had a €50 note (about US$ 62). So I thought I'd ask beforehand: "Can I pay with a fifty?"      The cashier's response: a shrug and, "Sure, why not? It's money." So I got back €49.51, without any fuss. Thank you! 
1	          It may be a week late, but happy Easter! Every Easter, the bunny responsible for handling our local area meets an untimely death. Our yard isn't safe for Easter bunnies...                          
0	  Guys just love...how shy and sweet you are!      What Do Guys Love About You? (with pics :3)     brought to you by  Quizilla   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  Today wasn't as good as it should have been...  *sigh* Left yet another message for my brother. I've left about ten, and he hasn't returned a single one. =( I miss him so much. Meh...
1	Just got home from work and am about to go to L.A.!!!!!
1	ok actually my spring break is going really really good rite now im having so much fun i cant believe it!!!  last nite i went 2 the movies w. friends then to a party....  today the beach and idk wat next idk if im aloud....   tomorrow my aunts then im not sure yet i think danielle but idk!!!!  &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 me
1	The soccer game last night was ... specail.  we did good, it was our first game as a team so it was all good.  We started out kinda bad, but came back down by 2 and then everyone was so tired that we just lost all drive to win.  it was a good game though.  i feel like i got the crap beat out of me.  i took a beating, damn everything hurts!    Well 3 mins and i'm off work, going home to do some laundry then its Fall Out Boy time bitches!!!!
1	deus ex machina doesn't exist only in greek and roman plays... it's right here as well  close
0	have you ever woken up from a dream crying not sure why........ its probaly one of the most unsettling things that can ever happen to you.......
1	The deadline of finding and internship: Feb. 25, 2005. When did I find a job? TODAY. Yesterday, I got an email by e2creativegroup. They like my stuff, and want to see me right away. Schedule a time, which was today, 11 am, in La Cienega (i cannot pronounce for the life of me)...AND ITS FREAKIN PAID..thank god. The people I work with are jewish and they are high spirited and so much fun. They want me to work right away, tomorrow morning, start off designing a catalog. I'm very very very very very happy.   so yes, thats the happy note...sad note...my dog almost got eaten by coyotes..i got a call this morning! he's in the clinic right now..doing fine..but oh man..he almost died..but he's okay.    me happy...
1	  HAPPY BIRTHDAY,  BENE!     Thank you for teaching me about friendship, tolerance, patience, humility and just how crafty Europeans really are. You rock harder than Jean-Claude Van Damme in a pair of leather pants. Have a good one, my crafty  paisan .
1	Rest, finally. Time to swim, jog and gym. Whee~~      ::Gerri & Me::   ::CKP Salad::   ::CKP Peking Duck Pizza::  
1	um....today i got my hair tips colored red!I am so happy!!Tommorrow I am gonna go to Jonesboro and go shopping w/ my family...yippee skippee.thats really all thats been goin on.  Kylie-I tried to call you last night but you didn't pick up....o well.
1	i just checked my lasy entry.....whoops was really wasted, oh well what can ya do?  i went to central today and it was so much fun to hang out with meg and reg and kevin...just like old times, sorry i didn't stay the night guys  i think i have made some efforts to hang out with people, except mike jeff and stacy...i just havent had the time guys and i am sorry, but soon i promise  i talked to maureen tonight, always a bonus when its unexpected  watched a lot of movies today  but now its time for bed  cant wait till sunday
1	I had a great day today!  We got our mortgage approval and we saw the lawyer today so we have both our conditions taken care of.  We're going on monday to sign the contract once and for all.  We bought a house! :)  It's quite exciting. :)  Then to make the day even better, I spent some of the afternoon playing 12 player, 3 team, Warcraft3 with my team at work. :)  My team lost :(  but it was my first time playing this weired multiplayer version and there was lots of stuff I didn't know about that would have helped a lot.  I'm going to have to read up on it and do better next week. :)
1	school is going really good so far i am doing well but next week is our mid-terms so i guess that will tell how it is really going  everyone at school is so cool i really really enjoy all my new friends  julie ann is coming home this weekend!! that is exciting  i'm most likely going to central  next weekend so that should be fun  and i really wanna go to GV sometime soon  AND my sisters friend lives at or by state or something and she is gonna go see him sometime and said she will take me with  her so i can see my state girls :)  i miss all you guys bunches!!  i'm gonna peace out now cuz i gotta be in the studio tomorrow but i just thought i'd update to suprise all of you!!
1	i need to cut my hair. friday was fun because i got to be the getaway driver when gabe and kyrstin tipped the port-a-potty. fun fun. saturday hung out with the kids from two way solitare at megans party. sunday i went to my granny's. i was about to start a conversation with my step cousins who never talk to anyone. then they made fun of my brother. bastards. tonight was fun. i went down to see caitlin but she wasnt working today. then we walked to santana to find my favorite person... tony!! YAY!!! that made me smile. we picked up jamee and all went to starbucks and hung out. then back to santana. i saw daniel. had a 2 second conversation. thats cool. hung out for a bit. then tony took us all home. i lvoe that kid. i hope we hang out more  *muah*
1	Yay!  Here's the picture I drew of Brad x Schu, Aiko!   Enjoy!     http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y43/Ma sa_mama/bradxschu.jpg   It was dedicated to Daiyaonna, who is immersed in Brad x Schu. ^____^
0	the money stetson is offering me is just shy of being enough.  my parents are counting the 100% bright futures scholarship as if it's money already in the bag, when in actuality i have 40-50 hours of unperformed community service hanging over my head.  i'd have to live on campus to go to stetson, commuting twice a day five days a week is doable, but ridiculous to consider.  my dad said it would be a waste of money to get me a car if i went to stetson.  my student loans would hang over my head for the 30 years of my life following my college graduation.  i should activate a virtual ucf application soon.  EDIT:  also, today is cavan's birthday.  happy birthday cavan!
0	Do we live only to justify to ourselves what love really is?????? If so...............VINCENT IS LOOOVVVEEE!  I have come to the slightly disturbing realisation that if Vincent strangled me, I think I would rather enjoy it. At least the last thing I would see would be his beauty...  If Vincent stabbed me with his claw, at least I would die in his arms...  Perhaps this portends doom in my future.   If Lestat / Louis / Armand / Maruis drank my blood , that would be the most blissful way to end my life.......
1	Hey everyone, thanks for the approval to join the community!  Name: Jenna Field: Mechanical Engineering Institution: Lawrence Technological University (Southfield, MI) Number of tattoos: 2 Number of piercings: 9  Picture(s) of your tattoo(s):  I'm gonna have to get back to you on this one, my digi camera is on the fritz, sorry!
0	Depression is a steep sloped emotion my friends...once you start sliding there's no telling how far down you'll get. My GOD, I'm turning into my chronically depressed grandmother, someone just kill me. ....Yup, sounds like something she'd say...  ...Also, we're being invaded by wasps...::grabs the bug spray and hunkers down::  "Funny, the damage a silly little book can do, especially in the hands of a silly...little...girl." Tom Riddle(Lord Voldemort)-CoS
0	i am going to end up alone, unsuccessful, and unhappy  i'm failing at life  feeling hopeless  i'm going to bed    ps: who the fuck let me in this school anyway? moron...
0	i hope you feel better char. like me. put on your boys II men. yah, OC style.   *imaginery hug* &lt;- it made me feel a little better. i hope it worked for you too. =P
0	Death is sweet if you know how to use it but if you mess with it you have the fatal result of bitter death but if careful what will happen but this you will control thy world and everyone will bow down to you
1	Ten major projects left.  That's one short essay, a presentation, and a term paper for mythology, a paper for metaphysics (including reviews and rewrites), a term paper for theory of knowledge, a term paper for film music, and all final exams.  (The yoga book goes in there somewhere, but I don't think I'm getting credit in that class anyway.)  All in all, that's twenty-three pages minimum to write, a presentation to prepare for, and some time spent studying for four tests.  That's not so bad.  I'm not looking forward to the three finals in a row on one day, but what can you do?  We'll see how I feel when the real deadlines start popping up.  One month to go, and I must say you're all invited to graduation even if you can't make it.  Anyone who can wade through this mess day in day out deserves to come.  But you're more than that.  You're all great people, and I'd like to see you there.  Thanks so much, guys.   Stay strong.  You can do it.  It's almost over! 
0	Why do i always feel this way? who knows and better yet who besides me care.Its weird cuz hell Isaac stayed up here yesterday, and i just got back from there n ot too long ago. I swear Hannah, Sarah, and Kim are probably three of the craziest gals I have ever been around shew they cracked me up, and made me blush too which is a big accomplishment. I just feel like i have no one to turn to like if i just decided to up and take off for god knows where that no one notice and life for them would continue as usual. I dont know maybe its just me I have friends but i think whenever they ask me to do stuff its only cuz they feel sorry for me oh well...  till next time... Brandon
1	show a nigga some love! just got out of incarceration...
0	I was playing around with mysql-administrator today, and I discovered that it wouldn't set my tables to InnoDB.  InnoDB is a lovely storage engine which supports row-based locking and rollback/commit.  This is very useful, when making more than one query to a database when the queries end up modfifying the table and when the queries are dependent on each other.  When I write web applications and there are multiple queries being made in one http request, I check to see if there are any errors with any queries, and if there are then I don't commit.  Anyway, I realized that Gentoo doesn't by default turn on InnoDB support on the MySQL 4.0.20 ebuild.  Anyway I had to say "USE=innodb emerge mysql" and remerge mysql into the system.  Oh well, who knew?  So, I'm doing that right now.
1	I finally have the roommate thing all figured out..so now we decided to apply for an apartment with 4 single rooms ^___^ i hope we get it **fingers crossed** so awesome ^___^ i'm going to have the most awesomest roommates V^___^V
0	I'm still working on my life. Everything once again is falling apart. I guess sometimes this is what you have to deal with when you are alive. I'm not suicidal or anything i'm just a little sad. I have alot of things to do today but who knows if they will ever get done. I really need to workout and I think I have to much on my mind. I hate thinking.
1	ummm... so i found this REALLY good pic of me. i actually like it! that's a 1st! i don't look bad... i look kinda pretty. but it's like a picture... u know like hard copy... not on a digital camera. and i wanted 2 put it 4 my user pictre... so can i scan it and put it? if so i don't have a scanner so would some1 be nice enough 2 help me w/ that? lol. i think amanda lones has a scanner but i dunno... but ya neways... just thought i would tell u all that!
0	All I want is to spend Christmas with a certain wolf. I can't stop thinking about him and its driving me crazy because I can actually say that I love him.. but hes currently involved with somefur else. So it's just me and my tree this year.. Plus have to work 8 days in a row this week, including tonight and Christmas night, wheee. However it's always been said that one's first Christmas after moving out is the nastiest. Icky poo. Oh yes, for all that didnt know, (all 2 of you that might read this once a year) me and Brian are no longer going out, as of early this month.. those who are close know the details.  Canada is looking very inviting too. Have a furiend thats willing to help me through immigrating, so might do that when it comes time to leave the house Im staying in.
1	 @ work like always. last night i went to bed so fucking early at 8pm i was passed out. lol. did a lot of writing right before passing out, i think i need to get it all out. won`t write any of it here, to personal and directed to people...not good. something you just have to keep to yourself.    tomorrow getting my haircut, so freaking happy about that, it`s way to long! eeeee...    have a good ppl, happy b-day josie by the way:) 
0	I met Dan, his brother, last night, to pick up. He met me at the Vic. I was instantly panicked that he would be there, cos it's one of the places we used to hang out. Dan asked if i had spoken to him, i said no. I said it's not like I have other friends like he does, Dan was really sweet, he said if I ever want to go for a spliff he would meet up with me. I asked what Charlie had been up to and dans exact words were ' he's been ratting about the house'. so he must really hate me. he isnt doing stuff, he's hanging around the house, alone a lot of the time. I dont get it. he hates being in. so he must hate me.   I want to be gone I want to be able to do it right this time or I want him back the way it was I want to be gone I want to be dead I want to end everything I want to not feel a thing  tonight I'm going.
0	Someone smelled like Paris today, and it hurt me to remember. Hurt me to think that I may never be back there. I might forget the taste of a chocolate crêpe. Perhaps I have done so already. Forget that feeling I got that started in my chest and spread to my extremities to pool in my wrists as we rounded the corner to face the Opéra Garnier.   ... I want a Memory Charm. I want to forget because it hurts too much to remember.  [ETA: Have cheered myself up by changing my lay-out! Go  here  to see the pretty boys. Also, scroll down to see their faces. Oops!]
1	ITS THE YEAR OF THE ROOSTER!!!!^_^   all i did for New years eve was play games. it was So00o fun..hehehehe..i played metal gear solid 3: snake eater and grand theft auto: san andreas :D  anyway..happy new year!  oh yes..its my birthday today!!OMG im not a teen no more!!!OMG *freaks out*
1	We got our wireless webcam working.. yeay :)  To view it click  here   That link will only work in Explorer as it uses an ActiveX plugin.  If that doesn't work then the video stream is at  http://camnet01.ourlinksys.com:1024/i mg/video.asf  and that should work in media player.  (PS if you hate the Matthew it's probably better if you don't look here :)
0	week two of heavenly vacation  wasted my first week, being in some lame apartment at sea  the only kick-ass thing was that i saw dries and some other people and we drank a lot and some pretty nice drinks too  but i'm not gonna dwell too long 'bout that   so now my life has officially lost all it's kind of exciting stuff my obsession is still an obsession but that's all, cause i just can't do anything with it and if i keep mailing and other fucking stuff like that i seem so needy and i'm not needy  just need to do something with the obsession      but luckily i saw Danielle today  that's always fun i went to some shop with her and her eldest sister to pick some paint  fun, we call that  and i'll definitely have some more fun today cause i'm going to quiz this eve  woooohoooo!!!!  i want something exciting to happen right now!!!
1	I named Teeko's baby TB. And I'm thrilled!!! All the hard work I put into raising TB has pulled through!! Since TB is now a young Mimitchi!!!!! I conected with my friend and she gave me a gift. A little jacket!!! It looks sooooo cute!! I gave my friend a Pencil, and all her Tama wrote was Thankyou. Its still pretty cute though. I accidently left TB alone yesterday when we went swimming and shopping after that, but even though we were gone 4 3 hours she was still alive!! It was just sitting on my bed, all its hearts were down so I fixed that and played a game. Im so glad!!! My young Mimitchi is the cutest thing ever!!!
1	Tired, ought to be in bed, but just not yet. It's nice night, with a cool breeze.  Just got off the phone with       ninglorithiel   .  Good conversation is worth lots more than it's weight in gold.  Or salt.  She's almost convinced me that I want to run another LARP.  And I do, but the practicalities stop me cold.  Being a practical, realistic Virgo can really blow at times.    New book to recommend.  But you must like A) Sword and sorcery fantasy, B) Ghosts and C) Murder mysteries.  This is all three and it is awesome.  I'm on Chapter 8 and totally hooked.  Oh, yeah, the title is "Ghosts in the Snow" by Tamara Siler Jones.  To be totally honest, I picked the book up because the main character can see ghosts, just like my Death's Door character can.  Reality?  Fantasy?  Huh?  There's a difference?  Okay, I am going to bed now, in a bit.  Tomorrow is a busy day, after all.
1	   Just to let most of you know Im still alive.. (YaY)  What's up lately?  Nothing much... Enjoy my time with me Sosi Bebe!    Love Ya Bebe!!   Well Have Nothing Much To Update About This Sums It Up! 
0	Well this fucking sucks. There isn't really much else to say. I don't feel like trying to explain. You'd just think I was fucking stupid. Which I may just be. But I couldn't watch anymore. And I think that up to the instant I closed that door, I thought it would turn out alright. I suppose I still wish there would be some miracle and I wouldn't have to feel like this. But I can't be the agent of it, as that would defeat the purpose, and no one else will. So I drown myself in ice cream, cigarettes, and izzes. And I tell myself that is better. A deeper wound, perhaps, but one that will heal with time, instead of the shallow one that would only get worse. At least that's what I like to tell myself. Pretty pathetic, huh? Give me a week. I can do this. I think.
0	well....  the restaurant where we have made arrangements to have our rehearsal dinner has closed. we had everything all planned out. my favorite restaurant in lexington.  lovely. back to the drawing board.
0	I just got done watching Extreme Makeover.  I wonder if I'd make it on the show.  I checked out the application process...it's not to tough minus a video.  There's oh so many different things I'd like to change about myself.  Maybe after my practicum I'll try it.  Until then I'm going to be too busy...and that's assuming I actually did get on the show.  I'll keep my fingers crossed that maybe someday I will.
0	I think its about time I wrote something about whats going on in my life. I was going out with someone until today. And I got turned down for a job today. So its been a pretty bad day. As you can probably guess I write songs, I want to be in a band or perform my songs solo. I never got a break though. So this is whats happening in my life at the moment.
1	I leave for the Bufallo airport to go to the Bahamas in two count them, ONE..TWO hours! I'm so effing excited I can not contain it!  I love warmth I love palm trees I love beaches I love water slides I love hotels I love tropics I love vacations I love getting away from Jamestown I love out to dinners in places youve never been I love when your brother in law says hes gonna buy you alcohal I love April 9, 2005 I love The Bahamas even though Ive never been there I love bathin suits I love water I love getting tan  I love boat rides I love tubing I love jet skiing I love all of the things Ive never done that I know im going to love trying for the first time  AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh  Happy Birthday Jeff *hug* You're such an old geizer
1	ok guys, bloody mary doesn't work. surprised? i'm not, although i was very scared to do it at first.   saturday we had a cross country meet. i got my 2nd best time.   i learned that walking to pathmark is dangerous. random loud noises that sounds like a gun shot is scary.  the used concert is on nov. 7. im excited!!  this weekend was pretty good. friday we had no school, so i went over margarets house and on saturday she came over my house. sunday, i hung out with isabella, thats something different considering i havent hung out with her in like a year.  ok i have 3 projects that i should be doing at this moment, instead i'm updating this thing. well it doesnt matter because im not starting my homework until i find that used picture.
0	I know who you all are. And although I'm sure it means squat to you it upsets me to know your friendship and trust has been superficial. A big part of me would love to just take the whole LJ and tell you were you can put it. HOWEVER, I think I'm just going to hang, be around, and just let you know, Ill be watching your shit! Just so you know. Don’t bother to post anything, just come up,to my face and look me in the eye. PLEASE!  Have you a good one you fucks.
1	Has anyone else noticed the new picture gallery function on LJ? It may just be paid accounts.  I have been waiting for this for so long, it was my only LJ criticism, and it has now been added. Tis good news I think. :-)  In other news, I have decided to start keeping a personal diary. This will not be online for public viewing, and in my defence, there are some things in one's life that you want to record but do not want to share with the world. This may because they are boring or very personal.  I have always been put off doing this before because I like to draft and then alter what I have written. When you physically write in a book, you cannot make these changes. Thankfully, a few software solutions are at hand at a very reasonable price. I am trying the demo on two of them. For me, this is an ideal solution and will give me a timeline in my life well beyond the average weblog.
1	*sits by the window with  Niel&iacute;qui  and teaches her about the world*  *yes, teaches*  *you read that right*  *PH33R*
1	           Nerd-O-Meter          Username/Nick         Nerd-O-Meter -  98%                                                                                    This   quiz   by   Confused_Pete   - Taken 108175 Times.          New - How do you  get a guy to like you?        HELL YESS!
0	I'm sitting here crying irl and then feeling bad, because what's happening to me is so much less than that which is happening to others I know, and they are nowhere near as depressed and sad as I am.  I'm feeling that I don't have the right to feel sad because I have got nowhere near as much to deal with as them, but at the same time I can't help it.  I wish there were some easy way to solve my mind, but unfortunately there isn't :(  I'm guessing that I really need to think a little more about myself and my life and go and find someone to talk it over with.  Thank you to everyone who's ever helped me out, and has put their time aside to accomodate me, I don't want to think where I would be if you weren't there for me.  I kinda suspect that you wouldn't need to be there for me now though :(
1	Talked to this guy I liked on the phone for over an hour, t'was awesome. :) I'm happy.
0	i'm sorry i didn't acknowlege your apologies. i'm sure they were sincere. there was never a doubt in my mind that they weren't. i didn't mean to hurt you by not responding. i wasn't ready to accept them. i just wanted you to know that.
0	back from camp!  Had an awesome time with The miccas, kelsey, kaylee, and of course the one and only heather!  plus our new canadian buddy andrew!  Got lots of pics, and Ill show everybody!  and now I miss my camp buds :-(  I get to see andrew and heather at winterfest and camp next year tho, and I might go to a youth conference that heather will be at. Still....Im sad.... :-(    laters  ~kw  ps new aol sn is knw303
0	     &nbsp;        &nbsp;        &nbsp;      i think it would be nice, if we would all be nice.          &nbsp;        &nbsp;    &nbsp; 
1	  Me     Katie     Amanda           I look so freaky in this picture.       
0	i just found out something that is kind of disappointing.  *sigh*   didn't make it out to pub night because my ride fell alseep.  *grumble*  also didn't make it out to auf der maur. *sigh again*  it's been a disappointing few hrs.  at least i've had the new strokes album to listen to.
1	  so new layout all thanks to ashley! and kim who tried=]  i had to delete all my other entries though cause they were all different colors.  today is easter and i dont like it. you dont get any presents on this holiday and all you do is sit and home and eat. which is cool cause i like eating but eww.       i might make this ellejay 'friends only' im still thinking about it.       mucho love &hearts;  
1	hey guys i just got back from florida yesterday! it was so awesome! i went to magic kingdom and epcot in one day. that was fun! and then i did Universal's Islands of Adventure in ONE day.(there was just soooooooooo much to do!) and then the next day i went to universal studios...it was ok but wasn't my favorite. um...o yeh then the next day i went to some dinky park called 'Water Mania'. lol. i only went because they had an artificial wave that i could surf on. it was tight cuz i met some hot chicks from georgia. yeh they were hot. um...then that was it. i flew home and our flight got delayed in mid-air. so we were in the plane for an extra hour. it sucked. but then there was this OTHER hot chick in the plane that i talked to. so i had a great trip. it was cool. that's it for now i guess! peace
1	Amy Forstadt read my blog entry for March 6 and commented! Gush! I am so honored. Signend, Me
1	I just wanted to list who was going to be in the Wedding:   Maid of Honor:  Alyssa Milano  Maidtren of Honor:  Holly Marie Combs  Bridesmaids:  Miranda Otto, Kate Winslet, Keira Knightley, Janeane Garofalo, and Amber Tamblyn   Best Men:  George Clooney and Sean Bean  Groomsmen:  Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom, Leo DiCaprio, Heath Ledger, and Dom Monaghan   Flower Girl:  Alexandra Astin  Ring Bearer:  Finley Donoho (Holly's little guy)  *Wedding Party: I'll contact you to tell you who you'll be walking down the aisle with*
1	Credit goes out to       openingrose    for my new Orlando Bloom icon. Swoooonnn.  Woot! No school for two weeks! I finally handed in my big, fat research essay today. I spent a good three hours this morning typing it up. Definately not my best work, but I'm so glad it's finally done. It's like a huge weight's been lifted off of my shoulders.   Got all of my Christmas shopping done. Already, I know! I usually leave it to the minute, but I managed to get it done early this year, I didn't have much presents to buy this year anyway. And just when I thought I had avoided the holiday crowds, today Jen asked me to go shopping with her on Monday. It should fun though, we're going skating afterwards.  It should be good two weeks. I'm going to see RotK! Yay!
1	ahhh... im really excited... renee just called me... were hanging out in like an hour... 
1	Had a beautiful day today!  Clear skies, sunny, warm.  It kept me in a good mood all day.  Even my upgrades went well today.  I was nervous b/c I wasn't starting a PC until 2:30.  That doesn't leave much time to do the upgrade before they need the PC, well alone if anything goes wrong.  But it went well and I finished it at 4:30 and left at 5:00.  Traffic on the parkway west was great.  They're starting construction on I-79 and was afraid it would back up onto the parkway west but it was fine.  The parkway east sucked.  We were just creeping along.  But it didn't seem that bad.  Had the sunroof open, the mp3 player jamming.  I even decided to stop at Target and the grocery store.  Normally I'm tired and just want to get home.  After Target my energy did start running out and it was getting late so I didn't get as much at the grocery store as I wanted.  Oh well, there's always tomorrow or the next day.
1	Yay turnabout... i cant wait... i got my hair done for 13 dollars at TCD... it is sooo cute!!! i love it... i cant wait til the dance!!! and its 14 dayz til me and Mike's 1 year!! yay
1	*Takes a deep breath* I feel better today about myself, work, life, and everything else. It's amazing to know that a 2 mile walk last night could help so much the next day. That's why I really used to love basketball too...stress reliever BIG TIME. I'm going to try and see if Hoa and Luke want to go walking tonight as well  Back to work
1	today when richard went to get his paycheck he was kind enough to get me mine too. i am happy..i finally have spare money. it only took me 3 months to pay my dad back for the ipod. its all good though. didnt really do much but pack for vegas today. we are leaving early tomorrow morning. anyway, tomorrow is megans birthday. this year is much different from last year where i made her a cake and made a big deal out of it. this year im just gonna call her and wish her a happy birthday. ohh and amy takes her liscence test tomorrow. good luck although i know you'll pass.
1	at least for awhile...  Im leaving tomorrow in the AM and already have all my stuff packed and ready to go...  Ill be traveling with one of my favorite books, The Hitchhikers Guid to the Galaxy, as well as The Shrodingers Cat Trilogy...  Im taking my ER-1 groove box witha set of headphones, my drawing books (2) pencil and inking case,   and the guitar my xroommate was kind enough to string up for me...  oh, and ill have some clothes too...  Miami is the destination...  from there? who knows...  Ill be in a different city every week.  wish me luck...  get your ass to the art bar to say goodbye for awhile...  cause if I find a kewl place I like, Im just gonna call up the room mates and tell em to pack my shit and fedx it.  if I dont see you, it was more than devine making your aquaintence.  Ill try and check in every so often from the road and post some pics of my journey.  L8r  -R
1	I got my letter today (well, yesterday, now). I definitely got good news. I am going to Germany!
0	Well, I found out that I did not indeed get the summer job I wished for, as in a position as an SOL (summer orientation leader).  I'm kinda bummed; it would have been good money for little work, and I think it would have been a great experience.  Oh well...life goes on.  I'm going to inquire about any available positions working for housing, if any exist, then branch off and look around in LaGrange.  I might put an ad in the local paper advertising as a mother's helper; I've done it before.  I'll see what happens.  What's keeping me from just staying up here is the fact I do not have a car, poop (as mallory would say).    Other than that, things are ok.  I feel incredibly stupid for Thursday night.  I remember vaguely (sp) what happened, but not many details.  A BIG THANK YOU to Mallory, my favorite person in the world, for helping me out.  I'll buy you some SoCo sometime soon or something.    Off to bed now; it just hit me how exhausted I am.
1	Stole this link from a comment to       superhappy   --  the Dvorak keyboard layout .  Oh boy oh boy oh boy.  I don't know why I'm excited about discovering a different keyboard layout when I'm already used to typing on qwerty, but oh boy oh boy oh boy.  Also, I love annotated comics.  The 10 year anniversary book for Calvin and Hobbes is a treasured object of mine, for instance.  There's just something about reading what a comic artist was thinking when they made a particular comic that's really neat.  I think it's because you find out, in the end, that they're ordinary people who take shortcuts because of time restraints and make references to things that inspired them, and that they're not really  that  different from anybody else.  They're just normal people with a spotlight on them, and for some reason, I find that fact very endearing.
1	Well...  Monday - was the first Bear Poker night for actual money...It went very well, and it seemed that everyone enjoyed themselves.  We played two games and I only lost $10.  A cheap night for me.  Tuesday - was the the monthly Bear Poker night just for fun...I won the first game, actually dominated is a better word.  LOL  The second game, I went out on the first hand.  BAD LUCK  Good time was had by all.  Wednesday - Took a project managment assesment for a program at work, I scored a 3.26 out of 5, and I am at the 92nd Percentile...either everyone is dumb or I kicked ass!  Otherwise I just hung out and vegged at home.  Gotta love it!!  Today - Working from home.  Got my results back from the doctor...everything is hunky doorie.  :)  Gonna hang out with a friend that needs a friend right now tonight.  Friday - Driving back to see my Momma in South Dakota.  Huron, South Dakota for all you nosy folks. :)  Gonna be an interesting weekend.  Next week - IBR  :)
0	well, tomorrow i return to stateboro. its goo because i can do whatever the hell i want without my parents bitching at me, but its bad because i have to leave all my friends. break has been great. i'm gonna miss everybody
0	So far i guess the break has been ok.  today went to the movies and saw Guess Who? with Ashton Kutcher in it.  IT was alright.  IT coulda been better.  Ummm...added unlimited text messaging to my phone so if you want you can text me.  I was off today so i just chilled and watched movies.  I watched Harold and Kumar go to white castle last night it was pretty funny then i watched resident evil apocalypse.  it was pretty good too.  I just got done watching Saw.  IT was a good movie.  now im just sitting here listening to the new song by Akon...If you want give me a call...or text me...peace
1	  Happy 20th birthday to my beautiful best friend Shauna who deserves the bestest birthday in the whole world!!!      (Your present will be shipped out on Monday!)      Love you hun!!! :-)  
1	  H A  P  P  Y   E  A  S  T  E  R !  ! !  !  !  !  !       Well I Dont have much to say cause Nothing is going on but Im going to my Aunt at 1 so.      Hope Everyone Has a Great Easter!!!      &lt;3      ((Nicky))       &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp; 
0	I got a beautiful bouquet of roses for my graduation and decided to dry them so I could keep them as a reminder of the day.  I laid all the blossoms and fallen petals out in a beautiful box to dry out.  I decided to check on them today and discovered . . . mould.  The entire box was filled with mould.  Yuck.  I know that petals let off moisture as they dry so you're supposed to hang them until they're all dried, but the first set of blossoms in the box dried beautifully.  Don't know what happened to the rest.  Sigh . . . at least my memories aren't mouldy yet.
1	I got new shoes!  *happy goodness*  YAY YAY YAY!  ... in other news, my room smells like ass.  I don't know why, but it does.
1	Well, I may not have saved the bunny, but I saved a birdy! My cat brought in a little field sparrow, but it wouldn't fly away, so I put it in a little box in my room for about an hour, and then it flew away. :) That made me happy.
1	i can't get over how much i love new york and how it is the perfect place for me to be.  i find that i don't really get bored and even when i do i know i can just go outside and not be bored anymore.  i love listening to music and walking around.  i love being able to see my friends so easily.  i love being on my own, doing what i want and trying to be responsible.  right now i just need to get registered (my schedule, if the classes i want stay open, is pretty awesome) and find a job (please hire me, whole foods!).    i'm reading harry potter and the goblet of fire right now.  i love harry potter!  the books are so exciting.  i just recently finished the third one and i can't wait to see the movie now (my school is showing a screening of it in a few weeks).  the fourth one isn't as great, so far, but i hear the fifth one is amazing.  i can't wait!  so all in all i'm really happy right now.  and i feel really lucky that i can say that.
0	So I have seen the movie The Notebook now two times...The second time was partly not by choice...Come to think of it...Neither of the occasions when I saw it where they by choice...Now, thats not saying I regret...I'm not afraid to admit that I enjoyed it...I am a very sensitive guy...It was a good movie...It was a happy/sad movie...  School is almost through...I have this week and then I am done...Thank God...If you ever have the opportunity to partake of the Summer classes...Please decline...  I've also learned that running through fields with no shoes on at night makes your feet bleed...Crazy, I know, but it is true...I am living and bleeding proof...Who knew there were such sharp objects in fields...I didn't apparently...
0	The site appears to be down, as of sometime last night. All the files are still intact, it's just giving unusual 403 Forbidden errors.  If the site's still down tomorrow, I'll bug the host to see what's up.
1	...maps, and street maps are a particular favorite. We're not talking Ptolomeus here, but modest, affordable stuff, first half of the 20th century stuff (Bartholomew's & the such). Most of my finds come from the most unlikely places, including street book fairs in Hampstead and charity shops.The maps were generally a snatch (in my oppinion). A typical case of "I fancy it, nobody else does -yet-". But looking at  this chi-chi website , and judging by the prices of the rest of their stuff, I can't help feeling pleased with myself, and I guess I'll keep an eye on them, just out of curiosity, when they finally put up their map prices.
0	   I AM MOVING IN APRIL!!!        &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;     It isn't fair, i mean...........       &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;     First i am completley overwelmed with h.w., and now this.       &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;     ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....................        &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;     I am sure gonna miss you guys though.  
1	At long last, an entry about our trip to  "Las Vegas"  two weekends ago.  We had a fabulous time.  And there are photos, too!
1	woo fall out boy &lt;3 (      let_it_burn   )  also - i have an interview in the tinderbox tomorrow morning. i love that place.
1	Update time. I would make a little music quiz, but people are geting sick of them and I dont have enough friends to do them. Big River is kick ass. The cast and everyone rock. Y am I there. I was listing to David, horace and justine sing there song. OMG! Put me right to shame. OMG! KUNG FU FIGHTING dance remix just came on. LOL sorry. Back to big river. The show rox. Everyone has to come see it. CAPT still sucks. I will be taking math over. DAMN. I want to go see a few shows soon. Thoroughly Wicked Hairspray, Little Woman, All shook up, Dirty Rotton scoundrels and a few concerts here and there. lol. Vacation in less then 2 weeks. YES!!! But whatever. Im hoping to see a show over vacation. WOOT! Com mi amiga. WOOT! Its late. I need to sleep. Not spell checking. Good Night
0	Mitch Hedberg  died .  Is it a bad thing that I'm more sad that a comedian died over the pope?
1	 Woo! I got her single, finally. My mom said she'd get it for me when I got my report card... if I had good marks.&nbsp;Apparently they were good enough for her, so I got it.    And now I must go listen to it.    Farewell! *waves* 
0	This is  not  how I prefer to trim my friends' list.  Goodbye, Jonathan.   Ave atque vale.
1	 weeeeee my cousin monica had her baby gabrielle/a (im not sure which) charlize castro. i'm not sure of the spelling of her middle name. my uncle charlie passed away last year (or has it been two years now? gah!) and im sure the name is in remembrance of him. i want to see i want to see i want to seeee im pretty damn positive shes beautiful. monica is and her husband is an attractive guy.  hmm...lets see.. monica is a halfer (her father was white) and richard is mexican so that means the lil one is only 1/4 white? huzzah for phasing out the white and going back to a pure race. ;)  (totally kidding here btw)        &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;     (or am i?!?)  
0	and we complete another round on the merry go round with all the pretty horses going up and down the music played by a big brass band it all seems to fit in the palm of my hand   dizzyness pervails.  the darkness sets in with the setting of the sun.    suddenly, the carnival isn't so fun anymore.  so why does it seem like everyone else is having a good time?  here's a hint: they didn't ride my carousel.
1	I  nailed  that archaeology presentation today. The other members of my group told me I was amazing, random people in the class told me I was amazing, and after class Conor Newman (whom I fangirl way more than it is proper to fangirl your professors) told me I was amazing.   And now I'm done with two more classes and the world seems like a  much  better place.
1	Last night       lawdogman    and I watched Ray. All I can say is Jamie Foxx deserved that Oscar. It wasn't until near the end of the movie when I remembered that I was watching an actor, not the man himself.  It was well directed and very interesting.  Not necessarily something I would own or run out to watch again. But I am oh so glad to have seen it. It's one of those films that keeps your attention and lets you walk away feeling more educated about the world.   This film gets 4 stars in my book!
1	It's been four days now that Spring has decided to make a grand entrance with much better temperatures and shiny sun. Yay!! Trees are blossoming in the streets! Double yay!! :)  Now I just need to remember to take my sunglasses along again when I go out because sun with no sunglasses = ophtalmic headaches. I know that, I really do, I just got giddy with Spring fever today.
1	mm sleepy. going to bed soon. today was ALRIGHT.. nothin big. aj gave me a spike for my labret though. cutie pie. i need to visit coral! and tomorrow should be fun. the show and drinking n stuff. :) so yea. blake neil and alex are watching some wax museum movie.. wtf. it was made in like 1933 and then they are watching the remake that was made in 1955 or something. and then they are going to watch the new one when it comes out wtf you guys. sweeeet. :s not! hahaha.  so yea. &lt;3 :)
1	i love boy meets world. i mean, what other show puts the monkees back together as a band? this show rocks.   i think my west nile is going away. i finally have energy! i'm not at the star like i'm supposed to be. ahahaha, they think i'm dead.  my boy sent me a huge bouquet of flowers yesterday. why? just to make me smile. he's wonderful.  i want to see that movie 48 hours later or 28 days later or whatever it's called. granted i have no clue as to what it's about, i just want to see it. and pirates of the caribbean. that too. let's go.
1	Well, first entry here! I'm so excited about this, it's gonna be so fun! Right, I'm Claire and I've yoinked Omi. Let's have fun with this!  Ja!
1	Helllo.  On Senior Night... providence played against winward. I was excited because i knew Percy Miller aka LIL ROMEO went to that school and played on varsity. But I was disappointed because he didn't show up. But then he does like after the second half!!! All fashionably late. And so did Master P. That was cool for awhile. I would post a picture of him shooting his freethrows but i lost my camera. goddamit. he ain't that good of a bball player btw.  i lost my camera. mother effer. i had a lot of cool pictures on there that i wanted to myspace. wtf.  bola and anna are hilarious drunk.  i have a crush on my optomotrist.  i'm going to PF CHANGS now yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
0	the weekend was good, i'm glad i got to see lukas, it's been a while, i missed school on monday and that made it a 4 day weekend for me, so on friday i can't remember what happened..i think we got let out early cause of a firedrill, saturday leo came over, and we chilled and ahd a lot of fun until sunday night, he left i was bored. then on monday lukas came over and we chilled a bit, wtch like 3 movies (Bully, fight club and bad santa) ((reaaally great movies.))and on tuesday he left around 4 and i got bored again, so i decided to go to bed at 1.30a   that brings us to today..no fun, i have the quarterly exams tomorrow and friday..woopee but yeah i'm fine with it, i just have to study..here goes math and social studies.
1	Everything you need you already have. You are complete right now, you are a whole, total person, not an apprentice person on the way to someplace else. Your completeness must be understood by you and experienced in your thoughts as your own personal reality."
0	I wish I was pretty...I wonder what it would be like to beautiful even for just a day. I would give (almost) anything in the world to know.
0	This is an icon set I did in honor of the 10th anniversary of Kurt's death. Enjoy.   1.       2.   3.   4.   5.     Made by  Crimson . X-posted to:  1cons, _icons_, cranfruit_icons, gothicons, iconrequests
1	        Dance Ontario's Dance Weekend  is Finally here!!!            Come join us at the Harbourfront Center this weekend and see what's happening in the world of dance in Ontario! Check out the best from Toronto's leading dance companies/choreographers such as the  Danny Grossman Dance Theatre ,  Terrill Maguire ,  COBA ,  DanceFuzion , the  Arabesque Dance Company , and much much more! Dances range from ballet and bharatanatyam, baroque, jazz, hip-hop, flamenco, African, Middle Eastern, modern, Chinese and Korean folk dances, and even award-winning films from  Moving Pictures Festival of Dance and Film on Video !!  And all for a minimum donation of   $5 !      Info:  www.danceontario.ca  or  (416) 204-1083 or (416) 973-4000     
1	Last night during supper the phone rang. I decided to answer it even though we were eating. Well I am so glad I did. It was my old friend Nessa! I havent really talked to her in five years. I saw her last winter at Parkside, but it was only for a few hours. Well over the past five years a lot has happened to her. She has now been married for three years and with her husband for five years. They have a two year old daughter and live in Jacksonville NC. It was so great to see her last night and the best part is that she will be in town for three months! So maybe we can catch up on old times.
1	i'm selling a copy of mst3k volume 5 on ebay for $24.99.  it's a dvd and in perfect condition.  photos are on the site.    http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?Vi ewItem&category=617&item=6316815817&rd=1 
0	I just felt like a bloody fool in front of him.  Captain of TPJC climbing team.  "He's damn good."  "What a thrashing."  "Got 2nd at rockmasters with no climbing experience."  "He's got a lot of technique, tall and quite shuai."  What a shock I received. I didn't expect him to be  that  good.  What more could I say? Essentially just jaw dropping.  Climbing is his world. What is mine to challenge his.
0	  This is from here:    http://insider.tv.yahoo.com/insidetrack/m alkin/        JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE  had a full house for his birthday party on Monday night -- in more ways than one. Dozens of JT's pals -- including girlfriend  CAMERON DIAZ ,  LEONARDO DiCAPRIO ,  TOBEY MAGUIRE  and  MAROON 5  frontman  ADAM LEVINE  -- packed it in at the singer-turned-actor's Hollywood abode for an all-night poker party. "I left at 3 am and it was still going strong," one party-goer tells me. "Justin didn't leave the table once all night." Did Timberlake strike gold? Not really. "He's not that good," the party-goer says. "But Tobey is another story. He really can play." Still no word, however, on where Timberlake will be on Sunday, the one-year anniversary of the infamous wardrobe malfunction.      ... Does this mean that there's no hope that any of the other guys were there?&nbsp;      &nbsp; 
1	Okay, so I get home and see what's waiting???  A K2000 just for me!!! Yep, it came... I only made one mistake: a trusted the label (which said it could be connected to 220V current!) and plugged it in, then the fuses, well, fried. I have to change that power supply. But that as something I already counted on, no big deal. Plus, as I opened it, I already took the Orchestral and Contemporary ROMs, so I can plug them into the K2600. I am a happy bunny!!! Later today I'll try to change the current to the power supply, and if I can't I'll take it to one dealer...  I also opened the mailbox to find... the books from Musicnotes!!!  How cool this Friday is being???  No... Don't answer that...
1	Guess what?! The ever fantabulous       tragicflawcom    (Hayley) bought me a paid account! Now I'm one of the "cool" kids ;) I get more user pics, which I so need lol because I'm an icon WHORE and I get to have a custom header, AND mood theme!  THANK YOU HAYLEY!!! &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3  PS: I won something again!  
1	hopefully going to get wasted tonight!  yay! only not as much as last time so i won't ruin my life again.     we'll see.
1	I feel so good about myself...its the strangest thing because I usually detest my very presence..
1	 dude i realized that i shouldn't make fun of those people anymore. you know.. the ones that go     "*~*~*~*~!wUz HuP y0! mAhDD LuBzZ tEw MaH h0mE gUr1zZ aN bRoZz iN diFfrEn aR3a c0dEzZ///mAhDD LuBzZ tEw YeWoO gUiz fAh shOOz*~*~*~*~*~*~PaYcE bEbBiEzZ*~*~"    cuz i realize. those are the junior highers. and i'm on junior high staff. i should stop making fun of them. man im so mean! im a horrible person! tears    SORRY JUNIOR HIGHERS! &lt;---- official apology    ANYWAY    im so sad. there's no more time for summer. oh well. time to get started on my education!!! the REAL part of my education    ah so sleepy.. goodnight    ANGIE! TODAY WAS FUN AT SOAK CITY!!! =) I LOVEYOU! HAVE FUN WITH THE KIDS.. TELL THEM I"LL MISS THEM.. AND IF YOU NEED HELP OR HAVE QUESTIONS CALL ME!! OHH.. AND i lEFT THE HARRY POTTER BOOK AGAIN.. CAN YOU BRING IT FOR ME? =) thank you very much =)    josh and kevin you suck you got to stay longer. =8[ 
1	this will always be my favorite picture.         upcoming shows.  saves the day hellfest chicago warped tour skate fest detroit warped tour maybe ccr
0	dami kong iniisip...   bagal ko kasi eh...  parang kung paano ako mag type...  ganon kabagal...  ay basta nakakaasar... dami kong sinayang.. tangaaaaaaaaaaaaa...   at least I learn...  Pls Lord sana masaya summer ko
1	    hahah come on its 11:20 and iam at my parents place.. pissed. You have to laugh. The fukking sad thing is ive been on holidays for the past two weeks and ive spent soo much time here... lack of funds augh it kills me.  let me think... hshahah i wish i could hey. but honestley this is probley a really bad time for me to be "TRYING: to type anything.   Maybe some other time!'  xoxo the girl they called caitlin.
1	Wow, it's snowing ... lightly. Awesome! Study break!
1	life is so crazy! i have been working about 40 hours a week and going to school, church and babysitting the rest of the time. but i did manage to get out with lee on sat. night. we saw 50 firsts dates and ate at mimis. vanessa and tim went, it was fun.  i am stoked because in like 3 weeks i will be on my way to flordia to see my jenn and melissa suder! YAY!!!   i have decided to go to university of new mexico. bessy and i are going to live together, and i am sooo excited. i cant wait to move out and do what i want!
1	guess what??   Im up for company manager!! i think i have a good chance of getting picked too because im super responsible and people like me in the company cuz im always nice to them!! it would be a lot of extra work but i love being busy and it would look awesome on my resume and i would be manager of a DANCE COMPANY!!!!  vote for me in 2004!!!      Lizzie
1	Tried some new stuff this weekend.  We got an XBox (finally).  Only played one really bad game, Bad Boys, but figured it was a good place to start learning all the buttons.  Tonight will probably be a game of ESPN Hockey (what's that?) that samsynn gave brent372 for his birthday.  I can see how it can be addicting!  Also tonight, Indian food with samsynn and chardosha and her significant other (don't think hes on here.)  It was quite yummy!!  Definitely have to do that again!  Spent the day with our friend who is planning our wedding.  Got quite a bit accomplished, but still have a long way to go!  Brent keeps reminding me that its six months away...he has no idea how fast that will go! (I love you, baby!)
1	Ive been trying to find this site for-eva. Dont you know it took going into '02 of my journal. Typical...well hell, i found it. *SOOOO HAPPY*  http://flem.keenspace.com/d/19990418.ht ml 
0	... never try to re-read and summarize "The Cold Equations" when you're already feeling sad and scared and blue.
0	Thanks for all your well wishes.  Sorry I'm replying to each of them but I'm exhausted.  Bagel does have a herniated disk in his back.  This is causing the signals from his feet to/from the brain to get interrupted, thus his back legs not working so well.    I'm taking him to acupuncture this evening.  If I don't see results, he will need surgery.  He needs to be crated no matter what.  I have to take his food/water to him.  and carry him out to pee.  Those of you who know, this will be tough.  He's gotten used to coming and going as he pleases.  So far, he has not peed this morning.  I a little worried.  The vet said he would eventually.  He hasn't pooped since yesterday.  Again the vet said if he doesn't by tomorrow, then there is a problem.  Needless to say, both of us are a bit tired right now.  All this dr stuff is wearing.
1	So, I have an interview tomorrow... which means I might have a job... which means money... which means... PGSM DVDs can be ordered!  Yay!  I don't care if they're the Chinese knockoffs... it's still PGSM on DVD with English subtitles.  That's good enough for me.  :D
1	Baby, I'm a Graduate!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	well, i'm almost packed up & we're leaving tomorrow afternoon! We're going to stop a few places along the way & see some friends. Then we'll finally be home :) Cheryl wants to have a welcome home party on saturday night at the clubhouse, so we're hoping to see everyone there! We gave away all our furniture today, so this is pretty difficult to write, so I'll write about our trip when we get home :)
1	This weekend was great.  I got to ride on a harley, shoot handguns in a quarry and fix a car!  My kitty remarked afterwards that I had been converted to a redneck.. :P We went to his dad's for the weekend, in iowa.  It was lots of fun, and of course the nice weather helped too.  First time I haven't felt cold on a bike!
1	so things are finally looking up. chances at new friendships. chances at more than friendships. i cant wait for what comes next. i work 1230-630 tomorrow :( im not looking forward to it. its the slowest time of the day and i know no one else will be working with me so i will be bored and lonely. you should come visit me. :) sooooo many great things coming up this week/weekend. damn dustin..hes probably watching bright eyes about now. lucky bastard. :) well im going to bed...yes bed before nine. haha. goodnight i love you all!!!  p.s. congrats kyle on the new computer. 
0	March 10, 2005: My dog returns from her second visit to the vet, after we discover she's throwing up and can't walk on her hind legs without stumbling. It was to my total shock and surprise to learn that my dog, the dog I have loved for 15 years, now has cancer in her liver and pancreas, however the cancer resides more in her liver... this as you can imagine is not good news.  All we can do is just make her as comfortable as we can until her time to leave us comes.  I'll miss you when you leave us Lucy, I hope God takes good care of you, you have been such a WONDERFUL little dog.... I love you.
1	In Temple for Easter. Went for mexican food ( "wo, nachos"  &lt; /beavis-n-butthead&gt;) and to see a movie (Miss Congeniality 2; movie was good, Sandra bullock is hot; that is all) with Whitney, a girl i went to high school with.  hmm.  maybe if i have to move back to Temple after college (in a month and a half) it won't be all bad...  *smile*
0	Yeah, so I go into work today and find out that one of my co-workers was shot last night. It just totally freaked me out because that same night we were working together and joking around and then goes and gets shot. By the fucking POLICE!! They really havent said much in the papers or on the news so I'm probably gonna see if theres a better article tomorrow and post it. But in short, he threw a butchers knife (which I beleive he got from the kitchens at work) at the police, and they shot at him 8 fucking times, and hit him 5 times! He's got a bullet lodged in his spinal cord, hes paralized (as of now) and has a bullet in his lung. Yeah..........
0	   Today has been a year sence a dear friend died..          &nbsp;        &nbsp;      Alan Robert Wells          &nbsp;         &nbsp;    &nbsp;    &nbsp;      You'll never be forgotten          &nbsp;        &nbsp;        &nbsp;      Rest In Peace hon   
1	And tonight, everything is wonderful.  Obviously, I'm weird.
0	The first science fiction I remember is Dad reading me Andre Norton's Daybreak 2034 (or something like that).  It was some of the first science fiction he read, when he was a teenager.  Since then I've read and loved quite a few of her books, including Crystal Gryphon and Jargoon Pard.  She started her writing career in 1934 and she was still writing.  So, I am quite sad to say she died yesterday.  I have to reread my favorites by her.    http://www.cnn.com/2005/SHOWBIZ/books/0 3/17/obit.norton.ap/index.html 
0	Why are there so many ugly people in the world?  I'm not ugly.   There's more to this entry, I just need to gather it in the back of my throat before I spit it out.  You may not like what I type out.
0	 some times i cant help but think that the world would be so much better without me in it...    whats the point of fixing things, if everything in my life goes wrong? 
1	i saw the battle of gettysburg my uncle was a part of it he was a member of the georgia howitzers he shot a canon. afterwords i saw dead men rise then the sixteenth president stood on the bleachers and give a speech that was one tenth the length of his predecessor  i then went home and saw trees hunched over with broken spines acidic osteoporosis the chiquita banana lady must have broken her neck too it turns out that it takes two years for a farm to revolt but the animals on the farm did it in under a hundred pages. all animals are created equal, some are more equal than others  i think i am weird, last night i took some drugs and now i want to be different i watched a moving moon and want to retreat into my old ways i started to reverse myself, i cut my right hand instead of my left i wish you a good morning
0	i don't understand why people talk about other people behind there back. it just doesn't make any since. I just come to church to worship god but at the same time it really does hurt when people decide to talk behind your back and you don't understand why they are doing that. i'm happy that i'm hanging out with some of my friends tonight because i know that it will get my mind off of the things that are going on and i plan on having fun. HAPPY HALLOWEEN. loves
1	Constantine is showing at 7:40pm at the  West Olive 16  tonight.  Let's meet in the lobby/ticket area around 7:15 so people have time to get their tickets.  If you've got any questions, comment or call my cell.  Knowing us, we'll probably end up at Denny's afterwards.  I'll see you guys there!
1	i so have 2 nine inch niles tickets! thank you mr postman!
1	The SUN came out today! I was sitting in my room doodling when, without warning, someone turned on the lights. I blinked in confusion for a good 5 seconds before realizing that there was sunlight splashing into the room and lighting up the world. I ran to the window like a little kid in time to see it peaked over a building and hitting a gnarled, moss-colored tree outside my window.   If this keeps up, we may have stars tonight! ~Kigs
1	1. I really really like poems ;) 2. I think everything is symbolic. EVERYTHING.  3. I FREAKING CAN'T WAIT FOR KAUAI!!!!!!! OMG 4. KENDAL I MISS YOU!!!!!!!!!! and us trying to be ambi.... and learn the words to ice ice ;) 5. SCHOOL IS ALMOST OVER. HOLY SHIT.
1	Found a video of the flame lighting.       So check it out.  Apparently there  was  an electical problem with the disc part of the cauldren - thankfully they got it fixed quickly.  It was exciting to read of a SILVER medal in the TRIATHLON already and to hear Thorpe breaking a record in the 400M heats.
1	    1. Name: Siobhan 2. Age:15 3. Location:&nbsp; long island, New York 2. 10 favorite bands: matchbox 20, rem, oar, keane, oasis, the shins, the cure, the doors, flogging molly,&nbsp; bright eyes,  3. 5 bands you dislike: cky, ashlee simpson, hoobastank, tatu, sum41 4. 5 Movies you enjoyed: ferris bueller, breakfast club, 16 candles, pretty in pink, napoleon dynamite 6. 3 books you like: gossip girl, the davinci code, harry potter 7. 5 things you like: ireland, clothes, pictures, humor, having fun 8. 5 things you dislike: arrogance, racism, sneaky bull shit, the drama of all girl catholic schools,liars    9. Something interesting about yourself: I've been doing irish dancing for 10 years, I play guitar, drums, and the tin whistle. I watch Law and Order on a regular basis *ppl laugh*    10.&nbsp;Post 3-6 recent and clear pictures of yourself:    
0	I feel incredibly bad. I finally get to work only to find out that a good friend has to have her dog, Sierra, put down today due to cancer (Which is an unexpected surprise. Yesterday it was just salmon poisoning.) Thank GOD she didn’t have to deal with me waltzing in half a day late with MY dog. I can’t imagine what I can do to make her feel better --maybe stopping by her house on the way home isn’t the greatest of ideas.
1	just got some of the options fixed.  this site is really cool
1	ooo we have mucho adobe programs on the school computers  muahahaha *plays plays plays*  Edit: the library lady is being a bitch!   she keeps giving me hateful looks because I was helping this girl make a layout for her syphilis project :P *and we were giggling a bit over "the joys of syphilis" *   then she tells me to get my water off the counter "because it shouldn't be here anyways"     pbbbbhhttt *smack smack*   batty old coot she looks like a bulldog.   :P
1	MUHAHAHAHA (evil laugh) I am updating while in class. Don't you just love it when your class goes to the library? I do, well a lot is going on and I will update more in depth when I have the time but I think I see my teacher coming. (MUHAHAHAHA)
1	       You scored as  Leonardo . You need to relax and realize that life should be fun as well as orderly.  Your organization and willingness to be perfect will help you along the way, but sometimes you can be very annoying to others.       Leonardo             75%       Donatello             75%       Raphael             50%       Mater Splinter (The Rat)             43%       Michaelangelo             36%       April O'Neil             36%        Which teenage mutant ninja turtle are you?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	Chipotle, Godiva, Martini and Rossi, flowers, and a hand drawn picture of the cutest girl in the world (me).  All things that make this Valentine's Day a wonderful day.  I would say more, but words are silly and superfluous.
1	Oh my God!!! This makes me so happy!!! :-D   http://www.variety.com/VR1117919351.htm l 
0	Some days i feel good about myself, and others i feel gross, ugly, fat. not good enough. according to the average male im probably not thin enough, not tan enough, boobs not big enough, not blonde enough, not cute enough, and i probably dont dress slutty enough, or im not trendy enough *shrugs. well its how i feel anyhow. its hard to live up to whats considered "beauty". even tho its a sell out, overdone, and fake. im so close to just being another clone. my individualism holds me back, but where is it getting me?
0	When I was a kid, my absolute favorite movie was Savannah Smiles. I was only around 5, but I just loved that movie and I loved the little girl that played Savannah (Bridgette Andersen). I thought she was just the coolest. I think maybe she started my obsession with wanting blonde hair too. I've always wondered what happened to her but never saw her in anything else. Well, I randomly decided to look her up on  IMDB  today and it says she died of a drug OD in 1997! That is so sad! She was so cute. *sigh* Makes me want to watch the movie again. I just can't figure out why the fuck people get so involved in drugs! Pot, yes, but everything else, no.
1	Yea well my cousin is having her baby tonight. She's expected to deliver before midnite. YEAH!! Plus my friend might be able to take her baby home this weekend. She delivered like 2 months early so she's been having a tough time right now. But anyways... very exciting news!!  Yea I guess that's bout all that's happened so far so... yea.
0	Wow, I'm hella late... but seeing that shit that went on in the hide community during his birthday almost made me cry.  It's people like that them add to my urge to hate all humanity.
1	(From       tapestry01   )  1. Stop talking about politics for a moment or two. 2. Post a reasonably-sized picture in your LJ, NOT under a cut tag, of something pleasant, such as an adorable kitten, or a fluffy white cloud, or a bottle of booze. Something that has NOTHING TO DO WITH POLITICS. 3. Include these instructions, and share the love.   
1	Some pics of the baby and his daddy -          Even though we NEED to return some videos, and I am desparate for a coffee, I wouldn't interrupt this for anything in the world.!
1	So I was lookin thru here and I realized that I wasent sure if I got in this community or not. If not that is fine. I jus wanted to know, and sorry if I am buggin.   Oh yes N I hope your husband gets better dear!! 
1	wow, scare of my life.  Now i understand why mothers fret so much.  I am not saying i am a mother, i just worry.  My cat was gone all day, and didn't come in last night, i was freaking worried!!!!! But now he's home, thank god, and meowing his face off cause he wants some cuddles :D  My first class tomorrow is at 1:15, cause accounting was cancelled!!!!!! WEEEEEEEEEEEE  and my room is super clean, and i can start painting!!! and i have a new  series to read!  and my parents are gone!  LIFE IS GRAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!! love ya all.   with exceptions to some 
0	So... I was going to Club lash, but Elise isn't going... so now I'm not. I'm a little dissapointed but ... oh well.
1	I had a weird dream last night.  My mother and grandmother were listening to Rammstein.  And there were the normal dragonflies and ultimate.  Home tourney today.....  gotta go get ready
1	yesterday was a good day!!!!! thank God !!!! anyways I hung out with Dee, Joe and Matt, awww it was soo cute . Matt Kissed mee. Me + happies, also i talked to mia sorella ,megan awww on the thirteenth she coming with me to the Rev church LOL . Funn funn. Today me is getting cake mix for the REV B-day and Speghetti for our italian dinner when ever that is LOL.  laterdays  *TaRa*(iheartadam)
1	What can I say about an entire weekend with a certain hobbit-like lambda chi?  I'd been working myself to death and needed a break.  Justin and I decided this would be a good weekend for a visit.  We had a lot of fun, even though most of the stuff we had planned was outdoors and it rained a lot.  No zoo, sadness, maybe when he comes back in July...We stopped by a few graduation parties, went downtown, ate at Ted and Wally's, had a cookout (it stopped raining for like 2.5 on Sunday)with my brother and sister-in-law, watched "Big Fish", played lots of Scrabble, and hung out with some friends.  I had missed him so much.  I get to see him again in two weeks when I go down to good ole Huntsville on the 12th.   My parents want to go down to St. Louis this summer in August before school starts as a sort of vacation type of thing.  I'll finally get to see what all the buzz about the STL is about;) Training for camp starts tomorrow morning.  Yay for Hummel!
1	Happy 55th birthday to my mom! :-) now im gonna go try and bake a cake 8-/ this should be interesting!! hehe
1	College has started again.  This semester I'm going to be doing: CS4416 Database Systems (Michael O'Neill) CS4816 Artificial Intelligence (Niall Griffith) CS4146 Document Architectures (Richard Sutcliffe) CS4156 Introduction to Applied Digital Signal Processing (Paddy Healy, Donncha O'Maidin) CS4566 Requirements Engineering (NoraH Power)  Got my results from last semestor (2 A1s, an A2, 2 B1s)  Jocelyn Bell Burnell (discoverer of pulsars) gave a presentation here today, 'twas interesting.  Gave my room a bit of a clean yesterday. Sorted out my things, and threw out all the old stuff I didn't want to keep any more.
1	Thanks to the wonder that is       stupidis   , I'll be on the radio this Wednesday!  The morning show at  WOCM 98.1 FM  will interview me about  CrochetMyCrotch.com  at 8:50 a.m. EST (or, say, 1:50 p.m. in the UK *winks at Mark, the Resident British Guy*) on Wednesday, April 13.  Thanks to the wonder that is the Internet, you can listen to me  here , even if you're not remotely close to the broadcast area.  Okay, I've restrained myself pretty well so far.  SQUEEE!  ...  Carry on.
1	My sweet orc sends me nice things!  Now I have an inspiration to clean out my "in" box and open the mail :)  And despite what some people say, my "in" box is NOT scarier than flesh eating zombies, well not too much scarier.
1	We got the place!!!!!  I called this morning and we got it!!!!  Just need to tell Rich, and we'll be golden.  AND! To top it all off, we qualified for the 1st 2 months @ 1/2 rent!!!  We'll have an address and what not later on in the week.
0	im going to canada, for in canada, there is no Bush, and a liquor license waiting for me
0	this week is being erased.  I'm now unsure about even leaving my apartment this weekend.
1	a big  Happy Birthday  goes out to:          lilaclick    brandi  and        vegastar    evan!    YAY! xoxo!  
1	  I had a pretty good start to the break... slept in until, ohh about 10:30 and chilled on the couch until when I went out with andrew... had some good times there. Then we came back and watched basketball until like 4:30... also some more good times.      Kelly somehow roped me into helping her friend tomorrow... shes doing some kinda survey for her work, and I have to help get people to take it for 6 hours, not fun... I will get 60 bucks out of it, but I'm just soo lazy! and I don't feel like getting out of bed.      So I guess thats my day tomorrow... eww. But today was great, I love sitting around and doing nothing:)      I'm going to go take a nap...  
0	i'm pretty depressed about all of this really. i don't even have words yet to express my disappointment.  so yeah.  my house has a dog now, mickey, he's sleeping on my bed. he's a lab/dalmation mix.  i don't want to go to school anymore.
0	Well I'm depressed if you couldn't tell by my mood guy thing there.  It has to do with a friend of mine.  His name's Fox and is older then me.  We're been talking for about a month and i guess I started looking up to him.  Thing is, he's so active with his life but I'm not.  I don't do alot but at the same time I know there isn't much to do here.  He's got a job and bandcamp which he'll be at for 12 hours every day for the rest of the week.  That's not why im depressed though.  We RP and thats cool, but im afraid to talk to him. Since I obviously look up to him I think everytime I talk to him I'm bugging him.  He's just so widely popular and known and I just feel like i'm being a burden to him.  I dunno...maybe I'll E-mail him my thoughts.
0	I just failed my Algebraic Topology final.  Maybe I shouldn't be in graduate school.  I think I'm gonna die.
1	I did this a couple of times and have found that my mundane names give me fun answers . . . But when I saw who the mortal lover was? Lead me ON!       Which Pagan Goddess Are You? by kira_may      Name?           Age?           You are:           You favourite trick:    Messing with the love lives of mortals      Your feeling towards mortals:    They get boring after awhile      When you sleep with mortals, your lover is:           Mortal you'd most like to smite:    Anyone who has ever harmed Sean Bean in a movie               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	It appears that offering genuine thanks is considered "sucking up" by some. Tossers.  Although it should be noted that it's not the people being thanked that think so, but others reading...
1	We are supposed to receive over a foot of snow tomorrow!  I can't wait, I love the snow!
0	So the US movie industry is so shitty that I can't watch my pretentious foreign French films on my DVD player?  Yeah, I know where you can shove your "regions"   &gt;= ( 
1	all of sylvia plath's poetry are either about blood or bees.
0	Progress on the tonsils has been SLOW. Stupidly slow. I think i'm going to up my antiobiotics a tiny bit, to hopefully help things move along. I'm still having trouble swollowing solid things, but its a tiny bit better than yesterday.  That being said, I do believe I will be going on my first ever business trip™. As long as I can chew gum and take a nap, everything should be alright. I'll make the final decition tomorrow morning. I wonder if i can get them to give me a row all to myself. It be nice to lay down, and also not have to bug people with my gagging as I try to eat the carrots sticks. :-/  It be neat if I could wear some surgical mask, ala Micheal Jackson.  Anyway. Anyone have ideas on what I should be eating? I'm so sick of chicken soup. Can i venture into the delicious world of ice cream? I'm guessing the cold would numb some of the soreness.
1	Tommorrow I'm going hillwalking again :)  This time it's Ben Vrackie:          Ben Vrackie, or or the "Speckled Mountain", is near Pitlochry and I've always wanted to go up that way. Apparently it's a very pretty part of Scotland.  It's not a Munro.  It's a Corbett (smaller than a Munro) -and is 2759ft.   Ben Vrackie is nice to say.  It's not quite as tongue twisting as "Buachaille Etive Mor" -       laura_w    will be disappointed :-P
0	I miss everyone. I told him to take me home. He said we still have a place to go. He said if I was really good patient kitty, we'd be back home soon. But I want to go back right now. RIGHT NOW!  I don't like it out here. Somethign feels...wrong about it. But Juriel says that this is a place where the books say Faeries are most likely to be. I don't like them. I don't liek the weird hill and the round circle of muchrooms.
0	I don't know what to do anymore... I don't like what i'm doing in school now, so i want to change to something else.   But the class i want is at a private school, it costs alot ($$$), you need to pass auditions/interviews, my grades aren't that good and it's pretty far away...  Sooo... I probably won't be accepted lol. I'd try to find something else, but my parents won't let me move away and there's nothing around here i'm interrested in. I should just drop out...    ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
1	 Death Cab for Cutie/ The Decemberists/ Stars   Central Park Summer Stage (aka free!)  Thursday, 8/18/05    Anyone else excited!?   I'm also on a rediculous Wilco kick.     Songs of the Day:  Not for the Season Cars Can't Escape Panthers
0	  lost in what should have been like a feather in the wind, feeling useless as dust thats settling in. from here the future is dim perhaps because my perspective of life has became near-sighted with time; it wounded my hope. i hear the laughing and breaking of my heart as your knifes flew through the air and were flung into my heart a museum of puncture wounds, of children playing violently glad, with stars in their eyes and a nullified concept of reality...this is how love has always been       this I'll never understand, these fragments of him, within my soul eating at every particle like a virus that wont heal.&nbsp; i wince everytime i feel.       i live inside scattering memories and shattered dreams. just me and a baby and a make-beleive would have been and a&nbsp;place that crumbles in the sun like an unfinished road cracked from all the traffic.  
1	  PRETZEL BOMB 2005    On January 14th, 2005, we Americans who are furious with the current President will each send one grab-bag-sized bag of pretzels to the White House (just to show we care) at the following address:   The White House 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW Washington, DC 20500   Spread this message to every Bush-fearing person you know; post it on message boards, communities, etc. that you belong to.     Spread the word!    
1	ok so in looking for a new pc,       lojikle    suggested  VooDooPC  as an option. so i was wondering... how does  THIS  look? its actually an orange pc i recolored and puta diffrent decal on. but thats what im wodnering about. how does it look? is it teh awesome? its an  ENVY m:380 , and incase youre wondering, the finished product is something like $4300. ^-^
1	As I gaze up to the sky, I see a sky filled with stars, Seeing this, I wonder, I wonder what would happen, Wonder what would happen if you'd find me. What would you do if you'd find me? Would you be mine? Or would I be yours? Would the days be ours to pick? Could you make me happy? Would you make me feel loved? Or would break my heart? I think of all these questions,  still looking at a star filled sky...
0	This one's for you, Rodney. You don't get no respect...
0	I don't understand what they're trying to do with this show.      The Good : The dog was damn cute. He could also act. Did you see his facial expressions? He was all good. TW is really good with comedy. He should really do some comedies when this show is over. Lex told Clark to grab a stick. Ummm Lex. Lionel is back. Jason is hot. Chloe is so cute trying to keep Clarks' secret. She's much better than he has ever been. Jonathan and Krypto fighting over a bone.   The bad : The witch thing won't go away. Clark was an ass to Lex. Lois is starting to really irritate me. How does she still have a license? Also, get thy some manners. Clark didn't even try to save the other dog. I was listening to that dog whine and couldn't believe that Clark didn't even make a move. This is the superhero we're supposed to care about. Lionel's hair. What's up with that crap?   The ugly : Next week's promo.
1	so being grounded kindof sucks....but it's not that bad cuz my mom still lets me go out and do stuff, she's cool like that.  it's my dad that's the turd. and he hates thom.  poor poor thom. but then again my dad hates every boy. oh well....that's his problem not mine.  school is almost out.....thank you god.  i need out so bad.  i went home today after thrid hour cuz i was sleepy as hell.  that was nice....sleep is good...very very good.  the rhs film festival was awesome, crime and punishment was bitchin'  (does anyone even say 'bitchin' any more?)  summer is coming and it's wonderful...i have a feeling that it's gonna be one crazy kick ass summer.
1	Shawnie left me at dragon sitter whe he go see star wars movie few weeks ago. but he said I been very good dragon,  so he gonna take me wit him.  to celebrate, I play dress-up today. hardest part was makin' lightsaber. but made sure to spend time on details. even got Darth Maul print huggies.  ...what?  just because I cute lovable dragon not mean can't pretend be meanie-head bad guy sith! heehee.   
1	 E! Online's Fifth Annual Save One Show Poll Results:   Total number of votes: 686,323   1. Veronica Mars (UPN): 56%  2. Arrested Development (Fox): 9% 3. American Dreams (NBC): 7% 4. Charmed (WB): 6% 5. Life as We Know It (ABC): 5.5% 6. Tru Calling (Fox): 5% 7. Enterprise (UPN): 3% 8. Point Pleasant (Fox): 2.5% 9. Joan of Arcadia (CBS): 2% 10. North Shore (Fox): 1% 11. Jack & Bobby (WB): 1% 12. The West Wing (NBC): Less than 1% 13. Medical Investigation (NBC): Less than 1% 14. Kevin Hill (UPN): Less than 1% 15. The Wire (HBO): Less than 1%  Please, please, please UPN keep this show on the air.
1	So I am doing stuff at work that as the Security person I know is WRONG and I could get fired for.  No its not browsing porn, it chatting on AIM.  Actually i was not chatting but I connected to my home computer and Rachael told me to look at her profile when I got a chance...   This is what it said:  "Tim I love you with all my heart and soul you have made me happier than you will ever know. I cannot wait to spend forever in your arms. :-D"  Yes, those who want to say a sarcastic comment go ahead, but comments like that and things she has done for me over the past few months to just be there and shows she cares really shows me just how much she loves me.
1	Well, in the midst of all this horrid stuff, the owl that Father sent arrived. I stowed it away to open until last night (it didn't seem proper or respectful somehow) and I was pleasantly surprised.  Accompanying it was a *case* of Ogden's, properly shrunk down and glamoured and warded to within an inch of its life.  It looked like a packet of handkerchiefs, in fact, of which my Mum doubtless approved, even though I have what seems like thousands of them that she embroidered last summer before I got here.   I am now officially ready to be disreputable. I must find Mr. Moody and let him know....
1	OK I just got out of work.  What a slow night.  This is what happens at Hoyts (or auburn flagship rather) on a slow night......  1) You play I spy with my little eye, till everyone gets really frustrated and you cant guess anymore.  The out come Rob=2 Rachael =1 Alex=0  2) You play hide and go seek.  The best spot to hide, behind a video game...Rob cant find you there.  Other funny places, in the empty popcorn bin, in the cabinets behind the fantastic 4 standee, or in the boxes out back.  3) Take pictures of people in these hiding spots.  4) Play with a tie.  Like a cat would.  5) Knot the tie in many different ways around Rob's neck.  6) Listen to Rob play the fork and pan with a little bit of water in it while Magee sings a song about masturbating.  7) Drawing on paper towels and making a I &lt;3 Magee sign.  Yea so that was my night at work.  Good time.  Now its time for a little bit of chatting on IM, finishing up some homework and the sleep!!!  Night!
0	I hate it here.  I've been here for a month, and I can't stand it.  I don't like being so far away from my family.  This town is full of punks and snobs.  Work sucks.  I'm still broke.  I never have time to clean my house.  When I'm not at work, I'm so fucking tired that I can't make myself do a thing.  I never talk to anyone anymore.  No one is ever online when I have a chance to get on.  Crying every night isn't a good thing.  I just want to go home.
1	I remember as a kid that I loved the Cosby Show - but I never really caught the reruns until now.  Now that I'm watching it again, it seems like a completely different show. And, for some reason, an even better show. I think being almost 20 years older than when you first watched the show makes you catch different things, relate to the experiences a little mor differently. As I was once discussing with Efren, when you're a kid, you watch the shows and relate to the kids, and tend to be against the adults when they put limits on them. As an adult, you watch the same show and think, "Punk kids."  Right now, I'm watching the episode where Cliff takes Rudy and friends to a "nice restaurant" for lunch, and it's like the funniest thing I've ever seen. Cosby has great material when dealing with kids, but this episode is just so.. real and relate-able..
1	Well i went to Coles today for my interview. He said they have to send it away to Parramatta and i'll hear from them probably on Tuesday. So i went shopping with mum and dad then came home. A little while after we got home the phone rings and its for me. Its the woman from Coles and she says i got the job! It was like an hour after the interview. And they still had more people to interview after me. I must have been pretty impressive. So yay! I have a job!
1	My parents left for their ski holiday this morning and they won't return until next saturday. Yay! ^^ means I have the whole house on my own. Tons of pizza and pasta in the fridge. Nobody I have to tell where I go and when I'll be back... and as soon as I've tied up my brother and locked him into the closet everything will be perfect. &lt;..&lt; Gotta work during the next week though... so it won't be absolutely perfect. ^^; I hope to catch up on some drawing... I havn't been quite productive the last few months...  On another note. Carnival is starting next week and since we have a carnival party at the retirement place next thursday (whooyay &lt;..&lt;) every worker has to wear a costume... I have absoluetly no clue what to wear. I suggestetd to get myself a cloak and our neighbour's scythe to play a bit Death... but of course the boss would appreciate some less heart attack causing costumes. &lt;..
1	i love surprise parties!! i hope everything works i really suck at planning. we have cookie cake and my little pony hats and noise makers. itll be awesome. wish i could bar crawl with her and everyone else later tonight. i have four fucking months. ugh.
1	Starting monday i have a week off from school. i am so happy for that. i have no idea what i'm doing but i might just go to the city in the middle of the week to buy my books. i'm also going job hunting too.
1	Please disregard my last entry, i am happy alex now. Imagine that, happy alex.
0	everything's so saddening... i dun wish to say anymore... *boo hoo hoo* hAIz... everything's predestined. i wun say anymore *boo hoo hoo*  i'll get over it soon. hope i will anyway... if not there's no way i can carry on with life.  hAiz...
1	B and I went out today and ordered a new  Select Comfort bed .  Yay!!! Very excited.  My mom bought one of the first ones, like 10+ years ago, and it is still as comfy as the day she bought it, and one of the comfiest beds I've ever slept on.  And it's amazing how, when nearly every part of your body aches, a new comfy bed all of a sudden skyrockets in importance.  I don't know how I'm going to make it through the approximately 2 weeks until it gets here....  So, anyone want a queen size futon and boxspring?  The boxspring is in great shape; the futon has seen better days but if it were allowed to be unslept-on for a little while and shaken out probably still has some life in it.  When we bought it, it was top-of-the-line.  You can have it pretty much for coming and carting it away.  New bed yay yay yay!!!!!
0	Not looking good, it seems like a good bet Bush is gonna win with 274 votes... :(
0	I  really  wanna DDR right now.  I haven't DDRed since, err, those two times in January?  Sheesh.  This is somehow more pathetic as the club actually meets in my dorm.  Well, I gave up on the club as I've given up on most social activities this year.  Yeah, this is a rather depressing fit of senioritis, as opposed to the  kind where people actually decide to do fun things when they're feeling scholastically unmotivated.  Anywho, I should still just DDR some by myself.  But I'm a bit too swamped now :(
0	Because seriously...sometimes I feel like it should just say "Walk all over me". I guess I'm just a fucking sucker, because this isn't the first time this has happened. I swear, I'm a happy person until it comes to the opposite sex, they seriously just ruin my fucking life. Anytime I dig a girl...she almost automatically just goes for one of my friends, always. Not only that...now one of my best friends thinks that I don't want him to go to a show that I really wanted him to go to...rad. What a wonderful fucking night I had.  Anyone out there who has anything to cheer this guy up...it'd much apperciated.
0	One good thing about suffering from chronic depression: The election results aren't able to make me feel any worse than I already feel.
0	I just had a reflection over my past life and such.... I missed my old self, the point where I'm still thin, not fat like .. But i was doing heroin that time. Man... I really want to go back to my old self. I don't care, i just want everything to be like it used to be...  I feel rejected at the moment and I got no one aoround...
0	God I'm such an idiot...  At this point, there's not one move I can make in which I won't be hurting someone. I'm so sorry..  I know it doesn't mean much, and you have full justification to hate me.  I'm sorry.
1	     Would anyone want to bang you? by phobia      Name:           Favorite Food:           Wants to Bang you:           This many times:    10               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	I have 802.11G (wireless internet) in my room now.  Thats right i'm back.  Almost time for work, catch ya on the flip.
1	SO I'm seeing this guy (I'm not sure if I can change my facebook status to "in a relationship" yet) ...he's tall, smart, big blue eyes, dirty blonde hair. No not THAT one! His name is Brian and he's taking me out to dinner Thursday night and I'm really REALLY happy!
1	Wooo! I'm in! I'll be playing as soon as it installs. Anyone else in the World of Warcraft open beta? If you're not, there are still spots. Come play! =)
1	I am hunting Easter wabbit! heh heh heh heh!  Thats it! I'm done again! Have the most fantastic Easter weekend of all time! I'm off to get stoned and hear Pink Floyd! Yeah right, at least the Pink Floyd part is right.  Then its off to hermitize in the wonderful, lucious dawny Green Mountains! WOOOOOOOOO!   Have ham, go to church,color eggs (thats all on my agenda :)) but most of all give alittle thanks for the coolest men and women protecting our borders and country so we can go play! I love them all! I'm sure we should be thenkful for our own lives too, cause if your reading this, you have it alot better than many!  HAPPY EASTER!   I am OUTTA here!  COWABUNGA!
0	i find i prefer the reflection in the water to the mirror and the mask.
0	I feel kinda hurt.  I pour my heart out looking for advice on my poetry and no one seems to tell me what they think.  Could someone tell me why?  I just want other people's oppions, that's all.  I thought that's what we do in here.
1	     A 91 honda civic DX with a dual cam motor swap from an Integra LS.  It's in Bellingham, and I'm picking it up next weekend if the deal goes through.  I'm all excited, I miss my old honda but this one should be faster and much more fun.  :)
1	had a fantastic birthday weekend!!  almost too fantastic as now i feel like i'm losing my voice. in a way, that's cool because it sounds so sexy but in a way that's bad because i'm going to New York City on Thursday and have to be ready to yell....i know this upcoming weekend will also be fantastic and busy and loaded with a lot to do...i know i will love it and i know i will go back more frequently, end of July for sure...see, i'm already thinking about my next trip there and haven't even been on this one. must be the Advil Cold and Sinus that's making my mind all jumpy. too bad i couldn't think this far ahead when playing chess...  what i got for my birthday:  money a Hobo black retro looking going out clutch with pink lining Da Ali G Show on dvd David Sedaris' 'Dress Your Family in Courdorory and Denim' hugged by many including Kai Alice (btw he remembered me from like six months ago!!!) drunk kissed snogged
1	      ocean_song   , thank you so much for the adorable Easter card!  I've been sick this weekend so I didn't actually make it out to the mailbox until yesterday, and there it was, waiting for me.  I absolutely love it, and I really, really loved that it was addressed to Trista My FriendBot.  Tommy got a huge kick out of that, too.  We so need another San Miguel/coffee shop fix, with lots of gossip and laughter.  I adore you, sweetie.  Thank you for thinking of me.  *smooch*
0	In fact, it was pretty much a crap day.  The feeling of returning to square one is so depressing.  *sigh* Why raise my hopes and then dash them?  Anyway, the Chinese Essay didn't turn out as well as I wanted, and I doubt there was anything I could do about it.  And as for the interview.....urgh...that just went down the drain. I'll pretend that it never occurred and I never saw light at the end of the tunnel....
1	What a week..... monday school.... field trip.... to college fair... better than class... hahaha XDDDD tom mrs.vegas field trip uhullllllll.... and then more one day and we done...... no school for a week....  My birthday is coming up april 4.... april 18 will be one year in united states.... what a experience.... hahaha... welll anyways  my grandma called me yesterday.... she went to a beach... the last 2 weeks.... it made me fell bad cuz by this time of the year... i would be like 2 times at the beach by now... well what can i do.... ?!?! so i was looking some brazillians webpages and i found the beach where we stayed last time when i was in brazil....   How can u not miss a place like that?!?!?! tell me....... haahahahahha
0	I woke up this morning excited about the day. Ready to close this week up. Excited that I have no plans for tonight. Excited that tomorrow night I will go dancing...  ...and then disappointed. An odd cloud of disappointment and sadness crossed my mind as I began to think of people who used to be involved in my life; who used to crave time with me; who, for whatever reason, don't anymore. Some of these people so close I could practically reach out and touch them.... but apparently not close enough.  Sigh.
1	i know i need 2 post this huge review bout Blue in Rockingham..dont have time for that right now though..will do hopefully this weekend was one of the best weekends EVER, we had soo much fun and we were front row :) HOLLA     that would be ME, MEL, STONY, SILKE and the lovely LUCY talkin on the phone :)
1	Food in a can. I am washing a car in 5. Then, I don't know what. We'll see when I get there.
0	so i'm driving to school today and i hear on the radio how if your boyfriends cell phone is off he is either cheating on you, or is avoiding you. We talked today and we were fine and then i tried calling him tonight and his phone is OFF. Now im all worried that hes cheating on me. we have the best relationship a girl could ask for, besides the fact he lives 5 hours away. I honestly do not think he would really cheat on me now, but i dont know!!! i'm worried!!! i havent seen him in so long, and miss him so much. I never knew i could miss someone so much..i cant wait to go see him!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its been like 3 weeks and i still have like one and a half to go. I need help, and i really hope he calls me tonight
1	Today was pretty good.  I found my favorite pick that i had lost, i was so happie, then it sucked because how i said earler i had to do a 20 paragraph report... well i miss understood what Mr. Martindale wanted us to do... and i only had to do 5 paragraphs... i was on number 14 at the time... i was so angry.  i had dont all that work and now have to redo it.  but it got better cause i skiped the assembly and went home. then to work for six hours and got my first paycheck :D its so much fun there.  when i got home, i scared the crap outa myseif... i swear i almost tiped the truck... it was so scary, then i fixed it and it was all better. lol.  thats all that i can remember right now, if i remember sumthin else, oh well, lol.  so huh bye
1	 Volunteer work  On Monday I took in cupcakes for the kids and captains. Matt called them valentines presents and I think I blushed. Today he said he missed me yesterday because he had no one to tease. I am so back in high school.   Uni reading  I've read the first chapter of each reader and I plan on reading a couple more over the next day or so. I would really like to read everything before I go back to uni. We'll just have to wait and see what happens...   Uni timetable  I emailed my lecturers asking them if they could sign me up for my tutorials. I haven't heard from them but it's only been a day or so, so I guess I shouldn't worry yet.   Fan fiction  I really want to write a couple of chapters for both of my fics but I'm not motivated. I guess I should just let my finders wander the keyboard and see what happens.    Weekend  I have a fair bit on the weekend but knowing me something will stuff up and my weekend will be dull, dull, dull.
1	 The Killers  are going to be at City Stages this summer.  I'm there.
1	Hah, I'm awesome.  Carly wanted to work tonight, so I gladly let her have my shift...I've made a good bit of money between Friday night and Sunday morning, so I'm not too worried about money...I'm working a double shift tomorrow, so I'll have plenty of money.  I've just been sitting around my house for the past 4 hours, enjoying my Saturday night off :-)  Now I just need to do something...  There's a friend's only post coming up in a few minutes...stay tuned...
0	well My dog Max died sunday. i have been crying so much. u wouldnt believe how much. man..i could start a flood! this has been the worst week. god i miss him so much. when the doctor gave him that shot...i just wanted to die. it was weird cuz i was on the ground hugging max and crying..and he was putting his arm on my shoulder. i was sooo shocked that when my mom came out of the room...she was crying and i was listenin to my disc man and i stood up and i practicly dropped it. i was falling down on the ground. and when i saw max..i hugged him and i never wanted him to leave my arms. i still so shocked. i mean i seriously thought this day would never come. he seemed soo happy.  now my memories of him just turn into tears. my dad gave me a a pic of me and max and i also have a pic of max when he was a baby when we were little.GOD...i wish i could see him just one more time. well im gonna go *wipes a tear*    love-   angela
1	 It's my birthday today. Yay. "rejoices" I'm 15. I didn't like 14 much. It wasn't that bad of a year but "shrugs" 15 seems better.&nbsp;My brother apparently got me something but I haven't gotten it yet. My parents are taking me to a Red Sox game in May or something...that was their gift to me. I think it's a cool gift "nods" Yay it's.................................... ..............my birthday. ^^  
1	Hello Everybun,  Blueberry here.  The buck 2foot has gone to see his parents and taken me with him for a holiday.  I wanted to go as its nice to get out and about for a change.  Anyway I am now with his parents who are spoiling me rotten with lots of biscuits and green food.  Yummy!!!  I have heard that the buck 2foot is digging his own trench on an ex-ca-vation and that he has found a road made of white stuff.  He says its a romin road but |I don't think it roams much.  Anyway gotta go and watch the light up box in the corner and leave poo's all over the carpet.  Blueberry  P.s. Love to the pack from both of us
1	   Me and Dr. Smax (he's got his tickle gloves on)      My Momma (she's taste-testing a fishcicle for me)      My room-mate Larry      My Spaceship ( Fast!!! )      Evil Steves, the Amazing Edible Seatbelt 
0	sooo i thought that i was being all brave and stuff so i asked someone to prom...and i so totally got turned down    damn damn damn
1	  Well, I had all those heart tests today and I have a chest x-ray tomorrow morning. Of course I don't have any results for my tests today but I wish I did. I wanna know so I can get it over with. I have this stupid monitor on and it is hurting me so bad because she put this tape stuff over the electrodes and it's pinching my skin and hurting and itching really bad...but anyway, yesterday was a good day. I went to Nicole's and had Easter dinner with her and then we got Alex and hung out and that was great. They are both so much fun to hang out with. Me and Nicole took some pictures together in the booth thing and she stole them. lol. But it's all gravy..Nicole will be my prom date. I'm excited. :-P Never thought I'd get a date to the prom..even if it is a chick. lol. I'll get alex to go too and then I can be a pimpette..:-P lol. Anyway, I'm gonna go. I'll try to write more later because right now I plan on sleeping. Later. &hearts; Jess 
1	I just finished watching "About A Boy" starring Hugh Grant with my brother and it was absolutely WONDERFUL!! He's (Hugh Grant, not my brother) not in his typical role...well, because this isn't a typical movie. It turned out to be mature, clever, witty, sensible, honest and, most of all, really funny in such a natural way. The ending had me smiling and teary-eyed (partly because I'm sleepy, :P). "What a great way to spend 4 units of your day."     I LOVE BRITISH...EVERYTHING!!   Hmm...must obtain a copy of film in some (il)legal format...
0	He's leaving next Sunday, not next Monday. That means seven days, seven fucking days.  Nothing is ever going to be the same between us, and that scares me. I mean, I'm not saying they're going to get worse, or better...they're just going to be  different . I don't want things to change...everything's perfect just the way that it is.   ... I wish time would just come to a complete stop. 
1	Excited excited excited.. :D I'm gonna see my little boi later. Wander how he's grown. :) 5th Visit to gynae so far. Suppose to be doing the detailed scan today too. I'm not sure what's expected. But well, Juz go through motion lor :)  Hubby picking me up @ 3pm. :)
1	yesterday went to the burlesque show with peanum, britt, andrea-from high school, what a small world-. watched the show. sofia hung out with us. the show was alright. the women as sofia as posted were not very attractive, except for many 2-3. saw a few people from the bar scene. it was the usual crowd. there wasn`t many people, i think people didn`t know about it. LOE were alright, the music was good, but not loud enough-station C is big man, they could of played it much much loud, even when you were right next to the stage it wasn`t loud... oh well. we left right after LOE. i had a blast with britt:) good stuff. anyways everything apart of that is good. henraw is gorgeous cutie-pie. got home really late and britt and i talked on the phone for 2 more hours=me super tired, but it was worth it...hehe that`s all folks!
1	Today was just another day-- but that in itself is a great thing. I have security, contentment, and Love. I also found out that try outs for "Little Abner" at Pull-Tight Theater are just around the corner. Sweet. I'm still a little dazed about the whole 'the musical is over and so is your Page High acting career' thing, but Pull Tight will soon assauge that woe. I can't wait to see Mr. Jones again. (He wasn't at school today.) I just want to thank him and shake his hand for all he has done. There is much to be done.
1	I just saw it on vh1 for the first time very cool moment lol.  -Kate
1	yeah well, what did i say? every single day here lately could be nominated for the best day ever award. last night was absolutely crazy also. we scored that weed from a really good drugdealer, got like 4 grams each. really good shit, for fractions of the street prices. 4 of us went to meet felix in the airpot and gave him a good welcoming party. the three of us were talking primarily about the magnitude of the project we've successfully accomplished. namely getting to berlin at the same time. the first time this topic was brought up was in the beginning of 2003. shortly afterwards felix applied for our program and got in. a year later we did likewise and now finally we've come to a point when we can all sit down and think of how did we reach such unspeakable level of self-organization to be able to execute something as massive as that in the timeframe of two full years. we got high yesterday being proud of ourselves. meanwhile drank some beer and took good pictures. amen.
1	Hey whats going on with you all??? Im cool here!! I really didnt do that much today. I made up a flyer to people on my street so I maybe can get a babysitting job around here. That is about it! Me and my sis are chillin right now,and I really do not have much more to say but I love you all!!! Love Always   Amanda
1	Yes. i am so going to see Alexisonfire  at The Forum in Halifax!!
1	  :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)  When: March 11 Where: Section 125  (I think)  How Close: Row 12 With: Sarah, Kimmy, and Kimmy's Mom What: CLAY AIKEN AND KELLY CLARKSON ON TOUR!!! Status:    EXCITED AS HELL!!     
0	God bless America, Land that I love. Stand beside her, and guide her, Through four more years of hell.
1	I almost forgot.  I finally finished Gauntlet Dark Legacy.  I Finished every land and beat every Boss, some of them numerous times (strictly for the cash though).  I finished it this morning in total game time of 19 hours, 45 minutes ?? sec.  So I went back this evening and raised my Experience level from 83 to 99, so I my Warrior is now a  LEGEND !!!!  I guess I could keep playing with the other characters, or try to unlock each and every hidden character, but I really don't think that  would make a difference.  SO onto the other games I have.  Next I'm going to conquer either GT3 or LOTR The Two Towers.
0	Lunch has turned out to be a huge disappointment. I had a taste for Jimmy John's tuna salad sandwich, and the "closest" one to the office is about a 15 minute drive. So, instead, I opted to hit Corner Bakery, which is more like 2 minutes away, and is generally tasty and nice.  I got their "salad trio". Big mistake. I paid a $7 and change for the following: A container half filled with "field greens", ie soggy lettuce oversaturated with an overly-sweet vinaigrette; 1/3 full of a scoop of tuna salad; a pile of cold cavatappi noodles with a couple of sun-dried tomato chunks; and the "dill potato salad" which is ice-cold chunks of slightly-undercooked (yet soggy) red potatoes witha handful of dill and green onions.  Yuck.  Next time I'll do the drive.
0	          How Should Your LJ Friends Comment in This Entry?      LiveJournal Username       How many comments have you left today?           A secret must be told to you by:  hrenooo    A compliment must be left by:  newjerseygrey    However, a complaint about you should be left by:  yourheadasplode    Some song lyrics should be posted for you to guess, by:  entrancing_dawn    Also, a memory of you should be posted by:  wholsomfolsom    Ten words that bring you to mind must be posted by:  newjerseygrey    A haiku (5, 7, 5) should be written about you by:  music_genius314    An "anonymous" comment should be left by:  italianchick318                Quiz created by  Marzi  at   BlogQuiz.Net             
1	Tuesday night is the night of  Liquid Art Café , a nice (and cheap) place where I usually drink some  Tennent's  with friends. I am quite always happy on tuesday :))  I have to forget my plans of  adopting drupal , because I'll be too busy in the near future with uni. The situation of  Drupal  in Debian, however, does not seem to be too problematic, a part from a lot of debconf question which could be avoided.  I am happy to see that also this year some italian DDs  will partecipate  to the  webbit , a nice event that will take place in May.  A couple of  QA  uploads yestarday, and a funny movie,   Saving Grace . The italian translation of the title is "L'erba di Grace", which means "The Grace's grass". I wonder why it's necessary to change the meaning of movie's titles...
0	----- I do not want to go to school tommorow!  I have some very difficult tests to take.  :(  I am so stressed out!  I need to calm down... I need a break!  I have to keep telling myself that I can make it through.  I feel very depressed right now.    You are a Random cat!  Also known as an alley cat or a mutt.  You aren't given to high-falutin' ways, but you're accessible and popular. People love you for who you are, not what you are.      What breed of cat are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Oh great I'm a random cat, how special... I think I was something better the last time I took this quiz.  Well I'm off to bed.  Night then...
0	Dimebag Darrell dead, fucking crazy shit. Apparently some guy got up on stage, shot Dimebag and killed 3 others before being shot dead by a cop.  RIP Dimebag Darrell - My all-time favourite metal guitarist
0	I could forget you I could make new plans Find someone to help me Spend this time on my hands I could pick up the pieces Even fall in love again But until I do  I'd rather miss you And live with the memories The nights when you held me Will carry me through And if I have to choose Between living without you And learning to love someone new Then I'd rather miss you  From the first time I saw you 'Til the day we said goodbye You were the best thing Ever walked into my life So I'll just keep waiting Hoping you'll come back again But until you do  I'd rather miss you And live with the memories The nights when you held me Will carry me through And if I have to choose Between living without you And learning to love someone new Then I'd rather miss you  And if I have to choose Between living without you And learning to love someone new Then I'd rather miss you Then I'd rather miss you Then I'd rather miss you
1	My friend       medvssa    is a very talented jewelry crafter, she used to have a catalogue of handmade silver and bronze jewelry wich she stopped making time ago, and decided to put on sale some of the rest of her pieces of work.  Have a look because you are not gonna find pieces like this anywhere since she designed them :) Pentagrams, inverted crosses, celtic crosses, thor's hammers... hurry up because there arent many left if you are interested!   Link to the journal with pics and prices   x x x
0	fuck it, I just finished a little rant about life in general, and livejournal decides that I don't get to post it, and deletes the whole fucking thing...beutiful...
1	the world is a better place for having me in it... same goes for you... peace... *
1	Hey guys! :) Yes, I'm back from my holidays! And I'm finding out what it's like to be 24. ^^ As far as I can see it's the same as being 23 hehe.  Anyways time for a quiz! -------------------------------------- youre a good guy! keep up the good work! whoever she is im sure she loves you lots and is glad to have you around!     Are you a good boyfriend?     brought to you by  Quizilla   --------------------------------------- yaaay!
1	 Aren't they cute!   (I'm not mentioned, nor is the fourth bridesmaid or the other two groomsmen, but it's still cute to look at!)  I'm glad I'm not getting married, but it's SO fun getting excited for someone else.  I'm not the center of attention and it's not my money (well, most of it, anyway), and I get to have all the fun!  What can be better??  And I'm not the Maid of Honor, so I have almost no responsibility...  I'm surprised, but I'm actually getting excited about this!!
0	I keep hoping that Someday you’ll change Someday you’ll accept me Someday I can be proud I keep wishing that Someday you’ll see me Someday you won’t let me down Someday I’ll understand you.  Someday, someday.
1	i came back from cheer camp today. at times, it sucked like no other. but other times, it was pretty sweet. so yeah. i was happy that they let us take showers everyday. 'cause at Spring Hill, we took showers like twice the whole week. it was bad. but anyway, when i came home i turned my phone on right away, and it said that i had 9 MESSAGES. that's a lot for me. so i'm like, "okay, sweet. people love me." then i listen to them, and all 9 messages are from Kimi and Gabe. i laughed. but i was felt bad because i didn't tell them that i was going to be at camp for 3 days so their messages sounded so sad. (lol) so yeah, that was the highlight of my day. and Gabe misses me. :-x. so does Kimi. i'm tired. i'm gonna go to bed. goodnight, lovelys. xxo (my brother is taking me to Novi tomorrow to go see Napoleon Dynamite. :). it's going to be the sweetest ever. man.)
1	There's allot of bad in the world today, a friend said the other day that she's not sure if she ever wants to bring kids into this world. And for me? Well, I guess I will just never understand certain things. Just wish I could stop trying to...  I have some good news too. A friend of mine is pregnant. At first when I read her mail I thought it was a joke, because it was very unlikely that she would be able to have another child, but it's true, I guess the picture of the ultrasound made it real to me. So at least there's still things to be happy about. :)  We moved, and though 90% is still in boxes everything is getting better each day. Hopefully by the end of the weekend I'll have a closet again and won't have to live out of a suitcase ;) The cat's think it's one big playground with all the boxes. :)
0	April's Fool Day - it's past. I did not make any funny jokes today... Nobody did any fun of me. Something wrong... Am I getting old? Probably, this is because I was sick for last few days and was almost all day today at home. Maybe, I am losing my tradition and become someone else?
0	all at once I now distinctly remember why I'm not friends with a lot of girls
0	I seem to have transferred my cold to my cat. :(  She's been sneezing like crazy for the past couple of days.
1	Why are 1-800 numbers so hard to find on a website?  Is it just me.  Seriously.  I can NEVER find them.  It's almost like they don't want you to call them for help.....  In other news.  Who am I kidding?  Nothing is new with me.  I need to get stuff done.  The RN exam deadline to apply is fast approaching.  Clinical is soon ending.  And ... I need to do laundry.
0	i need and end to this story, and if not a END, then one of those endings that makes for a sequil. i'm still waiting for a cap to this period in my life but still there is nothing.  last night was the first time in a while i didn't go out and chill, i actually stayed home and thought for a long time, didn't watch tv, play video games, didn't lj it up, i sat there and thought long and hard, and no matter how hard or how long i thought i still found no closure, ahh geese... why me?   CRASH THIS FUCKING CAR, BREATH IN, LET GO, FOREVER.
1	not only have i been on a giant star wars kick...i love the discovery channel and all the documentaries on all the Biblical studies...it makes me happy
0	Just to give you a small update... the reason why I haven't updated in a while is because I really haven't thought about it.  I haven't had a need for a journal since my life was going well.  Well last night all hell broke loose and now forgive me if I don't update again... because I am in pain.  I wish I could  tell it all to you but I don't have enough time in the world to type it and I'm sure you don't have enough time to read it.  Just be nice to me if you see me hanging around.     And to Alex, I love you with everything I have.  SO much that it causes me pain when I don't get to see you.  And through this mini-break up I hope that we can once again get together and enjoy ourselves.   "Time will take us apart... but I will still love you... I promise."   -JurisAnnarielle=
1	omg!omg!omg!      The episode will feature guest star Joel Grey, appearing on several episodes this spring as a mysterious man impersonating Ron Rifkin's Arvin Sloane, hot on the trail of some Rambaldi secret or other. Amy Irving, who hasn't visited the show since 2003, will also appear as Emily Sloane, which should intrigue regular "Alias" viewers.    from this article   The episode (the one Jen is directing) is titled "In Dreams" so we're likely talking about an imagined appearance, but still, SQUEE!  The article says the episode will also be full of Rambaldi stuff. Be still my heart.
1	Not a lot yet, but the first few buds have opened up.  I am so going to like going outside and grazing on fresh raspberries...  Good timing, too, since they should arrive right around when I run out of tangerines.
0	I wonder sometimes... *who really cares *who runs there mouth *who says something they dont mean *who wants to care but cant *who has no idea what they are doing to someone else *who has NO morals *who has no ambition *who the crap can do some things to people and not show the slightest emotion  I had to go to the psychiatrist today...yea i know!  She made me see alot of stuff that i havent been realizing...like people who cared about me wouldnt JUST act like they care!
0	Last Wednesday night my cousin's boyfriend, Brian, was in a very severe car wreck.  He didn't show any signs of brain activity, but doctors kept him on life-support because they were hopeful.  Tonight My aunt called me and told me that Brian's family took him off life-support, he was only 17 years old.  So I'm asking everyone to pray for his family and also my cousin because she is not taking this very well.
1	Got this from Ben Ho who got it from Bleedman, apparently.           I don't care if you're a fan or not, but I am. :(  This is a great way for fans to pick up since Cartoon Network (supposedly) cancelled the cartoon. :o
1	I had a nice day.  I went to two classes, and opted to skipped out on the last one. I went home and proceded to watch six eposides of Angel with Trueman.   It was a very quiet, relaxing day.  Right, Trueman?  ::wink, wink::
1	I'd just like to say that I'm sick of people bitching about personal drama shit that they probably caused themselves.  This goes for a lot more people than you are probably thinking of right now.  Fix your problems, move on.  Deal with it.  It will make you a much better person than if you sit there and whine and do nothing.  Stop being so reckless and careless with other people.  Selfish prics...  Oh yeah, and Cannibal is amazing.  Period.  Test audience loved it.  Now for the shows this weekend.  8:00 and midnight Friday and Saturday.  It's gonna rock... so hard...
0	Here are 16 new icons of the Montreal Canadiens.   Rules     comment if taking any   save to your own computer   credit me in the icon keywords   Post Contents     Current Habs [11 icons]  includes Saku Koivu, Michael Ryder, Richard Zednik, Yanic Perreault, Jose Theodore, Craig Rivet, and Alex Kovalev     Old Habs [5 icons]  includes Jean Beliveau, Ken Dryden, Guy Lafleur, and Guy Carbonneau    Teaser            Current Habs   01.    02.     03.    04.     05.    06.     07.    08.     09.    10.     11.       Old Habs   01.    02.     03.    04.     05.       Credit    BRUSHES:         inexorablyhere          inxsomniax        
1	MxPx last night was so much fun. Definettly the best i have been to of theres. they played a bunch of older stuff including a couple of songs off there first album. I am gonna try go to go tonight too but i am not sure if i can. Things are going so well this week.
1	I just had  the  best dream ever. I was at a  Showgirl  show... in Las Vegas. The fact that she came to America and I was at her show, standing against the catwalk... Ah! I must've ate something nice before I went to bed last night!
1	Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!  I can't believe I missed       jchalo    talk to JC on KIIS last night!!!!!  I knew I should have stayed up, even though I have an early day today!  How kickass for her!    What a wonderful fandom we all have, lol!
1	Here it is, yet posted and reviewed: CHINA DOLL 2.0! I'm so happy to have been able to rewrite the whole first chapter in such short time and maybe I'll translate it once at home. Oh joy! I'm thinking about to translate also "Arranged Love" and post it at The Sugar Quill -if it is accepted- with the sequel "Black Owl", "Dell'Oscuro e dell'Amore" -only the best for the TRGG's Project- and maybe "Guilty" and "Al Dabaran" too. Will I be able to do everything? ç_ç And within a week, Nimue will be here! Double joy!! Even if she'll stay for few days, we'll have a lot of fun together and maybe write a new piece for  Enemies of the Lord, beware! : it would be a quite nice, hilarious post. Plus now Mariacarla has joined us, hope to get new member after Biblioteca Alessandrina is opened. I have finished new pages of the site; but I need to re-do wholly The Gracing Rose, from layout to pages. I know that if I have enough will, I may dedicate one day to each thing: but alas, I'm lazy ^^'
1	Room draw is over, and we got the room we want!  We're in room 408 next year, which is currently Dana and Annie's room.  It's a cool room.  And, I got elected secretary of the Jazz Ensemble for next year.  Way cool!
0	Thank you for all the laughter you've given us.&nbsp; Thank you for providing hours of entertainment for my roommate and I as we tried to figure out your accent and emulate it.&nbsp; Thank you for being yourself and sharing it with the rest of the world.&nbsp; Thank you.&nbsp; Thank you.&nbsp; Thank you.  "I opened up a container of yogurt, and under the lid it said "Please Try Again" because they were having a contest I was unaware of. But I thought I might have opened the yogurt wrong, or maybe Yoplait was trying to inspire me. 'C'mon, Mitchell, don't give up. Please try again. A message of inspiration from your friends at Yoplait. Fruit on the bottom, hope on top.'" - Mitch Hedberg (24-2-1968 - 30-3-2005)   Rest In Peace.   Love, a fan, Alecto
1	wow its been a long time since i last wrote. sorry. i was away at disney and im glad to be back! the sun was burning hot i couldn't stand it. but im back now. to bad school is still going on -_- . this trip has mad me hyper for some reason im hoping that it goes aways soon. Ry long time no chat. i hope ur comp gets fixed soon i really want to talk to you. while i was in disney i took a pic with tigger!! yay! tigger! *bounces* well t-t-f-n.  Ta-Ta-For-Now!!
0	Damn.  I really hoped this wouldn't happen so quickly.  I must really have a problem with being alone.  I've been around people pretty much nonstop for a week and a half, and the first night back home by myself, I'm going crazy already.  Since husbands and babies are out of the picture for now, I guess I need a roommate.  Or a cat.
1	Having seen me play with the  Mini-Mizer , Seth and Eli wanted a turn. Here's what they came up with.   Seth's self-portrait in Lego    Eli's self-portrait in Lego 
0	Last night was one of those bad nights...I did something with good intentions and well.....backfired badly. I wont get into the details.....  Now I have to fina a way to make it all better...sounds like the rising action in some teen movie spoof...anywho..       I've been working like a dog at my job...its all to pay for this new computer for when I go away to salisbury (my dream school) university.  So its worth the work....but at the same time I miss out on some important stuff, like managing my online clan and spending time with Evy.....its alright though, because I have some time off this upcomming week.  Thats about it for now.
1	KIDS! Dinner is ready dears!   Ginny, I need you to set the table please!
1	Werhay, I now have made official plans with friends to see Harry Potter and the Prizoner of Azkaban! Now only 5 more days until I get to see all this movie-goodness I keep hearing about with my own eyes.   So-not-brotherly hug here I come!  -DB  P.S. For those of you who have already seen it and think I am living it late :P. It doesn't come out her until the 10th. Yes, pity us poor Aussies. I mean, what are they transporting the reels of film by ocean liner?
1	I rolled face tonight. it was so fun. u should all come join me, i love everyone! even Luke who is gonna make an attempt to call me sumthing that offends me. lol good luck.  Im in an excellant mood. miss people though. wish i was still at Bryans. but he got really drunk and i took care of him :)   work in 5 hours. yippee.
1	Just another update:  Everything is fine, school has gotten incredibly boring.  The days just go on and on.  Luckily, Thanksgiving coming up, meaning 4 day weekend!  I'll probably spend at least half of that time with family.  OR I SHOULD HANG OUT WITH FRIENDS, RIGHT JOHN, HINT HINT HINT HINT HINT HINT HINT.  Anyways, haven't done much these past few days.  Been writing and listening to music mainly.  Playing monopoly is fun too. =D     ps. HINT HINT HINT HINT
1	This is one part of the year I look forward to every year.  65 Teams.  64 Games.  2 Weeks.  Win and stay in, lose and  better luck next year.  We all get to watch as a team comes together to achieve their ultimate goal.  Plus, it gives me a chance to win a little extra money, as most morons who fill out a bracket still don't respect the fact that a 12 will beat a 5.  (This year's probable 5-12 upset: Old Dominion over Michigan St.)  However, I know my bracket will be trash before the first weekend is over.  Whatever.  Here's my assistance to help you dominate your office/school pool.  Very possible upsets: Vermont over Syracuse Old Dominon over Michigan St. Creighton over West Virginia St. Mary's over So. Illinois Pacific over Washington (2nd round)
0	Im still sad....everything is just so messed up....Im missing my gurl...big time...even though we still talk just as much...I miss her posts and replies..sigh...its not the same without her...thats for sure...I am worn out mentally...this has been a month from hell...everytime I thought it couldnt get worse it did...I hate feeling helpless...but joy comes in the morning...so Im gonna go to bed and get some rest...and tomorrow will be a better day...                     THE SUN COMES OUT TOMORROW!!!!
1	I made some more 1xR icons to bring everyone a bit of holiday cheer! ^_^ I hope you like them. =D      1.   2.   3.   4.   5.   6.   7.    These were all made after I made the icon I'm using now. (Yeah, 1x2, I know. I think 1x2 and 1xR are both cute though. =D)  Again, my icon journal is       the_hanyou_cons   . I just updated there, and there's lots of Relena icons if you're interested. ^_^   I love you guys! I hope you have a slendiferous holiday! =D
1	One more thing:  Happy Purim!  Leon and I are going to pick up some hamantaschen at the only Jewish bakery in Oakland before we pick up my parents at the airport.  By then, the sun will be down and it'll be a little late for triangular cookies, but I'm so excited for all of that poppyseed goodness.
1	I had a really good day! It was really good! And...I'm in a good mood! I had to share this, because today was a good day despite the fact that I had to do the mile run. I hope everyone has a really good day!   love love love -Lia
1	so i went to the otter game last night. good times, me and hovey got in for free again. they played London who advanced to 56-5-2 with a 7-0 win over erie. oh well. haha. The otters did avenge their blood late in the 3rd, so it was well worth the free ticket.  we ate nachoes at the game and subway after. good times.   Also on the ride home from the game tonight at the subway we ate at we saw 3 london knight players walk in. they left like 5 min before us but I cought up to them on the thew way. their ontario plates made them stick out thats how i found them. so i pulled infront of them and at the NY tolls i told the toll lady that the car behind us was a bunch of hockey players and to tell them I said "GO OTTERS!" Then the players caught up to us. "Oh yeah" I said, I retaliated by ordering my co-pilot, hovey, to moon them out my car window while i layed on the horn.  good times for all.  LETS GO OTTERS.
0	• straight as • the littledoghouse • saturdays • theatre • scav hunt • hopes of grad school or geekdom
0	So I don't live my life by a lot of rules ... But tonight I just made a new one ... If you have been heartbroken and crying for 24 hours you don’t watch Love Actually. I don't think I am ever going to stop now ...  Erick I was hoping things might have had the chance...
0	the saddest thing Ive written the most beautiful words on page the melody of my life long dream the concerts of my age.  the music of my heartstrings the plucking of my soul the echoing of my sadness as my life spins out of control
1	I haven't updated in a long time it seems. Well, I don't really have much to say. I've been really happy and in a great mood for a while now. I've decided to make it my job to avoid all drama so just a warning, if you have any drama or feel like bitching, don't tell me about it. I don't care. I don't want to sound mean or like I don't care about others, its just that drama absolutely drives me insane and is unnecessary in my opinion and I don't want to deal with it. Just for a little bit anyways. It's like a gave it up for lent or something. I'll be able to deal with it again after taking this break. Other than that, I have the lowest grades I have ever had!! I deserve it I guess cause I pretty much stopped doing work and stopped paying attention in class. Oh well. I can't say that I really care. I wish I did, but I don't. I just hope Colby cares as little as me. Well, that's about it. I'm in such a good mood! Oh yeah - I'M GOING TO DISNEY WORLD TOMORROW!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Deanna, I may have found you a stylist.  Went and got my hair done this morning by Loni at the Aveda Life Salon Spa on Spring Garden.   I feel so great.  She gave me a mini scalp and shoulder massage before she got started. If there's anything I needed more than a massage, I'm really stumped as to what it is.  And my hair smells awesome.  Kinda lemony. And it looks pretty too :)  Great start to the day.  I have an exam this afternoon, then I'm meeting Dwaine for supper, and then coming back here to study for my two exams tomorrow.  Then it's off with       avi_mhael    to a party where I get to meet       amyames   .  Good times.  As it stands now, I need to go get some reading done. I'm so almost on vacation.  I can practically taste it.  I wonder what vacation tastes like.  Vaguely watermelony, I'd imagine.
1	         Which Royalty Are You?  Find out! By  Nishi .            Which Woman of Beauty Are You?  Find out! By  Nishi .  
1	I am so excited!!!  In one of my classes we had a competition this last Friday and there were 12 groups competing.  We were to give a 90 second "elevator pitch" of our business idea.  We had to include start up costs, break-even data, target market and size, etc.  So our group was doing an Indian Wedding Planning business in the bay area.  We did a great job and I felt that the judges appreciated our efforts and accurate information.   So today I checked my e-mail and there was an e-mail from my professor to announce the winners of the 2004 Undergraduate Entrepreneur Elevator Pitch Competition.  First place: MY GROUP Second Place: doesn't matter :-p Third Place: my friends  So because my group won we get $500 and a half a letter grade bump to our final grade!  I am so stoked, and this will look awesome on resume!!!!  Yeah!!!!!!!
1	Just got back from my vacation to wish       nautibitz       HAPPY BIRTHDAY       
1	   H aP p Y   S w Ee   T    16   tH   B   iR t Hd A y   T o    Me   !!!!!   
1	SAMURAI CHAMPLOO OVER!       I seriously could not be happier with the way it ended.   Makes me wanna watch the whole show over again.   Doodles immediately followed.   Jin's beauuu-ful hairs.      
1	 I think Johnny Depp and Tim Burton are the best couple made ever. 
0	Why do I bother making plans at all?  The percentage of it getting cancelled is extremely high. Today was one of those days again.  No ones’ fault, it just happens.  It’s just so depressing for everything to get thrown out the window last minute and I end up doing nothing for the evening. Make your plans early…they’ll get cancelled anyway.
0	I'm probably gonna end up living with someone else.  My mom's friend offered me her house and I want to take that offer.  My dad can be a very difficult person.  I do love him, but sometimes he makes it so difficult.  I think he's hurt by the decision, but I can't live like this anymore.  Maybe living with someone else will be good, maybe it won't.  But before anything is going to happen, I'm going to see what the arrangements will be.  Will I have to pay for certain bills?  What's going to happen to Blue?  What if my car breaks down?  What are her rules?  Shit like that.  To tell you the truth, I'm scared about leaving.  I've always talked about leaving, but I'm really afraid that something will go wrong.  Something terrible will happen and I will end up on the streets with nothing.  Hopefully things will turn out good...
1	Wee; w/the happiness and the crazy and the HI!  Why three questions?  Why not go all King Arthur and shit and ask five?  I've only replied to one b/c what I REALLY want to ask...is best not aired in public.  So bleh.  This weekend was wonderful, absolutely spiffintacular splendiferous and slaptasteriffic.  You'll have to ask me if you want to know why...but I probably won't tell you anyway :D  Waynesville looking at houses.  Berf and I wanted the Architect's Cottage, but Mom and Dad went for the Country Club, "can't touch just look" house.  Blah.  But it's liveable.  As long as I get to paint over Winnie the Pooh.  Your ass is mine, you miserable, useless ball of fluff.  MWAHAHA!!!  @};-
1	Lately I have been working with my grandmother on a church bulletin board.  We sprent thursday night from 6-2:30 in the morning and friday night till midnight working on it.  then today around 3 i had to go back over there. but it is over now so that is good.  karen is over here, it is the first time she has been out of her house in two months, i am really happy =D.  we are going to a concert tonight and out to eat so it should be really fun.  well i have to go finish getting ready, hope all is well =)
0	El amor empieza con una sonrisa, crece con un beso, y termina en lagrimas   [[that means "Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends in teardrops"]]
1	A big thank you and Happy Holidays to whoever anonymously paid for two months of LiveJournal for me. Big hugs to whoever you are!
1	best web site ever will make you laugh  http://www.slackertown.com 
1	Not much happening in my life.  Mom is gone again, off to Yakama for a cop convention.  The new Chinese place on Franklin (Empire buffet) has good food and all you can eat sushi. But it gets better, the guy who owns it has the hotts for my mom! When we ate there last  night, (I ate sooo much) the manager stood by are table the whole time and talked to us. When the waiter brougth us the bill, Joe (manager) ran up and was like, "No I pay for your food, no charge" but mom paied anyway.  I'm drinking alot while she's gone wiht the Creswellians. Hope it's fun.  I love everyone now.        I'm going to go cry soon.
1	I would like to draw everyone's attention to the wonder of RSS feeds...it's very simple and I think most of you will be interested...so...   Blog and Mablog   Homestar Runner   All you need to do is add one of these to your friends list, and it will show up on your friends page. The Blog and Mablog one was just created a minute ago, so according to the FAQ all the latest ones will stuff your friends page, but it's a one-time event so it will go away soon. The Homestar Runner one works quite well, and gives a link for all the new things that they make. Very handy and very awesome! I hope the Blog and Mablog one becomes widely-used...
1	"The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, nor the kindly SMILE, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship."   Ralph Waldo Emerson           You Belong in Paris  Stylish and a little sassy, you were meant for Paris.  The art, the fashion, the wine, the men!  Whether you're enjoying the cafe life or a beautiful park...  You'll love living in the most chic place on earth     What City Do You Belong in? Take This Quiz :-)       Find the Love of Your Life  (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance.                 
1	happy b-day to you Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr!  Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.  -Martin Luther King, Jr.
0	I just dont know what to do with myself anymore!   that saddest part is I know I do these things to myself, I know I shouldn't, I do it anyway, and then half of me regrets it.   I just dont know how I feel about anything anymore. I just want to home and everything to be the same way it used to, I miss it all so much!   I feel so bad so many things have gone to shit and I just dont know what to do about it anymore, I dont really think I can and that hurts more then anything.   Im not this depressed person he thinks I am, but Im not doing a very good job of disproving it.   I hate to think of the past but that's what makes me happy, then I think about now and it just makes everything so much worse, I just dont know what to do anymore!   I miss them all so much, I dont think they understand, even ppl who r there in someway and just really aren't in others anymore it just sucks so much.   Im sorry to be such a downer, I'll stop.
1	Ok, I'm becoming a little obsessed with this album, it's either the third or forth time I've put it on today ;P
0	byron is a fucking liar. i can't believe i ever thought megan would lie to me.  i can't believe someone would do this to another person they claimed to care about. i was talking to him online and he wouldn't reply. i guess he figured he was caught and there was no use in defending himself. i even tried to call him and he wouldn't answer. fucker.  i must have a sign taped to me that says "lie to me, no, please, i  like  it!"
1	                                  The last one is my favorite.   I wasn't going to cut it, but seeing as I put ten or so I thought it would be nice. I am going to get a bunch printed. I looked today and I have taken easily over 3000 pictures on my camera since I got this one, about a month and a half ago. The only thing is I am very critical about my stuff and delete most of them. Ah well. I'll just keep what I think is close to the best I can do.   Well I think I will go see if I can find something for dinner. HA!    Later, Smangey
0	I got laid last night.  ...What was I making such a big fuss over again?
1	I just had lunch with Laura and Cole. Cole's a year old now and as cute as ever! He made quite a mess, but it was worth it to see all the funny things he can do. He cracks up hysterically when you say "Bush Bleh". I love it! It's actually Wednesday for me because I leave for NYC early Friday morning. It'll be a miracle if I can actually get to the hotel from Newark. I called to make a reservation on a mini-bus and was rudely told that I couldn't do that until I got to the terminal. Humph. Anyway, I should get into the city around 2 p.m. and I'm planning some live entertainment for all my H-town peeps. You can go to:   This is where I'll do my thing    around 3 p.m. Houston time to see my live jig in Times Square. I'm actually going to send out an email about it and have Vance reply to all when I get there. Please do let me know if you want to be included for some Friday afternoon entertainment.
0	i miss the bread. oh where is substance within a loaf?
1	 well i feel into prison about a quarter to 3 where i found in my cell, a glass waiting for me. so i filled what was empty and i pulled up a stool but he stood in the corner the old devil wouldnt move he said "you drink when you're lonely" "no i drink when i want" he said "you'll never be sober!" "sure, why would i want that? i only drink to be merry,  but unfortunately.... im in the wrong prison cell and the wrong company!"      drink up and be merry cheers.
1	Mon and I just finished our first contribution to the HPVP!        Ah, Percy/Fleur. Because we all know Percy is in fact a dashing and heroic James Bond-like super spy and deserves the hottest women canon has to offer.  Quite an improvement over our sub for the first HPVP! XD I can't find the original, but it was done at the same time (in fact, a little earlier) as  this , so that at least gives you an indication of the unparalleled quality of our old sub. XD (Woah! I was still Ellie Rosenthal back then!)  So yay. Everyone, post your subs! Inquiring fans want to see!
0	I've had the worst day.  I hope I get ran over.  I feel like I'm being ingored by Mandy. So.. Mandy, I really hope it's not intentional.   I just found out I overwithdrew on my bank account by ONE FUCKING DOLLAR. Now I have to pay eighteen dollars.   I had better make some tips this weekend.    I just cancelled my Netflix account because there's no way in hell I'm letting this happen again.  I know eighteen dollars isn't a lot but I don't make a lot of money, especially because my mom can't afford to give me money herself.    I can't believe I just went through 100+ dollars two weeks. I'm not going to buy anything ever again.
0	Which ones better an LJ or a xanga? Im having trouble of wich one i should keep..... wow this is so stupid.....................
1	I'm excited. It's FRIDAY! That means I get to talk to my boss about my big project which is sweet.  I was telling my other boss about it and he was excited because people have been asking about a measure just like what I am designing and there's not one in the literature at all.  So that's great news, but it also means that it better be good :)   On the other side, the brakes on my car are not working right so I have to get those fixed as soon as possible... like tommorrow... which sucks... more money... grrr.....  off to do some real work...
0	its monday. battle creek wont see me again in 4 days....
1	      ocean_song   , thank you so much for the adorable Easter card!  I've been sick this weekend so I didn't actually make it out to the mailbox until yesterday, and there it was, waiting for me.  I absolutely love it, and I really, really loved that it was addressed to Trista My FriendBot.  Tommy got a huge kick out of that, too.  We so need another San Miguel/coffee shop fix, with lots of gossip and laughter.  I adore you, sweetie.  Thank you for thinking of me.  *smooch*
1	 and if you dont pray, just wish upon a star, or whatev...   chelsey (12:27:43 AM): ok, I'm applying for a job in DC chelsey (12:28:02 AM): a promotion and if I get it I'm taking Chiron and coming back chelsey (12:28:13 AM): my roomate put in notice chelsey (12:28:27 AM): so it might be a good time to leave anyway  !! *crosses fingers, toes, eyes, legs, arms, everything* !! 
1	i'm so happy! scott peterson is finally convicted of murder in the first degree of laci and in the second degree of his unborn son conner. finally:)
0	The first episode of Bleach  finally  FINISHED DOWNLOADING!  A great day indeed.  I love the opening theme- it's gorgeous and wonderful and perfect ^O^         T_T My poor Kon... Why must they abuse you so?  Bleach is LOVE. To any unbelievers- go and read the manga :P
1	Miss Chim: you and me...tomorrow afternoon...another chic flic at my house??  i was thinking some time around 1pm tomorrow afternoon...  i have a hair appointment at 6pm...so we'll have to be finished by then.  let me know if this works for you...if not, let me know if there is another time that we could get together.  love ya...mwah!!
0	Hi Kait, I know u cant read this but i miss u alot. I wish u were here with me now but ur not. Everything is ok i guess,,.......its weird....u know u know here with me. weve been friends for only a year but weve become very very very close! U are mi best friend and ur like mi sister. i wish u could be here with me but ur not................I love u kait ur mi BEST FRIEND and i miss u! Right now im holding mi kitty n im just sitting here missin u and everyone else in NJ............Kaitlyn....i know we faught al the time but it doesnt matter ne more cuz ur not here n im here by miself without u here with me......Ii didnt get to say bye to u so its not fair i love u kait n ill never forget about u....hold the rock close cuz i may not come back. I love u kait dont ever forget that!
0	i'm posting again, and again i have nothing to say, but i'll post anyways since i don't go on the computer too often. i just ate my dinner, i wasn't at all hungry though... yea i know you're thinking big surprise tori. lol i guess, but oh well. i'm prolly going to go eat again, jsut because i'm bored and stuff... ok well i have nothing else to say. so i'm going to go... hope you had fun at the concert tori, call me whenever.   lateziez...i guess
0	 White House to cut Hubble funding   I can't help but be greatly saddened by this.  I know that the Hubble is a very expensive satelite to maintain but just cutting all its funding and scuttling it is just a horrible thing to imagine.  With the Hubble, we have learned so much about the universe we're a part of.  And the White House wants to cut it because there are more, high priority things to do.  Like start a war in Iran.  Or send soldiers to the moon.  Or stupid crap like that.  It's just rediculous.
1	And in Jeeves character.        Claim Your Old British Man by jgurlpunkrck      Your Name           Your Age           Your Old British Man           You met...    at a meeting for washed up old actors      The relationship ended...    with your marriage (dun dun dunnnn)               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	I'm tired and I feel like crap.  First I suffered with a sore throat and headache for two days. Last night's headache had to be the worst. I started screaming on the phone it hurt so bad. =\ At least that part is over. But now I have the runny nose from hell. Hopefully that doesn't last too long.  Well Only 4 more finals, and then Christmas break. Funny I feel like shit yet I *want* to go to school. Well mainly I want to go to school and just not go in. I like rides to and from school. Time to spend with Shawn. ^_^;  Speaking of which, since I haven't made a post. Shawn and I are "offical" now. Though most of you already know. Almost been a month now. Friday he knew I was sick, but I went to school anyways so while I was at lunch he came and found to see if I was ok. Heh. I love him. I really really do.   Not much more to say. I have to sneeze. Ok. Anyways, I hope Alexandra gets online soon. I miss her.
1	This weekend was pretty good! I got to see a lot of my friends from high school and MECC!! There are only 14 more days of classes left!! :-) Everything just keeps getting better and better! I posted some pics from Brad's going away party on my Friends Album, so check those out!
1	rice bubble LCMs are soo yummmm. u should try them!
1	Oh yes, yes indeed, it is a fine day in AaronLand. Broadband 2 is mere moments away from coming on-line at my house. Soon I'll be able to do all the things I could do before, only faster! And all I had to do was not use Telstra for anything anymore. Don't worry this post makes little sense to me as well. ciao, A.
0	you ever feel like everone around you is happy, but your not allowed to be, or you see people expresing their love of each other but you cant for one reason or another...............i do..............it feels like nothing i do can, that im not ment to be happy  such is my crappy life and even crappeir existance
1	Hello all , long time no type :)  Been really busy and have some great stuff to show you all soon, till then I leave you with this fantastic new tool I found that is MUCH better then napster.   Aimster  , go get it now and have a downloading spree like no other :)  Peace and Creativity Chris
0	Sometimes I really hate it here.  Right now everyone is really miserable.  So many people have talked about dropping out or transferring already.  It's so windy I feel like every time I walk outside I'm going to get blown away and I have the worst cold of my life.  I just want to crawl under my covers and never come out.
1	A week and a half in to being house owners and things are shaping up nicely. We now have a wide screen telly (yeah!) and a bookshelf (double yeah!).  Unfortunately until our lovely couches arrive that's pretty much it for new furnishings 'cause we want to see how the couches fit the room before we commit to anything else.  One thing's immediately apparent: we need STORAGE!  Either that or less stuff :-)  One fly in the ointment, something in the house is tripping the power at exactly 06:48 each morning which is very annoying.  We're slowly whittling through the candidates, fridge freezer getting unplugged tomorrow morning which I reckon is the culprit.  Other than that we absolutely love the place.  I've just spent the last couple of hours sat outside with the laptop going through my mail and sipping a nice whisky.  Very tranquil :-)
0	a bird just smacked into my window hard enough that it left behind some feathers stuck to it...i dunno if it flew away or plummeted to the ground because i can't see the ground close to the side of the building...i'm up 3 floors...
1	Uh.  I made some people mixed CDs containing such artists as Reel Big Fish, Avenue Q, Monty Python, Stephen Lynch, They Might Be Giants, Massive Attack, and LIZA MINNELLI (that's not even a joke :P). They'll be mailed maybe on Saturday.  If you're getting you probably know.  People in Ireland can listen to and/or copy Lindsey's at her discretion because I'm only sending one.  Do you  know  how much it costs to ship things over there? (:x)  Reel Big Fish has a new album coming out on April 5th!  I am filled up with gleeeeeeeee!  It's called "We're Not Happy Til You're Not Happy". :x :x :x :x  I think this just made my  week .  :D  Speaking of things in April, Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy comes out on April 29th.  You can see the full length trailer (not that crappy teaser trailer that made me want to punch the screen) on  Amazon .  Uh.  Zaphod Beeblebrox only has one head.  :-?  :\  When did I start updating regularly?
1	I went on a total shopping spee at the thrift store today.    I spent less than 21 dollars and got 2 VERY cute tank tops, a necklace (which doesn't match anything I own, but it was cute and only a dollar), a dress I can wear to formal occasions, a pair of shoes (a miracle for me because I am an 8 1/2 narrow and it's so hard for me to find shoes that have a reasonable price)    I think that's it.  I think I'm going to do a lot of thrift store shopping for now on.  I want to have lots of clothes...lots of variety.  And this is a way to do it without spending  thousands and thousands of dollars.
0	I'm sad. I was fine and now I'm sad, for no reason. I'm very sad. I don't know what triggered my sadness. I was just reading some random guestbook thing and i was suddenly sad. Sad Sad Sad. After i write it so much it doesn't seem like a real word anymore. When I'm sad for no reason I start to think of other reasons that could cause my sadness. And I get ever more sad.  Unless you've missed the point here. I'm SAD.
1	I went to the University Fair at Carter. Whoa. I may have a chance people. But I'm still gonna take English in night school if I can, to increase chances. Ryerson still looks like the best possible choice.  But alas, I missed Survivor and CSI..
0	Witnessed a hit and run today on the way to work. There was a small grey compact in the far right lane going about 35mph in a 70. I passed the car, and while nosily looking in the rear view mirror, a tractor trailer smashed into the back of the grey car. Sent it swirving and off to the shoulder. I kept watching to see if the Truck would pull over, but it didnt. I was going to stop and get the Trucks license number, but by then I was much too far ahead of it. I did however report it when I got to work. But.. I gave the officer our old work number that is disconnected.. *slaps forehead*
1	www.nicholassparks.com  I only have 3 of his books left to read!
1	Happy Easter!!!! Nothing new to report.   I will make more of an effort to do a journal entry at least once a week.
1	A bunch of NYC-area schools are doing a film competition for their fourth-grade students whereby they make a documentary. The Family Life Academy Charter School here in the Bronx is doing theirs on Bronx writers, and today they interviewed me for part of it. They're a really good bunch of kids, who asked lots of questions about what it's like to be an author. I was expecting more questions about being a Bronx boy in particular, which they didn't do, but I was more than happy to ask their other questions.  Having done TV interviews in the past, and having conducted them, I was amused to see that this particular production actually went very smoothly, more so than many others I've done.  I believe they're also going to enter it into a Bronx film festival. I'll keep y'all posted as to what happens....
1	Hey everyone  I am so happy i dont have to babysit all day today for the first weekend all summer. Well that means i get to do somethin i am so happy so i might go do something with Lauren or Courtney. Well i got to go i have to go do some stuff before my step-dad gets home.                  xoxo melissa xoxo
1	* Reply to this message telling me which of these 20 artists you have also seen. * Take the ones from my list that you have seen, and post them in your own LJ. * Add more until you have 20.  I got this from TinkerMel!  1.  Tool 2.  Gravity Kills 3.  Bush 4.  Prodigy 5.  Cake 6.  Insane Clown Posse 7.  Anybody Killa 8.  Bag of Hammers. 9.  Tori Amos 10. Phunk Junkeez 11. Matchbox 20 12. Kenny Chesney 13. Alabama 14. Motley Crue 15. Meshugah 16. Esham 17. Spookie Z 18. No Doubt 19. Voodoo Glow Skulls 20. 311
0	I found out two devestating things today. I'm not allowed to return to UVic next year, and I've missed the deadline for basically every other college in the country so it seems I won't be going to school at all again ever and my uncle is dead. My parents won't let me fly home for the funeral. Dammit, he's my uncle! It's not like I'm gonna miss any exams or anything. Besides, what's it matter now anyway? I can't go back to school, so why should I worry about my exams? Why don't I just leave and never come back? I think that sounds like a smashing idea. I hurt so much right now. I don't wann leave, but on the same token, if it's futile to be here, I'd rather be home. I hate the world  so much  right now. Why did he have to die now? Why couldn't he have held on until May so I could have said goodbye? This isn't fair. I can't even say my goodbyes at the funeral. I just wanna scream until my lungs hurt. Damn it all.    I'm pushing zero. Where is my hero?  
0	I feel so bad today.  I feel that I have let my poor niece down.  Poor baby she has a contagious illness right now and I have  to be a dope and cause more problems.  She thinks that no one wants to be around her and at her age  that is hard to deal with.  I'm still thinking of things/ways to make up with her. I love her sooooo much, I don't want her or her mother to hate me. Because I have anxiety problems.
1	Can't wait till tomorrow! ^_^ ^_^ ^_^        Goblin (Level 54) (1070-108) (90.83%) Full Chain Armor with Mithril Plate Helmet, Cloak and Belt., Dual Claymores, Ranking: 539 LIFE 50 (MAXED) POWER 50 (MAXED) OFFENSE 50 (MAXED) DEFENSE 50 (MAXED) REGENERATION 50 (MAXED)  Elf (Level 48) (1105-130) (89.74%) Full Mithril Armor, Dual Claymores, Ranking: 465 LIFE 50 (MAXED) POWER 50 (MAXED) OFFENSE 50 (MAXED) DEFENSE 50 (MAXED) REGENERATION 43  No salute, too many losses. &gt;.
1	Some of you may know, but I can now confirm that if you own Wipeout Pure for your PSP, you can simply add a custom DNS setting to your PSP network setup to allow what was originally the Wipeout Pure website into a fully functional browser.   http://www.makeyougohmm.com/20050327/16 27/   It works.  It's not perfect, and to be honest it's more cool factor more than anything else, but I can read LJ on my PSP and go chat on IRC (which is really more proof of concept more than anything else, typing on a PSP is pretty painful)
0	right now i dont know how to feel:   frustrated used content tired wonderment  she didnt get in.  i hope i get the job.  im there for her, but then it seems like im useless.  i need to get into college.  i have a crush on someone.  thats my life right now, how boring.  *E*
1	Hola all, its been a while and I've been in a hole or something.  I've hardly talked to anyone and its sucked, from this hole or whatever I feel I've grown, my mind has opened up to others and I feel like a much better person..maybe it just comes with age, in which I'm still very young. Last week my friend had a huge bash and at first I didn't want to go but I told myself why not you'll get to see all kinds of people you never see any more so I did.  I saw some people who I didn't think I'd want to see but it wasn't that bad..that was my old close minded self I guess I saw these people for what they really are cause it was great to talk and what not.  So have I mellowed out? Maybe...in certain ways. So I've told myself I need to see more of my friends and I think I may stick to this..you heard it here first!
1	Oh yeah i had a really standard mood cos im not sure they have one for everything i have gone through today, and Birthday countdown: 12 days
1	Well the junior retreat was actually really fun. It wasn't like I thought it was gonna be with separating people from their friends for most of the time. I actually got to be with friends like the whole time so that was cool. And I got to talk to people I haven't talked to in awhile so that was really good too. I was surprised by how some people I thought were really shallow could actually be pretty deep. It was nice to hear everbodys apologies too. Hopefully they were being sincere. I think almost everybody was though. I couldn't believe how bad some people have it. Like I never knew about all that stuff Mrs. Chabot had to go through. I feel bad for disliking her so much. Well I'm glad I went it was definitely a good time...I wanna get some!..lol you gotta love passwords!
1	  ya   hello   to   you   all   in   huge letters  ....   cuz i can!!!!!  
0	*sigh*  Download Clocks by Coldplay, it's a really great song.   Anyways...  Today was less eventful than I planned...  Learned I should just stick to playing bass/guitar and not bowl...  Feel like less of a person!  I need to go to bed early tonight...  *sigh*
1	Well coursework is over (thank god), I tell you this time it damn near killed me!  I have never been so stressed out!  I have also never really pulled an all nighter (!) and this week I pulled two!  Shock horror!  Ah well its all over until next year, i swear, must start work earlier this time (dont we say this every time?!) coz leaving things till the last minute really really dont work!  Home tomorrow, I cant wait!  I love going home so much!  I adore my family, and miss them so much, it will b great just to go back and hug them again!  Yey!!!  Ok, thats all I wanted to say, well done to all of ya for getting your coursework in!  Now we can all sit back relax and do nothing!  What a great feeling!  HOMEEEEEEEEEE!!!  Bah meh moh!
0	It was a sad day for me today. My car is "totaled" and they said it wasent worth it to fix the car. If you know anything about me you should know how upset I am over this. I loved that car to death and it took all the impact for me and now its gone.
1	VIVI FIXED THE OEKAKI! [or it could of been rei, but, oh, well] WAIII! I'm so happy! Now I can go off and draw! JOSHA!!! YAY! JOY JOY! *fireworks* *_*
1	So Sunday, the Eagles beat the Falcons. I couldn't have been more excited. Then, the Steelers failed to overtake the Patriots. Damnit! I fear the Eagles have no shot at becoming the Super Bowl champions with such strong competition... :-( Oh well, may the best team win.  So we were off school today and have off again tomorrow. I am not allowed to drive because of the 'safety factor' involved. My parents think i will die if i try to drive. Possibly true. Yet, i havent been bored at all. Vinnie has come over a lot. Thank-you for keeping me company. :-)   I wish Hillary wasn't grounded. I will come see you as soon as I get driving privileges again. I miss you.   Chip i miss you too since you've been grounded. Good luck with everything!   I have a lot of school work that I need to work on. I will get to that now.
1	College just got much better.  "Myth: D.K. Lieu is an asshole  Reality: D.K. Lieu is an asshole"  LOL. Best closing to a class ever.  And I also have my first fencing lesson/practice in 5 hours. All is well.
1	So how's it going.  I am fine.  I had a very merry Christmas.  Tomorrow is my birthday.  That's going to be fun too.  We're going to eat cake and stuff.  I gotta go watch manatheater now.  Happy birthday to me!
1	So today's the day. Were in 4th place after short. I'm excited and nervous for tonight. The past 4 years in a row we've been in 5th place at Nationals. It's my last time competing with these girls in the U.S. and I would really enjoy my first National medal tonight. Thats all I have to say about that right now. Hopefully all goes well tonight. Wish us luck!!!
1	i want to write a novel here, but there are no pages, so it won't make any sense.
1	 TEH LULU IS FUCKIN HOME!!!!!!!111111111oneoneoneone   I know all yall bitches missed me! and omg i missed yall t000000 ahahhhahahah  Florida = TEH BOMB DIGGITYYYYYY PWNED AMAMAMAHAHOAHAOHAOH!H!H!!H!H! :D:XD OMFG@!!!!  &lt;3  &lt;33  &lt;333  &lt;33  &lt;3  -:3 maj0r post later!
1	Our bed got here! A day early!  We ordered  a bed  from  Overstock.com  last week (yay $1 shipping during March!) and have been obsessively tracking the DHL shipment ever since. There was a looooong stretch (okay, it was 3 days) of no updates, where apparently it was riding in a truck from Wilmington, OH, to Chehalis, WA. This morning, though, tracking showed it had arrived in Chehalis yesterday evening. Yay!  Then a couple of hours later, it had made it to Portland and was on the truck for delivery today! Early, yay!  Currently it's in pieces, in three boxes propped in the entry way (yay, nice DHL driver who put the heavy boxes inside the house for me!). Nik and I will be putting it together tonight. I'll post pictures tomorrow.  Yay!
0	well, i would feel much better if i did not hate myself so much...for some reason, i am feeling really lonely right now. i am not sure why. i feel like a few of my friends are mad at me and i don't know why. maybe it's just me being messed up. i don't know if i am going to be able to write my papers tonight....
0	I'm so mad, sad, depressed n just frustrated!    10 things!  1. gradES 2.i can't do my room (although jodi said i could and got my hopes high then said no) 3.i like a boy and i can't get him 4. I'm annoyed with everything 5. family 6. school sucks 7. boys 8.my best friend 9. BALLET 10. my mom
1	&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  
1	So I hope everyone had (or is still having) a wonderful Christmas. Hope you all got whatever it was that you really wanted. :) I got good stuff but being with family (both my own & patric's) was the best part. I found that this year I was more excited to see what everyone else thought of their stuff rather than my own. It was good. :) I'm overly full. I always over eat at the holidays. I dunno why, its bad for me. Miss Patric. But he'll be back Sunday nite, if not then I know I'll see him for New Year's at least. Really looking forward to that. :) So no new news on my job w/ Apex, guess nothing new will come. Oh well, not that worried. Highlights of this year's presents: Racoon pillow (its smooshy and makes me happy) from Mom & Dad, Hanson DVD (its more the thought really) from Shannon, Martini set from Patric, "What's in Ned's Head?" from B, Crocpot from Lach, and "Mork & Mindy" Season 1 from Mom & Dad. Hope you all had a lovely day. :) BuhBye!
0	It's better if I tell everyone that I'm fine.  It's less complicated.  I'll deal with it on my own.
1	Hey wuz up! I am going to a party on New Year's eve. I can't wait. Hopefully I won't drink too much. LOL. I hope everyone has a safe and good New Year. But there is nothing else that is new. I really am having a great  break and I don't want to go back to school on monday. It is going by to fast. Well that is all I have to say. Bye   David aka Mr.Banner
1	 Duck and Cover  starts Thursday.  I'm pretty excited.  Oh, and I need to yell at       drviva   ,       milfer   , and       eroticalee    to post more.  Bastards.
0	Someone like me doesn't deserve an awesome boyfriend, but I have one. I'm an asshole.
0	 I absolutely hate this.. more than ever.&nbsp; NOt just one thing either.. its  a lot  of things. Like why does everything have to change? Why can't things just stay the same?  why ? Why can't I still hang out with the same people I used to.. and have as much fun as I used to?&nbsp; Why can't we still be so spontaneous? Why can't we just not worry like we never used to?  Why can't everything just stay the same?      &nbsp;    I miss the old days..and my old friends..  
1	I just joined this community today. Seriously, like a few minutes ago, and I am super excited!  Savage Garden has been my absolute favorite band since third grade ... and I'm in eleventh now. :-D Yayy! I was entirely sad when the band broke up - I remember hearing it on the radio, and I literally screamed. Heh. Enough on that ...  Hmm. I have both albums, and love them both dearly. My absolute favorite song is "crash and burn" because it has helped me through some really tough times. Although, all of the other songs are in a jumble for second place. How can one not love one of their songs!?  I look forward to being a part of this community!
0	Pope John Paul II, one of the longest serving pontiffs in history, has died at the age of 84. He died on Saturday evening following a series of worsening health problems including heart failure. The Polish-born Karol Wojtyla became Pope in 1978, taking a conservative stand on issues such as abortion, contraception and women's rights.  Read more here.   Rest well, and thank you. May the light of thousands of candles -- not just my own, burning here -- bring your soul safely into the arms of your Lord.
1	  More than 2 months have passed since my birthday happened. And I am still getting gifts. Thanks for the Lord of The Rings posters, Sids. The funny thing is the allposter.com guys couriered them twice! So now I have four LOTR posters. Muahahahahaha :D  
1	I've reached the milestone of taking the SATs. And let me tell you, it was so anticlimatic. I don't think anyone has to worry. Really.    Today I was hanging out with Josh, Dan, and Alex after school (read: Josh is home on break!) (read: half-day!) and we ended up at Earthworld. Alex and I don't really enjoy comic books, and he was hungry, so we trekked across the street to the health food co-op. He bought some instant soup and was making it in the cafe when we noticed there was a copy of Hunting Magazine on one of the tables. We started laughing like idiots (such irony!) and one of the sketchy-looking organic men in the cafe said to us, "Whatever you guys are on, I want some." I told him we were clean, and he laughed and said, "Oh, to be young and high on life!"   Oh, to be young and high on life!
1	 Hello, humans.     Im in a happy mood for once, can you actually believe it? Why? Well, I fugured out true happiness is not the material things you have in live but the relationships you have with your surrouding people. Plus, I am getting closer to my special person, (she is so kool!!) However, as I get closer to this new&nbsp;person, I still have dreams of a past someone. Who? I am not sure, but shes there, but who cares?    The great&nbsp;thing is this new person has resurrected my dead soul from its shallow, hollow grave, and made it happy again. Im so happy!! I&nbsp;hope this feeling doesnt leave me the worldstoo cold, to be alone.     Anyway, I must get back to my homework, I have a lot to get done.    BTW, my book and&nbsp;my&nbsp;comic is coming out soon,&nbsp;and we are having a party to celebrate it!!&nbsp;All welcome!!&nbsp; 
0	so sad, now pud is gone too =( enough said about that.  also sad.. aparently (way to be that absolute last minute with the news) it will be one more week until rivalz opens during the day.. so i'm a night man again for this monday and wednesday... le sigh
0	So, I'm in trouble. Not even suppose to be on here. In trouble like whoa.. but it's okay, my mom will get over it sooner or later. I just have to work my ass off until then.. have to be a REALLY good kid. But, I'm not going to talk about what I did, because it's no one's business. I have a feeling that Schuster will say something to me tomorrow, just maybe, and if he does I'll just tell him that it's not his business to be talking about it to me. For once he can stay out of something.   Altogether my day was good, though. I have to work tomorrow, which royally bites, but there isn't anything I can do about that. -sigh- I hope the weather is nice tomorrow.   So, my mom is on the phone with my dad right now. Talking about me.  How wonderful. -sigh-   I make my own life crappy.  I miss you, and I'll talk to you later. &lt;3 And I still have ink pen all over me. ^_^ cutie pie. lol.
1	      the_little_sasi    replied to my post in hindi. check this http://www.livejournal.com/users/bhavana r/16209.html?thread=46417#t46417 
1	I got called in to work today.  I was scheduled for 40 hours, so if I keep all the hours I was scheduled, I will have 50 hours this week.    I can't wait for the OKP Beltane 2005.
1	Right, that whole posting thing...  It's official, I'm actually moving.  To a reasonably nice 1-bedroom apt. in Primos.  It's not perfect, but the location is excellent -- a five minute walk to the R3 station, three stops from Swat; a 12 minute walk to the 109, 23 minutes from 69th St.; about a fifteen or twenty minute bike ride to Swat.  And, a five minute walk to an actual supermarket, which hopefully will encourage me to eat more healthily.  I'm moving September 18th, to give me time to clean up the apartment in Norristown (and hopefully get the security deposit back) before the lease ends on September 30th.  Now I just have to pack up all my stuff...  Also, I'm going to Boston in two days, to visit folks and then to go to Worldcon.  In other news, many happy returns to       carpenter    and       rushthatspeaks   !
1	So I got bored and decided to change my LJ colors around from black/white to black/red/white I think it looks better like this.  There were two new Remembering Never songs released  http://www.ferretstyle.com/artist.php?a id=7  for anyone that doesn't know and likes them. The first one is blah the second one is really good. :)
1	Tomorrow is the 11th. *attempts to make time move forward* I want it to be tomorrow now.
1	Check out the link :  http://www.lboro.ac.uk/gawc/citylist.ht ml  This page provides links to the official web sites of those cities identified as world cities by GaWC. The list is also available as an interactive map.
1	So, I am coming home next Tuesday.  I booked my flight yesterday.  My stupid company finally decided to ship the car back to cali.  This pisses me off cause that's what i told them to do a month ago.  I could have already found a job in that time.  Anyway.  The carpet cleaner is coming on Friday.  I have most of my stuff moved out already.  A friend in the forwarding industry is moving my stuff back for me for free.  Also, I got a call from a couple of other forwarders that want to interview me when i get back.  I hope to find a job by the end of the month.  When i get back i'm gonna be installing the turbo on my crx.  That will be cool.  Found out Lach started up a company with his friend doing steel fabrication.  Hopefully i'll be able to use his shop for the install (he's building my downpipe and intercooler piping!!!).  I'm very excited to get back home.  I miss all my friends and family, especially Anna.
0	I am once again unemployed. wasnt fast enough, wasnt good enough...  I am the queen of mediocrity.  I want more from my life, and I  am beginning to see I wont ever get it.  I hope I can be content with Christ.
1	hahahaha....well not really important....but next week, on my birthday, i would like to request any seniors that usually lkeave to stayu back and chill with us at our table....also, i will be having a special guest next thursday, i just talked to my aunt and she sayds it's fine if my little cousin connor comes and eats with me that day, hes 6.  so if anyone wants to meet him come to cafeteria B, im telling you, hes a riot, but you will have to see for yourself.....hehehe, thought id tell evryone, do not forget my b-day next week evryone, it's thrusday.....later^_^  ~Stephan~
1	Will be getting everything paid to federal back, and everything but $196 back from the state.  *note* if you're in college, and you're not taking the Hope Education Credit, or the the Lifetime Learning Credit,  you're screwing yourself out of money.  With this, I will now be in Florida for Spring Break, Canada to get a Talon, and save the rest for my house.  POINTLESS WOOT'R!!!
1	So, over the weekend, I  finally  got off my pillow and hunted around for my bobbin/lacemaking supplies....    I thought I had a few more bobbins than I did, but happy I found my bobbins at all. I even found the lace that I thought I lost (nicely rolled up into a container I had put there 2 years ago, to keep it "safe and clean" sheesh...), so if I can get a photo of it, I'll share with the group.  Now, my current dilemma is that I can't find my other pattern I first learned with, which is a very lovely pattern and it probably sitting in my parents' house. Go figure. Anyway...I was hoping folks might be able to direct me to any books/free patterns on the web I could take a gander at so I can do something different!  I got 12 bobbins, fellow lacemakers. Any suggestions?!?!?!
0	Mum says I'm getting too chubby so she stopped sending me muffins. :( Ill have to stock up tomorrow morning at breakfast. There had better be chocolate chip.  People disappear a lot around here. Dad told me about this thing out in the oshan once called the bermuda triangle where lots of people and boats disappear and nobody ever finds them. Maybe hogwarts is like that, only with less water.  We have a lake though.
1	I have to admit, I am stunned.  I am down 4 pounds.  *blink*  In a week.  I was surprised when I gained a pound last week, but still.  I guess it was water gain last week, but still.  I am really thrilled.  And honestly, it really helps face the holidays.  It means I am feeling more focused and anxious to stick with it.  *smile*  And that will really help.  I am off work after I leave today until the New Year.  So I really want to enjoy the time off.  But the loss also reminds me that I can't just let go.  I can't stop exercising and eating right.  I want to be healthy for the new year.  Happy holidays all!
1	today was the most boring day of my entire life!  i had the reading graduation exam.........hope i passed cause i will die if i have to take it again.....  hope everbody's day was ok....good luck on the english exam...  ashy: i updated are you happy?...and yeah we will have to do somethin this weekend.....  call me A.S.A.P.  i have got to tell you something.....'bout a boy!!!!!!!  call me!!!!!  good luck and have a great day everybody......  _JLO_88
1	9am start this morning, managed to get to maths before the start of the class for once, was very proud of myself. Actually understood everything we were doing as well, probably because for a change I was properly awake. Then made my way towards STA Travel where I met Mike on the way. Hadn't seen him since the last day of my summer job last year, so we went for a quick drink at Millie's Cookies. Had a bit of a chat, after which I set off again for the travel agents. Got my flights sorted quickly, since I'd already got a quote for specific flights when I was there last week. Flying from Glasgow to Chicago on the 29th of May and flying back on the 27th of June, landing back in sunny Scotland early on the 28th. A month with       sightless    may well be the most fun month I've ever had :-)  Can't. Wait.
1	Well, I've taken my first (short) step toward Florida, the 50 miles to my parents' house, where I'm picking up the car.  I leave now to begin the trip in earnest.
1	I like Baker. It's nice there. I am glad to be back at school. I am happy. Mikey makes me happy. I am tired. Full time employee, full time student, full time sleeper... there goes my 24 hours in a day. I am going to sleep now. Goodnight and sweet dreams. Later kids.
0	im starting to think it may be time to see some professional help. i dont know whats going on with myself anymore. today i spent a good 5 minutes in the bathroom at work just crying leaning againt the wall in a stall. and i couldnt exactly pinpoint what it was about. i cant express myself the way i want to so now im finding myself just staying quiet and its hurting other people. i try talking to my mom and that just turns into me having a blood sugar problem. i try talking to other people but i dont know what to say and cant find the words to say it. i cant concentrate on things. my head is spinning. i dont know if this is the medication or if its me. im just scared. im not used to having crying fits. i dont know what to do right now. help....
1	I deleted my community it was dull so....... I didnt even kow how to use it so Bye Bye Community
0	Am i the only 1 who feels like they can never please their mother? That they juss fell like a slave?  Sometimes I think I'm living a lie, And that all I wanna do is cry, I fell all alone, I juss wanna leave this place they call home, No1 sees wht i go through, And I dont know what to do..., I wish  that I could move somewhere far far away, Well.....That'll come one day, Until then I can only wait, And live day by day with this pain, Wait....Pain doesn't hurt me when that's all I've ever felt, Sometimes i don't think I could shed another tear, But Everday is the same... All 1 BIG fear.
1	I received my concertina in the mail yesterday.  Very exciting... woo!!  Unfortunately, receiving it did not instantly bestow me with concertina-playing powers.  So I went to Powell's to find some books on it... the search proved futile.  However, I discovered that my _first love ever_ -- from Lawrence -- works at Powell's now:  amazing.  I did notice his wedding ring, so that makes me a little sad... BUT how strange is it to run into your 16-year-old-self's crush 1800 miles away from where the whole crush developed?   Made me giddy all day... if I could actually play my concertina musically, I would've composed a song about it.
1	well i'm only writing in here because diaryland doesn't work, you know.  but i mean, today my co-worker lupe, he was whispering a lot, and i don't even know why he was, but he sure was whispering, and then he asked in a regular voice, "what are you doing tomorrow?"   and it was pretty funny because i mean, he only spoke in a regular voice, but after all that whispering it sounded pretty loud. man, hella funny.  like in that bad credit song.  "BILL GATES." "WHAT." "YOU OWE ME FIVE BUCKS." "BILL GATES." "WHAT." "YOU OWE ME FIVE BUCKS." "bill gates. "WHAT."  comedic tact. yeah.  today i'm going to the store to buy a red dress. i had salt and vinegar chips for lunch too, and they were pretty good. i think "pretty" is my new favorite adverb.
1	Heeeeeeeeeey alright we suck at planning, but at least now we have plans! They're not very good, I'll admit that...but I'm really excited. Bring on the fielding! I've even got a new belt. Score. On a sadder note, the death poll for the tsunami is now over 135,000.... shit. What a bad way for New Year, huh?  wow, I'm the shoe lady :) Stas just asked me which shoe goes on which foot....bless him. Erm New Year's resolutions:  1.worry less 2.be nicer to everyone 3.pervy-man-wink at least one person I don't know 4.to stop reading into everything 5.listen to beth's advice at least once  6.eat less ice cream 7.play guitar better 8.do well at GCSE's 9.get grounded less 10.smile every day 5 000 000 times   HAPPY NEW YEAR'S EVE!!!!
1	wheeee!!!!! BETH IS THE GREATEST. lol i am so excited about this community!! XD Beth, you're turning into a cult leader...you have followers now!!
1	Saw LOTR III ROTK last week and I'm hooked. Yes I saw I and II before and I didn't love nor hate LOTR until now. Isn't it funny I'm a fan of it after I saw the end of the story? Saw III just because it's the end of the story. But the friendship between Sam and Frodo is really touching and they finally finished the "tast impossible". The only thing I don't get is why Frodo has to leave at the end, after 4-5 years when the ring destroyed, with Biblo (sp?) and the elves?  So this weekend I rent I and II again to get the full picture of the story. Since I already forgot part of it. Now I wanna see III again :P
1	Today:  The Beekeeper  is released!  Thursday: get to see Jonathan Demme in person, following an advanced screening of  The Agronomist   Friday:  Silence of the Lambs  plays on the big screen at midnight  Fri/Sat/Sun: Maggie's production of Alcestis is performed at 8 at the Slusher Street Theater (521 Conradi Street)! If you're in Tallahassee you should make an effort to come see it. I saw the dress rehearsal last night, and it's going to be amazing.
0	But February made me shiver, With every paper I'd deliver. Bad news on the doorstep, I couldn't take one more step.  I can't remember if I cried, When I read about his widowed bride. But something touched me deep inside,  The day the music died .
1	Yeah, I'm working at UPenn Hospital today, tommorrow, and Thursday.  Pretty sweet.  No Houlihan's for three days.  Just wanted to apologize to the world for being MIA for this entire summer so far.  As I just posted in a comment on Kara's LJ, I average aboot 60 hours a week between my two jobs.  So yeah, I'm not dead.....just busy.  For those of you who don't know, I turned 21 on the 14th of July.  My brother, his best bud Athan, Stenson (who also turned 21 recently on the 7th of July), and I went out to some bars in Philly and ended up at Club Risque.  Highly suggest club Risque.  If anyone is interested in rollin' cigarrette-sized paper and/or cigar-sized paper filled with marijuana, gimme a call.  I'm watchin' the Phils tonight with my bro at a bar, and then we is rollin' to 15 North in West Chester.  15 North+Tuesday night=$1 red bull/vodka.  Word.  Peace
1	The amateur  LEGO  stop-motion animation group,  Lego Goes To Hollywood , state that it took 76 hours to convert Michael Jackson's short film/music video  "Thriller"  into LEGO form; the product of their labor should take you only about a second to enjoy.  "Due to my strong personal convictions, I wish to stress that this film in no way endorses a belief in the occult." - Michael Jackson   Michael Jackson - Thriller (Lego Goes To Hollywood Version)  (music video) *  * All characters and events in this music video are fictitious. Any similarity to actual events or persons living, dead, (or undead) is purely coincidental.
1	 i think i've bagged me a new job, a good one too. my friend works in a salon which is apparently desperate for staff. the boss wants to take me on as an apprentice and has said as long as i'm friendly and chatty, i've got the job! got to go see him tomorrow at 3:00pm. it'll be proper bo i tell thee.    hopefully i'm going to see my dad on sunday too! i don't know what i have done to deserve all this good stuff to happen to me but someone upstairs is obviously looking after me and trying to cheer me up! saying that, i inherited a rosery the other day and i think they're ment to be lucky. i'm from a catholic family and it was my gran's. she left it&nbsp;for me but my mum had it in one of her draws and when she sorted through them she found it and gave it to me.    i haven't posted for ages and i still don't really have anything to say. jees, i'm such a bore!     well i'm going to go find some socks now because i have really cold feet! 
1	The cable guy just got to our house!  When I get home I'll have digital cable and high speed internet!!!!
1	okay so as u all know .....or not ...i am the new religious doctor/ priestess...whatever thingy so if u need to be healed ...or u need an exorcism done ill be here ..waiting :) yes this will be fun lol we r gonna have to make t- shirts or something..........or buttons.........that would be cool....:) woot so now i guess im a part of the lj community ...........thats cool i feel very accepted so if any of you need my services ....ill be around                             -may god keep your souls ..........
1	Yes, you read it here first!  I worship and adore and whore myself out to the great DJ.  He has re-designed THREE of my characters.           Oh, and here's Riku's heartless design in fullll freaaaakinnnngggg color!!!     Bow before DJ's greatness.  And those on slower connections...deal with it.  I'm on one, too XD
1	Well this week should be fuckin fun. Tomorrow i'm goin to St. Brides with my parents and shit, that shoould be fun. But thursday is when all the fun will be happenin. Thursday i am leaving my parents and goin to gooseberry cove. Yup, that should be fun indeed. And jenn if u read this before i leave tomorrow morning: PARTY!!!!!! hahaha. yup, c ya then jenn! :D  anyways yea thats all i gotta say haha, c ya all lata and have a good week :D
0	God willing, when I am done with school, and then residency, I will be a doctor.  Right now, I am wavering between being a GP and being an OB/GYN.  A lot of it will have to do with where I am able to take my residency, and what the need is.  I'm not going to do abortions, and I don't really plan to do anything controversial...but it scares me that if I do, or even if I do something that's perceived by someone, somewhere, as bad or wrong, they might come after me.  What a world.
1	-- all the people on my LiveJournal friends list. I can't get through my days without all of you folks! Hope you can all be with those you love in body, mind, and spirit (or as many of those as you can get).   *hugs*
1	So all of the sudden I've embraced my Capricornianess, I have set my self on a business venture. The idea is awesome and it is totally no risk!!! Yeah! Now I have to study a bunch of shit and learn about computer graphics and ecommerce. But I have felt extremely motivated and excited cause I see where this could go. Other than this new developement been being lazy with the online rpging (Yeah for killin shit, or in my case healin shit). My best friend is 30% efaced and 1cm dialated on last check, so I told her she's going to have the baby on Monday.lol. Which would be convenient cause I accidentally scheduled my wisdom teeth being pulled 2 days before her due date, which I totally got bitched out about. And the bestest news Aaron and I are getting $4000 back in taxes, can you say new car? YEAH!!! So life pretty much rocks. There are also alot of details going on on the spiritual and philosophical front for me too, but I won't bore you with that....today. lol
0	      My Best Friend   is       pullthepills        Our 34 common interests are:  art, brand new, creativity, dashboard confessional, drawing, emo, finch, guitar, hoodies, hugs, improv, jewel, kisses, kissing, love, moulin rouge, movies, music, nirvana, no doubt, oasis, our lady peace, peace-a-chord, photography, poetry, stars, taking back sunday, the juliana theory, the simpsons, the smiths, the used, undergrads, writing, yellowcard    Who is your best friend?  Username:         Created by       macoto         xx copy and paste this into your journal:     &lt;*font color="yourusername"*&gt; *yourusername* &lt;*/font*&gt;. xx eliminate the asterisks. xx see what color you are.    warpedblonde 
1	 this weekend was  awesome . flippin awesome! no other words describe how halirious it was!    &nbsp;i love hockey players!! JANUARY 8=GOOD DAY!    i think its annoying when people say that you can't die from drugs, but what the poo do you know? you can. the end!    i have the coolest friends ever!    this weekend is gonna be sweet because its a 3 day weekend, im only working twice for like 4 hours, im going snowboarding on sunday with cool people, on monday im going shopping with dustin and his cool friends prob, and sometime im suposed to hang out with KT!!! yahoo! i can't wait!    look at my new pictures!!! --&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;  http://community.webshots.com/users/imco olerthanu  
1	Today is the second day of   Sakura Matsuki  , which is the Japanese cherry blossom festival. Sakura Matsuki is a Japanese tradition that happens every year. Basically speaking, it's our way of welcoming Spring. The season lasts for approximately a month, and is usually host to many parties. Traditionally the Japanese wear costumes to celebrate at said parties.  So here's where you come in.   Who: You, and yours. Everyone who's anyone is invited! What: A Sakura Matsuki party. Where: My LA beach house. When:  April 1st, 2004. Why: Why not?    The only hitch is that I require that you dress up. This could be a costume or formal attire - it's your call. Anything goes, really.   Please RSVP so that I can get enough champagne , akura-yu (cherry water), and sake for everyone!   I hope to see you all there!
0	leave it to my body to spoil london.  i have never been in so much pain before. and now surgery... ew.  all i want to do is be home with landon right now.
1	I know they don't get up here a lot but i have to thank them and let them know how much they help me so far for my one year at school. Thanks to my brother-in-law and sissy who are the best couple i have ever met and the best friends i have ever had at any school. Yall mean a lot to me and i want to make sure you both know. Love ya Lots Jennifer
0	  im sooo saddd..  i need a valentine .. flip..who wants to be my valentine no one i know&nbsp; i reallllllyyyy like cole and that other kid&nbsp; lol i made elmo and blues clues valentines for like a lot of ppl hahah i need a valentine once again&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;&lt;3333&nbsp; ohh ya one more thingg i no this may sound&nbsp; stupid but what does "emo" mean ????!?!?! please tell me i feel stupid with everyopone saying that word and i dont know what it means haha im retarded lol  
1	Woop! Me and Miss Jacs are off to see Thea gilmore tomorrow!   *wiggles*  xxx
1	i passed my thesis!!!!!!!!!!! im so happy!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	       You scored as  Earlobe Piercing . Awwww aren't you cute with your little goody-goody attitude and what not. Maybe you should stop being so freaking nice and go and burn something. I mean seriously.       Belly Button Piercing             90%       Earlobe Piercing             90%       Tongue Piercing             80%       Nose Piercing             80%       Cartilage Piercing             60%       Dirty Piercings             50%       Labret Piercing             50%       Nipples             40%       Lip Piercing             20%        What Piercing Are You?   created with  QuizFarm.com          Its funny how the top 3 are ones that i actually have LOL!Cool!Wish i could get my nose pierced but i cant b/c of work :/
0	I am unhappy with myself.  I think I have cabin fever, no, I do have cabin fever.  I had a dream last night in which I feel asleep next to a lake on a bed of luscious green and with a blanket of stars.  I miss summer--I miss green grass and warm nights and blowing bubbles and being able to write and orange juice. I need something more than this... I'm sorry that I can't be myself and I'm sorry that I'm back to apolgising.
1	And in mostly functional condition!  :)  At first, things were looking a bit scary, as the computer box had been a bit battered...upon opening the box, the case had definately taken a beating, but I wasn't too worried...as a computer person, I've made a computer work without a case before (with the help of some friends  :) ).  But I plugged it in, pushed the power button...nothing.  A bit of worry, but then I put my troubleshooting skills to work.  Test the power supply (by jumping power connectors, zerwalter knows what I'm talking about)...works.  Whew.  Turn on the computer manually by shorting the power switch jumpers on the motherboard...power on.  YAY!!!! :)  The power switch seems to have died, so I just swapped the jumper with the reset switch and my reset switch is now my power button. :)  Sorry I haven't posted more, hopefully will post more in the future...for now, signing off from Italy! :)
0	waha. i've read kurt cobain's journals for about 4 times already and i started reading it again... and the weird thing is, i was so influenced by that guy, he's now my icon. went to divi kanina to shop for clothes. bought a flannel longsleeves, a warmer from nike(round neck longsleeves), and faded jeans. pretty much like kurt's fashion neh... but i doubt if i could carry the flannel longsleeves. but it's his favorite kind of shirt what more can i do? and the rest of the day was pretty boring, watched the 3 hour apprentice special kanina. Bill won, i really thought Amy would win. anyway... maybe i would post random or my favorite excerpts from Kurt's Journal one of these days. as for now, ciao!
0	Sad news.  Tori is sold out for April 12th.  Last time she came back for a second round so keep your fingers crossed!  In other news, I FINALLY got to talk to Brian last night and feel much better.  He is in LA after a crazy week of moving and tying up loose ends, though he has a few more he's trying to take care of.  There's a birthday party/dinner next Saturday night for his grandfather in LA so he'll probably fly back on Sunday or Monday.  Can't wait!!
1	Although we have experience bringing Glenda for long ride but I am actually more nervous this round. The older she gets, the more headache we have with her in the car. She can scream and shout once we get in till we reach the next destination...  Imagine.... S'pore to KL to Genting..   Surprisingly, she behaves quite well... and the trip is very pleasent. Think she really enjoys the weather...                
1	When I scanned the colour ones, this thought went through my head.. "dear lord, the colour is awful!" I hoped it was just the scanner.  When I looked through the real versions, I decided that, yes, it IS an evil scanner conspiracy.  *whew*     in no particular order...    Did this last night, I belive.  Or was it the night before?  *can't remember*  I couldn't sleep so I sat in the hall and doodled.    Had fun with this.  The pen marks really aren't that bad on the real copy.  I think it's a decent self-portrait.  Then again, maybe I'm full of shit. :)    Little sketch I did while on IM w/ Vaz.  I thought it was cute    More of Vivica.  She may be in the webcomic, because I really like her.  I want her hair, dammit. :) lol  and there you have it   pleasant something, mortals -Mornee
0	It's a moan journal. I only ever seem to update when I'm feeling low. And it's got to be bloody low to do that as well. I'm not sure why I'm feeling so low either, but I've got to entertain old friends tonight so I'd better get a grip on myself.  Did FA at Uni today. Tutorial was useless, didn't know what i was doing. Not the faintest. Well done min...  Want to curl up and go to sleep but that's not going to be too helpful. I need to work. And to work I need to concentrate and to concentrate... You get the picture, I'm procrastinating. I'm just bored with life atm I think.
1	Rachel: "The computer went "VRRRMMMMM" at me"  This was probs funnier on phone...
1	OK, is my mind in the gutter, or is this not the most homoerotic thing you've ever seen?     The caption reads  "Phil Mickelson flinches in agony after missing the putt on the 18th green that would have tied the score with Tiger Woods Sunday, March 6, 2005 at the Ford Championship at Doral in Doral, Fla. Woods won with a score of 24 under parr, one shot better than Mickelson. (AP Photo/Steve Mitchell)"  but from the look on his face, I think he likes it. Ladies, this is why your husbands  really  enjoy golf so much ;-)  This reminds me, one of our Republican friends asked me why I liked basketball, adding that if he wanted to see a bunch of monkeys throwing a ball around, he'd go to the zoo. Knowing that he is an avid golfer and without missing a beat, I replied that if I wanted to see a bunch of men swinging clubs, I'd watch the Flinstones. Yaba-daba-doo!  OK, back to work.
1	  Well well well, the old fashioned 17th century vampire, one of my faves. You look for the good things in life, you posses a lot of classical class, and follow that of the original vampires, you have no shame in what you are, infact you embrace it, you love it and wouldn't have it any other way. Your wealth is unspeakable and your way of luring people with your mystical ways and looks is amazing, and most people would often call you The Seductress. Please rate this quiz!      What Kind Of Vampire Would You Be. (New And Improved, With COOL Pics!!!)  FOR GIRLS ONLY!!!!     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	Next week's session is cancelled, because I can't make it.  We meet again on March 17th, at  18:30 , at Ayelet's.
0	i'm depressed.. anxious and i want to die... someone..
1	well, $70, and 1 hour later, the car is back in running condition...it was the igition switch that was causing me problems.  i wish my batavus was that easy to fix.  ah...the batavus, a bitter-sweet romance.  no matter how difficult it is, i will always love that bike.  i went to the airport (again), and picked up bret's moped engine that they wouldn't let him take on the plane...i was laughing to myself the whole time because i am wearing my new suffering shirt, and people were giving me really funny looks, and one guy even stopped me so he could read what it said...hahaha.  now...to benaroya hall for work.  have a nice day.
0	I watch from afar People playing With their children Throwing a ball Back and forth I will never be able to join.  I watch from afar People laughing Sharing joy and happiness With loved ones I can never join For darkness clouds me.  I watch from afar the sunlight Shining, warming people's lives They pause in their tasks Allowing the warmness fill their soul I am blocked from joining My heart is cold Light can not penetrate   Can anyone else see that I was not in the best of moods yesterday when I wrote this...*sighs*
0	Well, I didn't find any clothes that I just couldn't live without while shopping with       galtine1    tonight, so I'm going shopping at a different Lane Bryant on Saturday with       samuraimeg   .  I've got a discount coupon (if I can find it), and $75 in "Real Woman" dollars to use... so I should be able to get around $200 worth of clothes for around $75 out of pocket.
1	Yesterday, Kenneth and I went to the Laffy.  We met up with Holden and went to Best Buy, which meant I spent money.  I'm totally happy with it though.  I bought two DVDs,  Half-Baked  and Eddie Izzard's  Circle .  Then CDs.  I got so many happiness ones. The Mars Volta -  Francis The Mute  (Didn't listen to it yet) Killswitch Engage -  Killswitch Engage  (Not yet, but it's KsE, so it's good) Avenged Sevenfold -  Waking The Fallen  (This CD's very good hard rock.  It's really nice.) Arcade Fire -  Funeral  (Nice indie rock, but the actual layout of the CD's awesome) Between The Buried And Me -  The Silent Circus  (Totally awesome one right here.  It goes from death metal to slow acoustic stuff to hard rock and all over.  Very happy here.)  Later.
0	well..i think my mom is dying of something really bad...i dont' know what..she's been sick forever..and they keep putting her on wrong meds, i know it...  there is something those dumbass docs are not finding...and she's going to die, and it'll be too later....  so sad... so real    I dont know if it's real, or if im tripping out... but it's 100% possible... makes me want to take things a little less for granite.
1	 Guess who's coming to  dinner  town?   *pokes world in general*  Let's just say, I don't care if my credit card maxes out, I'll be there.&nbsp; With bells on.
0	The trouble with DVD song menus that continue with the movie when the song is over is that then you can't stop watching. So I quite unintentionally discovered that  Kal Ho Naa Ho  is an exceptionally sad movie, and it puts a song I thought was a happy one in an entirely new light. And I just spent the last half hour crying over Shah Rukh Khan when I should have been cutting 800 words out of my damn story.   Damn Shah Rukh for being such a fine actor.   On another note, I am in love with Saif Ali Khan. (James understands.) He's almost got that Nice Jewish Boy look to him ... perhaps he's a  Hinjew . (Okay, so the name "Saif Ali Khan" doesn't exactly suggest Hindu or Jewish. Fine. I just wanted an excuse to mention Hinjews.)   Quote of the day, from  Bride and Prejudice :  Will Darcy, on his impressions of Indian dancing: "I'm a hopeless dancer, but this looks like you just screw in a light bulb with one hand, you pet the dog with the other." Well, it's much funnier  in context .   
0	Dark or pale, you always consider yourself a queen.  But you're not.  You will never be able to have it all. You say you know this, but you're in denial.  The truth is, you're spoiled.  Spoiled to the core.  And you wonder why you can't get what you want.  You truly know much,  except the fact that you can't have it all.  Accept the fact that you can't have it all. Dark, you still have so much to learn.  Pale, you're still a commoner like the rest of us. Wake up!
1	Ok, so I'm going to Realitystock in a few hours... rock the stock yo!... anyways, it's going to be aweshum. Nothing else left to say except Katie, I'm going to put these lyrics up here and I don't care if you know them or not, but I sware the next ones will be Reliant K!  Kino  Jeden Abend um die gleiche Zeit Vor der Kasse für den Film bereit Sternenglanz aus Hollywood Bogart mit Trenchcoat und Hut Alles klar  Möchten sie 'nen Film mit Marilyn Oder lieber mit James Dean Ich warte auf das Happyend Arm in Arm mit Gary Grant Alles klar  Um Mitternacht sitz' ich im Kino Um Mitternacht läuft das Spätprogramm Um Mitternacht sitz' ich im Kino Ich seh' mir alles an  In der Reihe eins bis zehn Kann man leichenblasse Leute sehn Hinter mir im Hochparkett Findet man die Monster nett Alles klar  Durch die Nacht der langen Messer Geistern Zombies, Menschenfresser Im Kino ist der Teufel los Ich hab's gewußt was mach ich bloß Nichts ist klar  ~ Laser
0	Rest in Peace, my little girl.    Cookie Corkey Kogos 1990-July 25,2004.     
1	Woo hoo!  Got my "Grave Peril" on CD today!  The packaging is slightly different from the first two CD sets, but who cares?  It's 10 hours and 20 minutes of James talking.  The only thing that could make this better would be if I could see James reading it, too.  Ah well.  I just have to wait until I see him this summer. :)
1	First of all Rog doesn’t hate me... at least I don’t think he does. It’s fun to watch him though. He’s staring at Galdor all the time...really cute. (I wonder if I look like that when I’m looking at Rogion??) But it’s really funny to watch Rogion.  I know he’s speculating about Rog and Galdor though I wonder why. Really, I think he must be blind *g* You just have to see how those two look at each other, and you know that they definitely are in love with each other.  Maybe I should tell him later when we’re alone *g* Or else he might be too distracted for other things...  Then that jewel...can it really heal Narminco? I really want to believe it... But I know, I’ll be very disappointed if not *sigh* better not think about it too much. It’s worth a try, I guess...
1	  Happy Birthday       jillthepill    !!!       &nbsp;    Make a wish, and hope it comes true on your birthday...    &nbsp;    &nbsp;    &nbsp;    Nope, that didn't work, he's still in the white house.    &nbsp;    Well, have a good one anyway! 
0	I just got bad news.  My Uncle Peter passed away today.  Times like this it's frustrating that I live so far away from my family (they are in Connecticut).   I'm just so glad I was able to see him on my trip in January.  Unfortunately my company's bereavement policy does not allow for time off due to the death of an uncle.
1	oooh well today i went out with zenia,her sister mirka and nadia!  like omg mirka and nadia were moaning on  purpose so as to make others notice them and they were  swearing at some dudes O.o me and zenia were like wow  let's get out of here =S they were weird ahahaah =P but it was funny  afterwards nadia said she saw a woman staring at us  because mirka and nadia were doing weird stuff like kicking garbage bins =S and we started running woooow it sucked! ahahah =P    note:  wow i downloaded 3songs in 15minutes how cool is that?
1	Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday, whether in your own journal or in comments in my journal :-)  I was so feelin' the love with the LJ posts and comments and the e-mails from family members and phone calls from family and friends and just MMMMm Happiness :-)  My friends rock :-)
1	Hello. Im off to see my two bestest buddies today and i am really looking forward to it too.  I am finaly achieving my new years resolution, which is very good for me.  My piercing is just about completely healed too as it doesnt hurt as much when i poke it!!;-)  Also for some bizzarre reason i have been having really good hair and make up days recently......im waiting for the reverce of this as it is bound to happen soon.  But for now i aint complaining.Right chappys i see ya all later.luv you all.  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
1	The Angles clinched the AL West today with an awsome comeback win against the A's. They have been playing awsome in Sept. and I can't wait for the playoffs to start, my dad already had his tickets!!!!!!!!!
1	...err, well a new day at least. Am way too over excited about Troy (am seeing it a week friday) but think i may have made a mistake on deciding to see it with my boyfriend. He gets a little annoyed when I talk about the slashy sub(or not so sub)text and the gorgeous guys. Never mind will go and see it with friends later, they'll understand!
1	I just spent the last 3 hours drawing, which is more than all the time I've spent drawing in the last couple of months, and the most amount of time in one sitting that I've spent in the last couple of years, needless to say, I feel pretty good about that.  I'm trying to revamp my art style and even my process into something that I like better, I hope it works out. With any luck I'll be showing some of my stuff so I can see what'cha all think about it.  Perhaps 'The Adventures of Chris and Toilet' will happen after all...
1	The scholastic scrimmage teams for BAHS was finalized today. It's me, Cox, and some combination of Erin Horning, Bryan Hepfer, Big Darryl, and Whitney Fournicola. I'm not sure how exactly those last ones are organized, but I think it will be enough to defeat Mountoursville.   Got destroyed sunday in the fencing tournament, but that was about what I expected so it's not a big deal.  AP Chem is the best class ever.
1	My parents bought me a new car?  Umm, why?  It's a red Kia Rio, and uhh VERY different from my Escort Wagon. I have developed a lead foot due to the hard accelorator and breaks in the Escort. Now this is a brand new car, and I'm terrified to drive it. I'm a good driver, but, other people aren't. I feel like it's a luxury I don't deserve.  It's so weird.  Where the hell did my parents get the money for it?  I am thouroughly confused as all hell.  Not that I'm complaining, I just don't see why a 17 year old needs a brand new car...
1	TMEA is tomorrow!!! I still haven't even started packing yet. hehe. But yeah, I'm really excited! Its gonna be great fun...staying at the Westin, eating at Paezanos, good stuff good stuff. Call me after 9 while I'm gone (I have barely any day time minutes), but yeah, please call! :-D  OK, now, leave some fun memories for me to come back to!!!! :-D I had to do it and follow the crowd, its way too much fun. So, post any memories you have of me!!!!  LOVE YOU ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-D
1	 Unlike most people in my position, I'm actually an hourly employee.  It's great to actually  get paid  while working on servers over the weekend, or when you need to solve a user's problem when they call your cellphone on a sunday afternoon.  Yesterday the Accounting/HR Manager came and told me to stop working overtime unless it's unavoidable (i.e. the scenarios above.)  This led to me leaving my office before noon today, which is a decidedly odd feeling.  My commute is about 40 minutes each way, which means I drove an hour and a half to work three and a half hours--but at least I got to get my damned hair cut for the first time since like November, went to the election commission to change my address and voting districts from the move, and various and sundry other activities--including an actual sit-down lunch that lasted over an hour.  Ah, guilty bliss. 
1	     Hey.........im in study hall right now....its quite fun i guesss lol.....im so excited my party is tomorrow.....im tryin to get the stuff tomorrow hope i can get it.......well everything is goin like really good and i dont know why lol.......u know whats really sad i havent seen colleen for likeone day and i miss her really bad....i want to see her so bad.....i care about her so much.......shes so perfect i dont know what i would do with out her she everything to me.......and if anyone disagrees i will kill u and ur family lol.......im kiddin or am i dont test me just arrest me sorry i got into a stupid song actually its not really stupid........well im goin to go cause me and ego&nbsp; are lookin u ways to cheat stuff lol im outwe of here ttyl bye            COLLEEN LOVE U SO MUCH     
1	Welcome to my new journal lol! This is the premiere place to be for all things THING. THANKS FOR COMING!!!!!!!!!
1	Well Saturday i went to see Sin City, it was wicked good. It was confusing, so i need to see it again but excellent picture. Then i went to work, then i went home. Sunday i went to church then i dropped Ashlee off and got my dress. Then we drove to Best Buy and bought Honey, then we went in the Darthmouth mall. I came back and my dad checked my car, then we went to the Seekonk flee market. I got two new movies. I got Ice Princess which it is still in theaters, and Twisted. Then we went to a car dealer ship, left, went to the newport creamery. Then went home, i am excited i am getting stuff i want it rules.
1	This one's about... I dunno what it's about but I like it.        LiveJournal Haiku!       Your name:    cricketfighter      Your haiku:    the city in which we will be screened so that no one else will see      Username:                Created by  Grahame      
1	I hung out with one of my friend hector yesterday at the park, we talked for a while. I got into a fight with mickey the other night..... I dont want to go there. I'm going to see this chick Deanna I know after school tomorrow were gonna probably chill and  get a little twisted, afterwards I should be going to  see this foreign flick called walk on water with hector, I can tell hes a good friend. School is still gay.
1	fucking amazing  such a good minitour ... i'm definitely looking forward to winter tour  only bad part was that i didn't get to see hatch ... but it's not her fault, it's only because harvard sucks ... harvard was like 20 minutes away from where we were singing (taking the T) but she couldn't get anybody to go with her ... oh, well ... that's harvard for you
0	OMG   I hooked up with a 22 year old last night. I hate myself so much right now. I'm a dirty dirty pedophile. *wail*
1	i am gonna be so rushed when i get home today. i have to find a bag big enough to fit my pj's, my Lady Leonhart jacket, a white shirt, a pleather skirt, six belts, a gunblade, an Utena blouse, Utena pants, my Utena wig, my Utena hat, a fake rose, hair gel, a pair of boots, and a pair of black dance shoes. since class ends at 3:50, i'm gonna get home by 4:00, and leave at around 4:30.  oh, my dad finished my gunblade yesterday. it looks really cool now. it doesn't exactly look like Squall's gunblade, but then again, my costume isn't exactly like Squall, either.
0	I'm a bit unhappy for whatever reason, not sure. blah.  these meds don't work nearly as good as they should....I need more friends or something to keep me busy...like a job. i really need one of those.....what i demand to know, WHAT is stopping me??....oh yeah....me
1	Saw the doc today- I made John stay home and help me as I was very uncomfortable and barely able to walk this morning. We are measuring at 39 weeks (a full 5 weeks ahead, meaning Jules is either very large or the dates are off. I have cervical changes too, and everything points to her arrival sooner than later! I'm just hoping to get through to the end of the month, but the doc's not convinced that I'll make it. I'm a little freaked out about the impending surgery but mostly excited to see her and meet her. The current plan is to take it easy and wait patiently..... We will see what happens!   John is working on the yard and Joe and I are going to nap, hopefully. Later is the final touches to Jules' room, and the final packing of the bag for the hospital! :)
1	like bloody ham-chunks. seriously. i have cramps too. AND I STILL HAVE A MIGRAINE. my brain is rotting i think. what the fuck is up with that. maybe this little quiz thing explains it all?           Your Brain is 13.33% Female, 86.67% Male            You've got the brain of a manly man  Feelings, schmeelings... tears aren't for you.  You could break both legs and not get misty eyed.  A great problem solver, nothing ever phases you.         What Gender Is Your Brain?        tonight was another night hanging out with jackson. i love that kid. best friends! i'd go insane in this town without him. i burned some sick cds for him. a few of them that i included were the new comeback kid, arkangel, think i care, tear it up, shutdown, good clean fun, ILL MITCH, and others. i'm a good best friend. :)
1	just got a call from bill and lauren neff! live from d.c.!!! breathing the same air as our dear president! words just can't even begin to describe how exciting that is!  i wanna go to the texas-wyoming ball! all i can say is, i hope there's line dancing. and george. and cowboy boots. :)
0	I feel lonely...   But this is gonna by MY year... 3jan I am gonna go to a new help person,I'm getting on the birth-control pil for my skin problem. And inside I am gonna be fine.  Although I cant really see that now.. 
1	I think the subject says it all.  This is a tribute to Angela Burril.  It was fun while it lasted.  But you are fuckin nuts.  Like, my nuts are put away and your nuts are exposed
1	yeahhh!! me n Lauren are gonna go see Britney in June! i told her on aim that i needed to ask Tionna something, and of course i told her what it was, and she said 'i wanna go see britney spears, she's awesome!' i honestly thought she was all 'hiss.. britney spears.. hiss' we still have to ask our parents though, but im sure it will be ok. *crosses fingers* we will most likely have to get lawn seats with the ticket prices being so high, but that just fine with me! as long as i come home with a butt load of pictures, amazing memories along with some more of those good ol' inside jokes, and a t-shirt, i'll be good! i best stop talkin bout this like it's tomorrow or im gonna get way to excited for my own good, and it ain't even offical yet. lol. o well! yeppers. well i have to go try n burn In The Zone, and Stripped for Lauren. so im out! 
1	                              the end. comic later.
1	Hells yes.  We won, going on the acc championship against georgia tech my man redick scored a record high 35 points today and he played beautifully but not as well as melchionni played last night.  i can't believe georgia tech beat unc.  awesome shit
1	whoever started me on watching that 70's show.... is awesome. because i watch it everyday and it makes me laugh.
1	I just want to say Happy Birthday to   Ogre  !!!     Happy Birthday Darling!     Shall I come back to bed now?
0	jessica's going to the winter formal dance at U of I this friday, without me since i gotta work, and she still seems to wonder why i'm upset about it, i mean i trust her and all, but still, i know she wouldn't want me going to something like that without her.  maybe i just worry too much, but it still kinda sucks that she's still dying to go to this without me.
1	The Dresden Doll to Support Nine Inch Nails for U.S. Tour  it doesnt get better......no....no it doesnt.
0	My heart and my prayers go out to everyone who is suffering from the Pope's passing.  In some ways I feel that we all have suffered a loss.  Regardless of what anyone thinks of Catholicism or religion in general, he was truly a Holy man, and a good man, and he has done so much in his life for the benefit of others. He has my great respect.    I am not Catholic but I do feel the loss, and I know it will hit home even more tomorrow when I am at church and around others who will be mourning his passing.  Anything I have to say has probably already been said by many others. But if you really want to understand just how others are affected and how much the Pope has meant to so many, please go read       corngirl_jo   's post:  HERE .  It is very long, but please read it all, it's worth your time.  *hugs to all*
1	*squee*  Yesterday       dungeons_master    gave me this wonderful present:        It's too  CUTE  for words! &gt;&lt;   ThanksThanksThanksThanksThanks!
1	         You Are a Golden Retriever Puppy                 Tolerant, fun-loving, and patient. You are eager to please - and attached to your frisbee.          What Breed of Puppy Are You?   
0	Typical of the kind of month I'm having:  Not only did my senior do nothing for my revealing, she didn't even show up.    I'm seriously thinking about transfering my birthday to February.  At least that month didn't suck royal butt.
0	Well, perhaps i got it wrong? I called the number twice and no answer. I tried to send a text message and it just wouldn't send. She wasn't on the bus today either..oh well. :(
1	i forgot a name in my identity:   elsa anne yarbrough futch DEVITO perez ajodha   (again, i will keep u posted as my identity changes, ttyl)   (in 24 hours i will b dreaming sweet dreams bout going to states, i am so excited!!!)
0	The pope died last night.  Anyone who knows me understands that I'm not very good at being a practicing Catholic...but still, this affects me. I mean, the man was 84 years old, and was such a powerful figure...I dunno.  I'm glad I got a chance to go to see him during World Youth Day week in T.O.   i remember reading about his life back in Poland when I was young...I dunno. I guess it might have something to do with the fact that I've never known anyone who's died...and this guy has been around all my life. And he was just so cool.   Anyways. May he rest in peace.
0	         Haiku by angel_lite           is funny really my boy and i have only spent one night apart         Username:         Haiku!  by  Hutta .        
1	 &nbsp;    hmmmmm.... i dont know wer to start but i just wanna say.... I LOVE KIDS NA!!!!!!! hahahaha KIDS ROCK! =) thanks       kaiweasly   &nbsp; for that pic =) lav yah kai!!!    &nbsp;    well this is my HONEY.... my baby.. opppsssss&nbsp;my HONEY lng pl coz U-KNOW is my Baby hahahaha....&nbsp;    &nbsp;    this is my Joongie.... my honey hahaha    &nbsp;     &nbsp;    &nbsp;    so to you my hany, i still love you hehehehe but this kid really rock =)    &nbsp; 
1	From Pelican Parts:  "Here's a link to a K1200R screaming on the dyno and the story claims 178 bhp (must be at the crank I guess). It sure does sound good though."   http://home.wanadoo.nl/nathaliestal man/k1200.wmv   OH my god the sound.
0	Rainy day for a sad day. It's been a year since the "11M". Bombs in Madrid,  191 people passed away, so many others got permantent damages, physically and psicologically. I just want to give everybody a big hug and all my love. I hope it never happens again...  Tod@s con Madrid
0	To day has been a bad day, Remind me never to eat Caffiteria tacos again @.@   I have increadbly low selfestem, sometimes I feel like a selfish inconsiderate, ignorant, no good two faced, backstabing, stupid liar... -.-
0	im not angry anymore, im not pissed or anything im just sad.....thats all i have to say if you want to hear more then ask cuz im not typing it out.
1	I am happy!  Jason and Bethany just came over and brought Zoe; so i got to hang out with my neice for a while.  She is soooo beautiful!  I have a pic of her on my website  http://www.hanavi.net .  I seriously need to get more!  Its funny how something so simple as seeing such a beautiful baby could make someone feel so warm and tingley-ish...
1	   &nbsp;I  was  confused...&nbsp; I've made up my mind!   &lt;3         Love Always, Cassie    
1	Today, I went over to Rodney's studio in Orange County to record "Away", a song he wrote.  It was a lot of fun and I had a great time recording it.  My arms are kinda sore from all the playing, but I should be fine by tomorrow.  My mind has really been on Peter a lot.  I can't stop thinking about him and how I get to see him next weekend.  I absolutely can't wait!  I still have to think of the perfect birthday gift, though... (and about which hat to wear, although that's far less important than the gift)  I heard some awesome bluegrass on the radio.  It was a song called "Hard Times" by Larry Cordle.  This is to remind myself to write it down so that I can get a CD of his the next time I go to Amoeba.  I'm just relaxing right now, talking to some folks online.  I'm going to go to bed in a bit.  Goodnight, everyone!        
1	eh yesterday was gay no offence annaturkey&lt;3 and the night ended 80x gayer 200 lb. sasquatch destroyed my leg when i was asleep so hard i threw up in a cold sweat but cant stay mad i love john then today was chill i actually like just chillin i hate feeling like i have to entertain but at least tonite was chill havent had butterflys in a long time 
0	Hey,   These days are pretty full. School, Practice, and whatever else seems to fill itself in. Nothing real big has happened, I got new Volleyball shoes 2 days ago. There pretty cool, Volleyball's been pretty fun. Today we scrimmaged against some of the Freshmen boys, it was pretty hilarious! I enjoyed it a lot, but yea thats really all thats been happening. Yesterday I went to the BBall game at Novel with Andrea Joe and Chris. That was pretty fun, Brenden got hurt... I hope he's ok. So.. Yea.. thats about it for now, later Cat
1	           You are 20% evil!   [?]      You're pretty non-evil.  You're a little bit off of being all good, but you tend to still be orderly and peaceful.  You aren't the bad person at all...for the most part.              Find your emotion!           Who are YOU most like?            How Gay Are YOU?    [?]             Which Kiss Are You?      
1	HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!! Being the good part irishgirl I am, I ate corned beef hash today. hehehe, it was good.  Phew, no more poetry in l.a.!!!!! We're putting together our portfolios so tomorrow is just a day of plain ol' revision. I don't see why the teachers are so stressed, I'm as cool as a cumcumber. *sigh* There are some things I will never understand. But I'm ok with that...  Love this song!! Almost as much as Roses are Red. You don't have to download anything, it just starts playing. Eventually.    http://www.putfile.com/media.php?n=F our-Seasons 
1	sad story today i got a fish. and it was sooo cute. it was a gold fish and i got to carry it around all day heh. it had a billion names, bear, DC, cat, death fish,killer, bernard, tangerine ect. Anyways me and spencer went to let it free in a pond at the park, so spencer said a goodbye speach hahah and then we let it go, but once it got in the pond it wouldnt move. so i got all worried and caught it again. then let it go again. then caught it again - cos i didnt want it to die. so we were flipping out cos we didnt know what to do sooooo spencer said we should just let it go and run away and itll make it on its own. so we let it go, and came back and checked on it - by then a billion big fishes started attacking it and chasing it and then they all swam away and now its a mystrey whether, tangerine, bear, or whatever its name was, is alive or not. grrr, im really hurt. poor tangerine. 
1	my sister is haveing her baby rihgt now i wish i could be there but my mom lift with out me. rebecca is having a c cekion sp  so she wount come home tell wensday i cant wate to so my nephue sp   i had an odd dream last night my dad was out of jial and wint to my step moms house to see me but a was not there so yeah i was happy to wake up.
1	In just a few hours, my son will be two years old. He's such a big boy in so many ways, but he's still my *baby*. He's very excited about his party - especially the cake and cookies. We are expecting about 50 people; I hope I have enough food.  As a sign that he's growing up, yesterday Sam started saying "nurse" instead of "na-na." Perhaps he meant to say nurse all along, and it just came out like na-na. He shows no signs of slowing down, so we are taking this one  day at a time. I can certainly eat enough to grow a baby and nurse a toddler!  Daddy has been very busy attending to the Centrum festivals, and Sammy has missed having him around (so has Mom!). One more week of crazy/busy and we'll be back to our normal summer busy-ness. February doesn't seem far away at all. Only six months until we meet our new little one!
0	This weekend was boring... there was nothing to do.. i always have shitty weekends... i ended up cutting again.. i hate it hwne i do it cuz i cant feel it so i cut deeper which doesnt help anything.
0	As an informational cartologist, I have a special place in my heart for the   NOAA  , so I hate it when they have political troubles, especially for  not warning other countries about their own natural occurences .
0	I made some icons. Some from the prom, and others from the body (      btvs_episodic    meant I made a small number before choosing which to enter :p)        The Prom   1:   2:   3:   4:    5:   6:   7:   8:    9:   10:    11:   12:    The Body   13:   14:   15:   16:    17:   18:   19:   20:     Comments/ Constructive Criticism are my crack :p Credit if you would like to use. If you want to put text on a blank icon please check first, because some of them  aren't  bases, they are meant to look like that :p   I'm pleased with some of these, some are a bit experiment-y. Others were a bit rushed, I feel. But mainly, I'm happy. :)
1	 Verizon DSL finally upgraded our DSL line to 1287/375.  We've been waiting for the upload speed increase from 128k to 384k, and the 375 is pretty close to the maximum attainable on the line.  Goodie!
0	for some reason i am sad. i don't know why. i really don't have anything to be sad about. i mean. i should actually be happy today. cause this morning, i got my permit and my mom took me for a drive, did you know that driving is a LOT of fun! i really like it. it's like i have all this power and i love it. i can't wait until i get to drive again. anyway. and plus, a couple friends are coming over and we are going to watch grease. i havn't seen that in a while, so i am pretty excited. but yeah. i guess i just really want a boyfriend and it makes me sad that i still don't have one. i don't know. it might be because today i think i know for sure that trevor does not like me anymore.i am not even sure that he ever did like me. and now i feel like an idiot that i have liked him for like over a year. that is really sad. and my friend is here
0	 Dio, sono spiacente per tutto ho fatto ma non dimenticare che vado fare..................                   &nbsp;    Pregare per loro    I'm sorry. 
1	HELLO!  =)    Well this weekend was generally uneventful...after a nice LONG 8 hour drive to Boise and back.  Franks the dog is gone.  =(  At least for now.  I think he might end up coming back to live with us soon.  It snowed Friday really hard as we passed over the Cascades and that made me smile.  It had been a while since I had driven in snow.  Saturday Mike and I just puzted around and generally just hung out with friends and franks.    Glad to be home though.  Work is work.  Tonight: Make list for the stuff that needs to be accomplished in the next 3 weeks!  ACK!  Tick-tock.  Thank you Day-Light-Savings time!!!  Come on light at 10:30PM!    ....
1	Pretty new picture! It is a surprise for Catseye from PurpleBlinkGirl and it is pretty! :D  PurpleBlinkGirl says it should be called "Kitty Eyes of DOOM!"
0	I took this blog thing thing and I got this as my porn starlet name for emily         Your Porn Star Name is:  Auntie Tata          Get your own Porn Star Name       and this for Emilylou      Your Porn Star Name is:  Nurse Naughty          Get your own Porn Star Name    
0	today is self-injury awareness day.  not a lot of people are aware (oddly enough), so i got a lot of questions about my orange ribbon (orange = self-injurer, orange and white = healed self-injurer, white = understands).  people suck occasionally... also, please tell people that not all self-injurers cut themselves...
0	tomorrow is going to be a hard day. especially what has been going on this week. dreading valentines day so bad. ugh sometimes i hate living here.
1	I have job interview on Thursday and another one next Tuesday.  Still waiting for my W-2 so I can do my taxes.  I'd really like to get those done and get my return.    I get to go to TEXAS.  I've never been there, and never really much wanted to go, but I'd like to visit       tmchassells   .  Too bad he couldn't been sent to Ireland or something like that.  I'd be there in a heartbeat!  At least it will be warmer the winter and more sunshine.  I'm going there Friday and have already been told to pack a lunch because I will be spending the better part of the day in the air.  And maybe, when I get there, I'll jump out of a plane.  It could be fun.  I think it would definately scare the piss outta me.  And this is just strange...  I was watching TV and I saw a show where a 14 inch metal retractor got left in some guy after surgery.  It was so creepy!
1	Thanks go to Kate for this absolutely wonderful quiz.        
1	"I felt a disturbance in the Force.  As if millions of literary geeks cried out in ecstasy..."   (Don't show this to my AP English teachers...)   But, seriously, Oh.  My.  God.  And at least BYU is good for something other than brainwashing Mormons.
1	I have been going to these differant sites in the past few days.  http://www.thecharmedones.com/charmedli nks.htm   You guys should check them out, some are good some suck
0	i dont think i can do this...this move will either kill me or break my spirit at this rate. it constantly feels like someone is sitting on my chest cause of the stress. on top of it the weather is gonna be horrible when i get there right now its like wtf am i going? cause i care about 1 person that much? i dont know if its enough anymore...yea yea yea i needed the change, whats the point if i cant function when i get there? i mean i can already see hows it will be when i get there. im gonna shut down, do nothing, sleep as much as i can, ect. all the bad things i do when i dont want to live...on top of it ive started smoking again....i dont care if he reads this or not but i dont think i can do this anymore..its going to kill me...i'm sorry im just like everyone else in your life im giving up on you it seems...
0	Lovers, forget your love, And list to the love of these, She a window flower, And he a winter breeze.  When the frosty window veil Was melted down at noon, And the caged yellow bird Hung over her in tune,  He marked her through the pane, He could not help but mark, And only passed her by To come again at dark.  He was a winter wind, Concerned with ice and snow, Dead weeds and unmated birds, And little of love could know.  But he sighed upon the sill,  He gave the sash a shake, As witness all within Who lay that night awake.  Perchance he half prevailed To win her for the flight From the firelit looking-glass And warm stove-window light.  But the flower leaned aside And thought of naught to say, And morning found the breeze A hundred miles away.  - Robert Frost
1	I have no clue what is up with my dreams lately.  Last night my dream involved being at PSU (only the buildings were a LOT bigger and nicer, Dan, a professor who was crazy, my friend Christen from high school (whosounded like Woody Allen in my dream, and looked the same as when she was in high school even though I know she's lost a lot of weight), a chinese fast food restaurant, and trying to find a section of the library that was missing...like the building.  I'm so confused.       I get to be an extra in a movie today!!! :-D  15 minutes of fame, here I come!
1	Oh the joys of having a boyfriend in law?!??! Look, my sister's bloke, who is a Newcastle fan. Twice this season we've stuffed them! Oh how I laughed.  Things got so bad that Lee Bowyer and Kieron Dyer (both Newcastle players) decided to have a  fight!  Murhahaha. They were both sent off. In fact Newcastle had three players sent off, one who handballed on the line, so Villa got a penalty to go 2-0 up and then those two clowns, when it was 3-0.  Now I'm going to go and watch the game on Sky, because it's the game of the day. Also, Match of the Day won't give it proper coverage because like ITV, they think people are only interested in Man Ure, The Arse and Chelski!
1	You know the  Yuu Yuu Hakusho Kanzenban , where they're re-releasing the entire manga with new covers and condensed in less volumes to  milk the cash cow one last time  celebrate YYH?  Well, Volume 13 came out, and it's SENSUI & ITSUKI. Lucky number, anyone?       Oh yeah, first post. ^_^ I'm mostly a lurker in communities, but I was so excited about this I just HAD to post.  ~ Sarith McGregor
0	The cold wind bites his cheeks but he still waits Cigarette pressed between his lips burning slow but he still waits Watching the lights in the window  but he still waits She never opened the window but he still waits The lights turn off He slowly turns and walks down the street lighting another cigarette
1	Pool party!! YAY!   Its going to be held at sweetie Nikki Silversen's house. Ive been waiting all year to wear this purple/pink 2-piece. I hear it going to be just like Dean's beach party! yay! Im so excited! What's a pool?
1	hello im at loryls babysitting place and i just wanted to udate this damn thing cuz it wouldnt let me last night. i saw troy oh damn di orlando bloom look hot in that movie...... DAMN he eheeh hee te.... did my kristina see ittoo.... aww man they werr all hot so wasbrad pitt mwahahahahahaha yes so anyways i hope that kristina hasa good bothday tomarow and ill get you your pack of ciggertes that you want ok sweetie.... i love you lots!!!!!  bye bye  jordan
0	wow..who ever would have thought that i..would make alive journal. Everyone one i know has it..pretty much. Theres Bubba, Jesus, Sara, Mick, Argie, Daniel, lots of people. Well i decided to give this thing a shot. So at that note, farewell. Also..these LJ's are poison for the mind..they reall are.
1	Damn, but John Picacio can paint.           The press release .   I got  so  lucky when I got hooked up with Picacio.
1	Time away: 20 minutes. Messages recieved: 10.  ALL FROM HER! Gerl of my dreams baybeh.
0	One of Fifi's babies just died.  I have no idea why.  *cries*
1	So, I've been back here for a while.  UVA lost to Virginia Tech in football, which sort of screwed us over even though we only had three losses and we're 18 in the nation.  Unfortunately, the ACC doesn't get enough credit in football.  However, in basketball, UVA has clawed up to number 24, which is completely unexpected.   Other than that, I am ridiculously busy right now.  Things are still going well.  My Thanksgiving break was good.  Sorry if I didn't get to see you, but I was fairly busy.
1	Hah, I'm awesome.  Carly wanted to work tonight, so I gladly let her have my shift...I've made a good bit of money between Friday night and Sunday morning, so I'm not too worried about money...I'm working a double shift tomorrow, so I'll have plenty of money.  I've just been sitting around my house for the past 4 hours, enjoying my Saturday night off :-)  Now I just need to do something...  There's a friend's only post coming up in a few minutes...stay tuned...
0	My best friend is going to New York for all summer vacation T_T Nuuuuuuuu I don`t want her to go. i feel like she`s going for ever and i hate that feeling, it makes me wanna cry. specially after sitting with the girls and listening old songs that make us cry. ok i know that`s stupid, but i don`t care. I DON`T WANT DEMOLISH EXCELLENCE TO GO AWAY!!!!!(that`s my best friend`s nickname btw) T_T T_T      You are  87 % Scorpio              How much do you match your zodiac sign?       
0	See ya in a few years Drew.  Always remember the good times.
0	     Raindrops on   roses    and   whiskers    on kittens Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens Brown paper packages tied up with strings These are a few of my   favorite    things   Cream colored ponies and crisp apple streudels Doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzel with noodles    Wild geese that fly    with the moon on their wings These are a few of my   favorite    things   Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes   Snowflakes    that stay on my nose and eyelashes Silver white   winters    that   melt    into springs These are a few of my   favorite    things   When the dog bites When the bee stings When I'm feeling sad I simply   remember    my favorite things   And then I don't feel so bad    
1	Oh how I love scenic driving! The soothing landscapes, The escape from too many people...except during traffic of course.  In another trip to Berkeley to do a drop off of the sibling-type, I decided to not take 880 but instead take 580 to 13...it's so pretty and my much preferred route of travel.  I absolutely cannot stand 880. I will take trees and hills and open space over a crunched industrial landtrap any day.  I like hills and green landscapes...yo ho ho!  Happiness!  :D
1	Rain. Plenty of it. Because of that, I decided to cancel my visit to the Nara Nara last night. Maybe the weekend after next.  I've also been keeping my eyes on the weather in and around Columbus, OH. Already there's flooding 20 miles south. I remain optimistic that everything will go as planned.  On the brightside, I completed the flyer I plan to distribute at Ohayocon. All I need to do now is get this printed.   The completed flyer can be viewed here.   The mascot, Izumi ("Ambassador" Izumi I call her), was drawn and colored by hand. The background and text were created in Photoshop.   I plan to print the flyers approx 5x7" - less bulk to carry on the plane and more to circulate.  Heading out to the poker game in a bit.  More later.
0	i am so sorry i haven't wrote in a long time what dose i matter anyway no boy reads my stuff any way so why do i waste my time
0	Wow. I've been so out of it lately. Too much has happened, is happening, whatever. I'm not sure I can deal. I just don't want to think about it.    Make it go away?   And then there's the thing, two more days and I have to be called away again. I  hate  it. I'd drag all the world down with me if I had a choice and I know it's selfish but  I don't care . You know how the saying goes, misery loves company.   I wish I had some.
0	I feel horrible because last night I got home upset from work and got all pissed off at Shannon.  It was real stupid of me.  I flipped out because she couldn't figure out how to get the cable to work.  I should not have gone off on her.  Like always I brought up how frustrating it is to not have her help out.  Which is bullshit because she's been awesome lately, helping me with my laundry and dishes and cleaning up around the house.  I just got home upset from the day I had at work.  Which wasn't really a bad day, just long.  Only to get home to have to fix more problems.  I have to learn not to blame Shannon for the world.  These things are not her fault.  In all fairness for as needy as she is, she is still real easy and cheap to please.  I'm just a dumbass.
1	saya punya cerita: saya kenalan ma cwo singkat cerita ternyata dia lagi pdkt ma seseorang (cwe) cuaaantik juga dan cerita cerita aku tuh taruhan ma dia kalau dia berhasil dapetin tuh perempuan maka saya akan dihadiahkan coklat TOBLERON tapi kalau dia ga berhasil saya yang ngasih ke dia coklat...jadi seru juga....so biar       ardian    ngomongin tentang peperangannya atau       onetea    yang pengen banget komputer yang canggih dan biar       awiey    dengan penuh penasaranya......dan yang sedang berbunga bunga       midorizuki   ........DOAIN AKU DONG BIAR DAPET TOBLERONNYA......MMMMMMMM *NYEM NYEM NYEM*
1	i am so  up  right now; nothing can bring me down. Right now, i am so  intoxicated   with life. i feel like  everything is going to turn out ok , after all.
1	&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I havent updated in a while so i thought i would do  a quicky right here. This week was like not that fun. School and i was  grounded. Thats not fun. But today was fucking awsome! I mean that to  jenna. When ever i hang out with you its always fun, no matter what we  do. Like today, we didnt do much but it was fun as hell. But the  highlight of the day was at the park. I swear im gona marrie you! You  are so perfect for me. And im never gona let you go. Well i hope i can  see you sometime this week. Grrrr.....i hate school. Its getting in the  way. But when i get my license.....i will be over your house everday!  Then we can go out and do what ever we want. Well Jennafer, I fucking  love you so much!!!!! And nothing will ever change that! Im gona get  going now.          I LOVE YOU SO FUCKING MUCH JENNAFER MARIE DYESS!!!!!!!!      
1	im goin bowling with essie and jen today! im half an hour late but my parents are being mean and wont take me yet :(. well, actually, dad is out somewhere and mom is "cleaning" tara's room. i'm sure you all kno what that means... and then tomarrow me and jen are going to disneyland!!!! yay!!! im so excited. i havent been to dland since i was in like 4th or 5th grade... but i only get to go if it doesnt rain! so please, pray for sunny weather! and then plus yeah. and cooper's  still  grounded (two weeks now!) for having two B-'s. wow. that's pretty harsh, don't you think?
1	Me and Caro saw The Answer Lies performe last night along with 10 seconds to lift off and a band from clovis,nm named the broken sound system i think, but they were really good too, i really enjoyed their cheap sex cover of launch off to war.... it was glorious..... but ya... now i can't wait till the concert on wed the 18th....wow.... i also made a shirt too... it has the band beyond ur eyes on it, i sprayed painted it on, i thought it came out cool, so ya..
1	   heyyyyyyyyy everyone !       just came back from university..i love fridays...i only got one class ! got back my paper and the prof said i did well :D wohoo so its all good!      finally got my paycheck as well! at least i got some money! i so need it for my trip to germany at the end of the month..cross ur fingers that everything works out      cant wait to meet another friend there who i havent seen for AGES!!! we saw each other back at o-town times lmfaooooooooo      i LOVE this skirt..i hope to find one like this at zara or any store like that..its gorgeous           im off now..talk to all of ya later!! xoxox  
1	Yes it's true, I've been booked for my first stand up performance.  I'll be doing a 5 minute set at the Cantab Lounge in Cambridge.  The show starts at 8 (not sure when I'm on) and there is a $5 charge to get in.  Don't know if anybody actually wants to watch me bomb on a professional stage but hey if you want to watch the train wreck the address is 738 Massachusetts Avenue, it's pretty close to the Central Square stop on the Red Line.
1	So it's been a while, hasn't it?  Well, not too much has been going on.  Been going to school as usual, making some good food.  Last night, made some sole with risotto milanese.  You can all see these dishes on my  Moblog !  I am going to have to do a lot of work during the next two weeks.  Have to do equipment check offs, paper in sanitation due, ergonomics paper is going to have to be done, food science paper/research project.  A whole lot of stuff, but it's gonna be Thanksgiving in a couple of weeks and I'm going to be STUFFED!  Erika got her little doggie and boy, she's a handful.  We are going to take good care of her though.  :)  Ugh, I shouldn't have eaten some popcorn at 10:50 PM.  What was I thinking!  Unnnhhh..... na na na na.  Haha.  Time for bedtime.  Need to get some sleep!  So ciao!  *edit*  I will be making a new Moblog, dedicated to my culinary experience!  So stay tuned!
0	I think I hit the bottom... I don't think I could fall for you anymore... I don't think I could feel anymore alone. There is no hope, it's all hopeless... I dream of one that will never dream of me... I tried to but I can't hide from my self... You don't know how much control you have over me... I would kill for your touch and die for your kiss... If I could give myself to you, it would seem like pure bliss compared to this.
1	Chris and I went to the Path of Resistance show in Syracuse last night.  Aside from the bullshit about the security guard that some jackasses ambushed, it was fun as shit.  Good dancers, good bands, lots of straight edge kids.  It is funny to see how sxe still means something and still exists outside of the Philly area.  S'all good, it is all for me. Shockwave really impressed me last night.  After the rather oppressive tone of the threats to end the show early, Shockwave really got the crowd moving in a positive way.  Everyone was enjoying themselves and behaving in the pit.  Good shit.  We got home WAY late, even later due to that goddamn daylight savings time.  I hate that.  A lot.  Band practice has been delayed because of it and my sleepy bandmates.  I got home at 5:30am and I'm raady to go.  Slackers.  RoryJ
0	So as I leave work today, I get told that since Tyler and Todd will be out of the office Mon. - Wed., unless I want to drive 2 - 2 1/2 hours to Douglasville, I'll probably not be needed. Which means I'm out about $225 for next week. Not a massively bad thing, as I can weather it, but this makes me worry that this might happen more and more. I think I may be working myself out of a job, unless they start buying more cars and repossess less (as this apparently what they're doing mostly now). Entropy strikes again... I'll just go be depressed now.
0	Falluja's been sitting there for months under insurgent control.  Of course American forces waited until  after  the election to launch the big assault, dubbed by  CNN  as "likely [the] biggest since Vietnam."  Now that the election is out of the way, and Bush has his mandate, get ready for the body-bag-count to climb.
1	Yae and verily, I return from a week's vacation, in which my friends from Chicago visited down here. Great time, but quite tiring. Fortunately, they have now returned to Chicago and I am here once more, just in time for school and whatnot... joy of joys... I shall miss my friends, but life goes on, ne?
0	"Good morning heartache, you're like an old friend, come to see me again."  There are a few points in my life where I've been truly disappointed in people, and in the grand scheme of things, this won't make my highlight reel, but it still sucks in the right-here-right-now.  it's silly really....  at least it should be...
1	Hopefully, I'll get over this stupid illness before the weekend is over.  It turns out that  both  of the cars are messed up, so I'm going to be seriously rideless for the next half-a-week.  I managed to submit the song I performed at FC to Xenofilkia.  I hope it gets published there.  I had meant to submit it earlier, but I only got around to it now.  Also, I'm going to be doing a recording for Rodney on Saturday.  It should be a lot of fun and I've been playing his song (or at least what I remember of it).  Other than that, my Irish trad group is having the first meeting tomorrow.  I'm very excited about that and hope to see what we can accomplish.  That's about it for now.  I'm just going to glide through the rest of this quarter once I get over my illness.  Goodnight, everyone!
1	Well... Krista and I have finally (!) found us a place to dwell.  Bout time... after near five months of searching.  I am so excited. Come February 1 I will be out of here, away from all the CRAP and other bullshit... I can't effin wait. I'm so excited. Hmm... who wants to help me move??
1	Ahhh, the wonders of a paid account. I finally figured out how to upload some of my favorite pictures. If I have right-clicked where I shouldn't have, please comment so that I can a) give full credit; b) remove the illegal item; or c) make a new friend or two.  Here's one that was sent to me by a very special friend:   http://pics.livejournal.com/real2reel/p ic/00001c04/g1   Thanks to all journallers for sharing your thoughts, pictures, rants, raves, and everything else.  PS. A special thanks to Giiiiiibbooo source of all that is OrliVig
1	In approximately eight months, my official residence will no longer be Evanston, but Bumblefuck, Iowa :):):)
1	just a few images to get you yankee fans out there pummmmmmmmmped ;)            oh and just to remind u all..        
1	Physics lab pushed the test to tomorrow, yay! The homework is actually kind of fun. I didn't get to compose in theory today because my class of a million kids kept asking the same questions over and over. I don't really like the way things are turning out in gov... The rest of the day was pretty standard, I really don't want to do anymore homework. Motorcycle Diaries is a pretty cool movie, does anyone know a goof biography of Che?
0	Have you ever just looked at your life and asked your self if this is really what you want? I mean everything altogether. Been doing that allot lately. Again I get the feeling that I just don't fit in. Maybe I was trying too hard or maybe not hard enough but I get that feeling that I should be doing something else.  I can't seem to get close to anyone. Everything always sounds good here but I've been taking the very best of my life and putting in here..........So if that's as good as it gets then I must be a very sad lonely guy. I've tried but I don't think I'm what anyone wants to be around.  I was going to go to the furry gathering last night but I just felt that it wouldn't work out to well so I called Maned over and we hung out here. I could just see me showing up and then standing in the corner for 10 minuets till I finally just left. So to save myself the embarrassment I just stayed home with Maned.  *sighs* I've gotta find the place I fit.
1	I have now discovered and experienced firsthand exactly what is it like to be working in a fridge.  Would 'cold' be an accurate explanation?  I have also learned that it is unwise to work in the aforementioned fridge in a short-sleeved blouse.  By the way, two nights ago, the moon was red.  It reminded me of Legolas' line "The sunrise is red.  Blood has been spilled." or something like that.  You know, I should use that line for my stories.  Also...  Which is grammatically correct?   Someone from Avalon had already come for his soul OR  Someone from Avalon already came for his soul  Which sounds better? Anyone?
0	This is personally for me. I must remember to stop liking guys who are better than I am.
1	~*SQUEE*~  I got an e-mail from this lady on my BUNS!!! She is intrested in buy them to "better her herd".   ~*SQUEE*~   I'm so FREGGING EXCITED!!!! I sent her pictures just a minute ago. I told her my asking price for them, but i was more worried about them getting a home where they'd be feed and would have water. Which i am. Right now i could care less if she gave me $5 for each of them. And they are worth MORE then that!! I will admit, i have a VERY SMALL rabbitry, but both Roo and Kisses have nice bloodlines that people know of and talk about. I really hope the lady likes them and gets them.   WISH ME LUCK!!!!!!!
1	One of the three teachers I emailed wrote me back saying she'd write me a recommendation! Yay! Okay, this was a couple of days ago, but as this is finals week, I haven't been able to update. So now I'm off, once again, to start preparing for the dreaded Saturday exams: History (which isn't so bad, just a lot to study) and French (NOOOOOOO!!!). :) Ta for now.
1	Things are going very well...  a little scary at this point.  Someone who actually gives a shit about what your hopes and dreams are...  if you get enough sleep... and calls you beautiful and/or gorgeous all the time *S*  I'm hoping I don't fall off this cloud...  that's really going to hurt.
0	Ask me not why I shed these tears, without such voice to voice my payne. For with each breath pain spears my soul For light unreflected in the darkness in my pain-filled soul And casual touch-undirected to my unworthy spirit. Does this pain cut me with sharp agony, or bring a new depth of dark to my heart? It shall, and misery, new and bitter, will give new rise to the meaning of aginy. Do not expect an end to suffering, Until life itself comes to its bitter denouement.
0	This weeks been rather uneventful really, went shopping yesterday to matalan i got a few things, only thing is the weathers not nice enough to wear most of them yet :( Oh well! It'll be sunny soon enough (I hope)! Anyway back to work.
1	Not an April Fool's Day joke!  Despite Laura's absence from the team, I know some of you wanted to be kept updated on when the Gotham Girls Roller Derby season would start.  April 1st, as it turns out.  And where is it, you ask?   from  http://gothamgirlsrollerderby.com  All bouts are held at Skate Key, 220 E. 138th Street in the Bronx. Take the 4/5 one stop out of Manhattan to 138th Street/Grand Concourse.   BUY YOUR TICKETS ONLINE NOW! $12 advance/$15 at the door. VIP and season ticket rates also available!  I'm not sure we'll be able to make that first game, but you'll see us there cheering at some point during the season.
1	i bought squeeze-its. thats right. squeeze its. haha. heather came over off the bus and we walked home. then we chilled for a bit, and walked to shaws. we bought sqeeze-its. you shoulda seen me when i saw them... ahhh. haha.  so after we bought our squeeze-its we went to sprinkles... yum yum. had ice cream and then indulged in the much anticipated squeeze-its. it was extremely exciting.... goooooooooood day.
1	alright so tonight is the co&ca show yaaaaaayyyyyy i got the day off!  uh so im excited. really excited.
1	I'm so excited I just cant hide it...lol No more school until two weeks. Christmas is in 4 days! I'm counting down but I'm not like Theresa she was counting down for 129 days.  Anyways....Becky took a long time at the end of the day, to get to the car, geesh. She was probably waiting at my locker for 5 minutes or so..I went to Target to get my mommy a Quesidilla Maker. I've spent so much money on her this year..Just spreading Christmas Cheer. I got pretty earrings from Erica today..They are blue stars. My grandmas dog is biting my dog..how mean.I really have nothign exciting to say...  &lt;3    Ho Ho Ho!     Santa loves you!
1	..i wish. haha. so yeah, yesturday was friday and i chilled with mel and sam and we hung out at his place. man i lvoe that boy. Then i spent the night at mel's and we were both wasted and it was fun. Then this morning me and sam got blazed and hung out and started drinking at 10 in the morning. it was rough....but fun.haha. and now i'm at hoem and oh guess what!? i pearced my nose this morning. i hope it doesn't get infected and fall off.that would suck. but i just cleaned my sumemr room and that was fun. i cant wait to move into it once the weather starts gettign warmer.  &lt;3kate
1	Like I didn't see that one coming, George Mason.  I called the Conservinator and told him the chances of me living in DC next year were one third less.&nbsp; I think he thinks I'm taking this too well.&nbsp; The way I view it, now I only have to worry about 11 schools instead of 12.
1	Hey, what's Bink's talent? Isn't it suppressing magic or something? In one of the later Xanth books, his talent and the reason why he can't say it is clearly explained. Anyone know what book it is in particular?
1	Well i have not much news.  I have had loads of books come this week.  I am reading a book by Jamie Langston Turner called Suncatchers.  Very good book.  My dog is lying by me here and he is so cute.  I have got to go.  Update tomorrow.  Hopefully tomorrow the first series of the waltons will be coming.  YAHOO!!!  Sister Ruth
1	Oh yes....  i purchase meself a BRAND NEW PS2, second controller, and two memory cards, ALL BRAND NEW!  for $120.  Oh hell fucking yes. :D
1	What can I say, other than, I love meeting fabulous people? I'm generally quick to love or hate a person and that probably holds true here as well. I'm a sucker for teh cute.
1	I have not been this happy in such a long time.  ;oD  In other news.. I really wish i could sleep now.  does anyone know how to cure insomnia?
1	It looks like if I just take one semester of Practice & Theory, I could have a  History minor  without even taking the two senior seminars I want to take next semester.  WAHOO!  Not that I need a minor, but it would look pretty on my transcript.  Not to mention making all those history courses I've taken look like they serve some purpose beyond getting credits.  And if I can take Prac & Theory second semester, that would nicely fill a looming hole in my schedule.  *  I'm halfway through Austria on resizing my pictures.  This is going faster than I expected.  We'll see how well it goes when I try uploading them...I have a bad feeling that my LJ scrapbook size limit is going to be exceeded before I get them all up there.  Meep.
0	What does Kerry losing, homework that's due tomorrow that isn't done, knowing that I'm screwed for the rest of the crap I have to do, and being hormonal mean for Nique?  I want to cry.
0	Eleven.  I love you and will miss you.    Birthday tomorrow (technically).
1	Woohoo!!! I finally have a scanner!!! :D The world will be mine I tell you!! MINE!!!! Soon to be a couple updates on DevArt.     Edit:  http://scifipoinsettia.deviantart.c om     I've only put the one drawing of my Thesis character designs up so far, but believe me there is more to come.. especially when I find my stupid sketchbook .. the one with all teh BAC designs in it &gt;:
1	Dying, dying, still dying...      DEAD   RIP Karol (AKA His Popeness J.P. v. 2.0)    My only regret is that he didn't get to stay in a persistant vegetative state for 15 years...though arguably, the last twenty years of his reign as Pontiff has been near enough.  **PS: Hey David and Anja...remember to fear not! We have seen the second-coming of the Pope already! The Pope is dead. Long live the Pope!
0	Just becasue there's a chance Thats what hurts the most.   Today sucked. Can't wait for sushi tomorrow. Maybe I could get him to get me some coffee too....^^; G'night.
1	I am in Rome.  It is the shit.  I'm holding up the computer line, so I'm out.   Woo for Rome!
0	i try to make good impressions. i try to be funny. but why do i walk away thinking im an idiot? wishing i never did those stupid things i do  i think that people only see me as a stupid ass who makes a fool of himself, especially to the people that i like and want to impress  times like these i dont know why i even try    " and then you bring me along, cause we both know what its like to be alone"
1	 Hey!!! Everyone!!!    I bought myself a tree frog today XD...    I need some names for it...(keep in mind, NO KERMIT, KERMY )    So far, I am thinking about naming it Karma ^^      
1	One month to go until the LA marathon.   Two weeks until the Palm Springs half marathon.   Today we almost got ran down by a jackass around mile 8 or so. Fucker really had to be someplace I guess. Asshole.
1	Happy birthday to the beautiful and talented Claudia Black! Here's to many more happy birthdays! ::raises virtual glass in toast::      cross posted to other Farscape communities 
1	gah i haven't updated in a really long time! this weekend was pretty good. i left right after school for knoxville and it was a pretty painless drive. got to the hotel and talked to caroline and her family then went to bed. saturday i played volleyball and we played really good. we came in second...even tho there were only 3 teams... but we played awesome considering it was our first time to play together. anyways i was going to spend the night saturday night but since tons of teams didn't show up for the tournament and it was shorter bc of that so we just went home. then today i went to church and it was good. then i went to the mall with my mom and got a couple of cute shirts and GREEN SHOES!! they are so cool. i love them. but here i am and i just got my relient k ticket!! yes! i gotta go see if i have practice that night!!
1	       grenjelybean      You say it's your birthday It's my birthday too, yeah!  ::dances with Joey::   Happy birthday , birthday buddy!  I am having an awesome day.  A couple weeks back, Howard asked me what I'd like him to do for my birthday, and I asked him to bake me a cake.  He remembered!  He came home early last night as a surprise and baked for me.  He's never baked before, and he was so sad when it fell apart.  It's pasted back together with frosting, lumpy as heck, and it's the most perfect cake ever.  :-D  I came to my lj, and there are  so  many sweet people on my flist!  Thank you so much for making me smile.  &lt;3        fer1213    wrote me a  fic !  Go.  Go read it.  Enjoy the magic that fer makes with words.  I'm 33!  I don't feel 33.  How did this happen?
1	I finally found a screwdriver last night in the course of my (slow) unpacking, thus allowing me to put a second network card in my Linux box and set it up as a firewall/gateway, which in turn allows me to set up my full home network again, including the wireless.  Life is  geeky  good!
1	I just got the call from Ms. Newberry.   The Scales  has gone through, and we'll be copying it and putting it in mailboxes tomorrow.  Watch for it! We all worked really hard! &gt;.&lt;  So, yays!
0	How to you get someone you live with to help you out more?  I'm lost at what I can do to light a fire under his ass.  He does the bare minimum he can to get by and that's it...  *sigh*
1	I had a wonderful birthday yesterday.  My morning started off being spoilt rotten as my girl got me the collection of James Herriot books, and Rory and Caleb piled on the bed for puppy snuggles and kisses. I took myself shopping for cross-stitch supplies and spent way too much money.  On the plus side, I got a thread organiser which I desperately need - and all the materials for my next project. I then had to endure 7 hours of Tafe.  It wasn't too bad, but the stupidity of some people in my class made me want to bang my head against something hard.  One girl honestly thought that Down Syndrome was cause by the mother having an accident or 'doing something wrong' during her pregnancy. Umm...yeah, right. Last night Lela took me out to Green Gourmet, a vegan Chinese restaurant,, where we had a great dinner plus Green Lime Tea.  I love that stuff.
1	today is my senior picture. it is scheduled for 3:30. i can't wait. i'm sexing myself up for the day. i got my hair styled by a friend of the family. good thing she's a hairstylist. and better news for me...i'm getting my hair highlighted on the 23rd and she told me red would look good for my hair. yay! after the pictures...i have to work... :(  i don't have a problem with livejournal anymore. whatever it was it's fixed.
0	*sighs*  Erica cancelled on bringing David here.   And I had so many planned activities for us to do. All dashed to hell, because Erica changed her mind.   *feels frustrated*
1	 Ok kids, I promised I would tell you all if I accomplished everything on my list yesterday.&nbsp; SO here's the list with my comments right after.    Finish research paper (only 2 or 3 pages left to go) (I'm on my fifth page of text, looking at 3 more) Clean Car Our - DONE Dust Car and do Windows -&nbsp; DONE Clean Office at Home - DONE Clean Bedroom - DONE Do Laundry - DONE Pack For Saturday - DONE    I think I made it.. Now for the fun part, a three hour ride, and then, THEN, it's time for the best weekend ever.&nbsp; If you want to see where I'm staying, go  here .     I'll post more about it when I come back, until then, be safe, and remember, only you can prevent forest fires.    Peace  
1	Yep, officially as of today, Darthy has entered the cellphone age. I got a nice plan, 400 minutes per month for $39.99 with Verizon. No I didn't get one where you can take piccies, just a good ol' fold over cellphone w/ text messaging. As for the old wallphone in the house, I just use it for internet. But if I get dsl, I'll say bye bye to it! I leave the pc on all the time to block telemarketers anyway, so if I get dsl, I can let the pc rest when I'm out of the house.
1	Happy birthday, James Joyce. Happy birthday, Ayn Rand. And you, too, Stan Getz. The Mexican-American war ended. The Nazi forces surrendered to the Soviets at Stalingrad.  ...and I am 22 today.  Looks like we're in for a long winter.   Thanks, Punxutawney Phil.  I pick up Ruha in a couple of hours at the airport. What a wonderful week and end this will be!
1	No, not for a lover or someone like that to call.  Just my beloved medical team.  Well, just received a call from one and they are still awaiting authorization from my medical insurance to pay for the CaTscan.  On some better news, I filled Allstate in on my medical and hopefully, the past week will be covered under  FMLA .  OH, phone is ringing.....could be important! Ok, I am off phone.  It was Allstate!  They approved my days off under FMLA so the absence will not count as an occurence against my attence record.  Also, I found out I can take the time off unpaid imstead of using my Paid Time Off bank days!  Now, losing $600.00 isn't exactly fun, but I have the money stored up,  but the days I save now will benefit me later on during the year as it will give me paid time for non-medical related days like vacations, etc!  So, everything going well, and also my short term disability insurance has been notified.  If approved, they will pay for my time off under insurance!! YAY.
1	This will be my last entry for two weeks.  As of 8.30 in the morning I will be heading off for Alaska!  Keep me in your thoughts and prayers, and I'll tell you all about it when I return home.  Steph
0	     Raindrops on   roses    and   whiskers    on kittens Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens Brown paper packages tied up with strings These are a few of my   favorite    things   Cream colored ponies and crisp apple streudels Doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzel with noodles    Wild geese that fly    with the moon on their wings These are a few of my   favorite    things   Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes   Snowflakes    that stay on my nose and eyelashes Silver white   winters    that   melt    into springs These are a few of my   favorite    things   When the dog bites When the bee stings When I'm feeling sad I simply   remember    my favorite things   And then I don't feel so bad    
0	Need I say more?  What a bloody depressing result!  When I woke up this morning (6.30am) they were counting Ohio.  At about 7.45 Will came downstairs and said Hawaii had just gone to Kerry, and the next time I heard the news, he'd stood down and that was that.  I'm now going to open the beer and try and think about something else.
1	Hey everyone, im back any way things have been going good. i got a new cd and life in general is great been away from the house for the past week off and on. I have also got into writing a story that is basicaly fantasy. My main character is really cool. His name is Dakarai. Well i hope everyone is good haven't talk to  many people. Well have a good night. I will see everyone later. Zai Jian ~Carrie (aka Karebear)
1	Today I started recording the first volume of Aquarian Age.  No I won't tell you who came in to record as Janice wants to run a cast guessing game over on AnimeOnDVD when she returns next week.  But it went really well.  Working hard to be sure this is a great dub.  All the actors so far are really fired up over this show as are my engineer and I.  We all love the music and the story and of course the animation is wonderful.  I'll post pictures and other things after the cast list is out next week.  Been busy with pre-production items, packaging, ads, getting to know the show and characters, all the things a producer needs to do when he starts on a new series.  Can you tell I'm really excited about this show? :)  Also received my copies of Angelic Layer 5 and Pretear 4 today so they'll be in stores soon for those of you who are waiting to get them.  And if you aren't, you SHOULD be! :)
0	Today was a hard day.  It was supposed to be a happy relaxing day; we met our major milestone and the CEO has declared Friday a holiday. However...  A woman on my team died in a car crash last night.  We sent most of the team home today but I'm one of the in-town exec providing coverage on Thursday....so tomorrow will be a hard day as well.
1	Hey guys...so excited cause Subway Train is getting really close! I was talking to Andrea today and we are actually trying to plan our little road trip. We were hoping my mom was going to be able to plan a business trip and snag us a free hotel room, but it looks like that won't be happening.   Soooo...we were thinking about trying to get a bunch of people in on a hotel room so we can all spend some time together and stay over til Tursday and what not. I found a room at the Hotel Pennsylvania(which is right across from Penn Station). It's $120 a night, but if we got a bunch of people that really wouldn't be that much. Sarina and I stayed there this summer, not the nicest hotel, but its in a good area, and the rooms are really big so we could fit a bunch of people in there!!  So if anyone is interested in the whole hotel thing, let Andrea or me know so we can figure out how many of us there would be and how much it would cost! Can't wait to see you all!!
1	How can you not love  70s comic book ads ?  I can't believe people are so wowed by that Hostess superhero shit when, hello, DIM MAK POISON HANDS TECHNIQUE.
1	So, I got a  2003 Toyota Camry  last week, and of course I went ahead and made a  website  for it, because I'm insanely happy about it.  She's a pretty green, and sparkly and shiny, and practically new.  My only hesitation now is whether I want to put my apple sticker/s on her.  I have the original multicolored one from my 1992 computer, and I have a preety white one from getting my laptop.  It seems a shame to put anything on the car at all...       
1	   kar1311 (7:08:16 PM): well. obviously youre letting yourself go        see you tomorrow!!!   
1	You guys!  It's a gorgeous effing spring day, my cat is cuddling on my bed like an adorablepants, i have THREE PEACE SHOWS THIS WEEKEND...  life is good.
1	Going shopping with my momma today! Wheeee!  That is all.
0	~After sitting outside for a very long time, Minerva dries her tears and heads inside.  Draco isn't anywhere to be seen.  Finally, she heads to the bathroom and knocks.~  Draco?  We need to talk.
1	so my niece had an MRI last week. they found that the tumor in her brain stem is shrinking.  hooray!!  i am doing this event along with my sister and niece, it is to raise money for the American Cancer Society.  if anyone could donate money to my team i would be totally grateful.  my goal is only $100.00.  i know it seems like a lot to ask from my lj friends, but i am trying to get anyone and everyone involved.  if doing this will help out even one cancer patient and their family, it is worth it.  watching a loved one suffer from cancer is unbearable.  please consider donating even $5.00.          you can donate under my name, kelly kuriluk, here   click here to donate to my team   thanks in advance for the help, i know my sister and niece will appreciate it as much as i do.  oh and here is a link to my niece's website, i know i have posted it before, but you can read updates on her here   emerald's site   thanks again
1	            commiegirl Highway    Mt. Happiness    6      Contentment Meadows    23      Family Farm    35      Childbirth Hospital    127      Bewilderment Avenue    551      Please Drive Carefully               Username:      Where are you on the highway of life?   From  Go-Quiz.com    yay, it makes my life seem so cool.
0	I have written, and rewritten this entry so many times...  I've lost someone special to me. There are no words...
1	The first night of passover = Elvis Costello concert  The second night of passover = Joe Jackson Concert.  Am I cursed or what?  I would gladly skip passover and go to the concerts.  I mean holidays are supposed to be fun and passover is boring.  Now going to those two concerts would be a  real  celebration.  It isn't like I believe in that religious stuff anyway.
1	Eric's birthday was good and things have continued to just be good.  It's nice.    Playing again was something I was missing, I just didn't realise that.  I really was happy not playing, getting better.  But now that I've played, the rush to be on the ice is back.  It's kind of fun.
0	Below me you sit and watch for me to fall an imperfect melody caressing my bruised skin you grasp my throat, i beg please, strangle me i can see it in your eyes, you want to its the only way you can touch my broken flesh i cannot stare at your tempting lips forget me im the bone in your body that will snap im nothing but trouble leave me here its where i belong
1	  Sooo I want to play Lemmings bad now after listening to those mixes.   Oh I made the greatest CD for Jon. I've been dying to give it to him ever since last night, and I'm gonna see him in about 45 minutes =x The other day when I asked him if he'd heard of OC Remix he said no, but he loves Game Music so I'm almost positive he is gonna like this..I put loads of zelda mixes on.             The box is a bit of a Blue Peter jobby because I had to use sticky tape and blu-tack. xD Haha. Oh well. I hope he loves this music as much as I do &lt;3 I even love all the zelda mixes from the games I've never played.  Lalalaaaaa. 2DAYS TILL GAMECUBE. Probably. Wheeeee.  
1	          secret_base is worn out.                Sleep when you're dead!  Whether it's emotionally or physically, you're exhausted.  Have you considered sleeping pills?  I took them when I had mono, and they made everything better.                  brought to you by  interim32 . wanna know your lj's moodring color?  enter your user name and hit the button. ( discussion thread )                                    Heh. How appropriate, although I'm not tired enough to be dead. Nope. Can't get rid of this girl that easily.  AND!!! THIS JUST IN. MANDY GOT THE ROBIN COMICS UP TO ISSUE 133 FOR MEEEEEE! AHHHHH~!
1	Sooooooo I got my media project idea for my Religion in Lit and Media class approved!  I am going to do it on religious themes within Les Mis (the novel of course) :D  My teacher said that he has a list of books for the project and he would have put LM on there, but it's so big XD  We were discussing various types of religious themes today, and when "Redemption" came up naturally I said "Les Misérables!"  ... Everyone except for my friend kind of stared at me, but, okay.  We also brought up "inner moral struggle" and I said Jane Eyre... again, to which everyone except for my friend was like "o_o"  Whee XD  I'm also doing a presentation/paper on Juan Perón (I had to trade topics, but I got it!  Whee!) for Spanish class.  So apparently I'm going to have a very musical-related term :D  Doing research on Perón really gets Evita songs in my head. Like the other day I read up on the G.O.U. and got the The Lady's Got Potential in my head, so I had to listen to Evita in the car XD
0	I was suddenly reminded why I left livejournal for a while in the first place. This is more trouble than it's worth. There is no reason why i should have to deal with an argument about everything I post, so some of my post are going to be friends only.  Comment to be added and I'll add you if I know/recognize you from somewhere.
1	Tonight's the start of GREEK WEEK! here at West Virginia Wesleyan College. My sorority (Alpha Xi Delta) has won for the past 17 years in a row, so wish us luck as we go for 18! Floor Hockey & Bowling were today, and we have Water Polo, swimming events, potato sack races, and lots of other events to go until the big event on the last day (next saturday), SPRING SING! We've been practicing for weeks, so hopefully we do well! =D   Good luck to everyone else who has greek week coming up, and LIBOS to all my Alpha Xi's!   Name: Lisa Gettler Sorority: Alpha Xi Delta Chapter: Beta Sigma College: West Virginia Wesleyan College Pledge Class: Fall 2004 Year: Sophomore
1	much has changed yet i care not to speak of it. fug it. i'm having such a good day. first shannel and i went to the hospital and found out she doesn't need a tetnis(?) shot and she's fine. then we ate at Sipz, which is currently my favorite food place. so good and so vegan and so cheap! weee!!1 then we went and got my paycheck and cruised back to her house and.........hehe.....so i feel really good right now and i just dropped her off at work and i'm gonna pick her up in a few hours. i'm at sean's at the moment. slurpees make me happy. so does shannel. what a sweetie.   lot's o' stuff going on work-wise. i don't really wanna type it all but things are changing and a raise may be on horizon. woohoo!   i've kinda slumped off in my reading. i wanna go to a used bookstore. i may suggest that to shannel for our fun day tomorrow. speaking of which! pedro the lion at off the record!!!1 yes! gonna be goooooooooooood good good.   ah such a good day.
1	More pictures? Yay!                                
1	In about an hour I walk from work and officially begin my vacation.  Of course the best part doesn't start until Sunday when I step off a plane in New Orleans.  All day I've been listening to Slayer.  I'm not sure why, but I'm in the mood for Slayer.       Bloodline  -  Slayer  -  Dracula 2000 Soundtrack  
0	So, yesterday I cut my hair.  From ~11 inches down to 3 in one fell swoop.  I mourn for my loss... But, it's not too bad...  &gt;_&gt;
1	Homecoming pictures, thanks to Desiree. Enjoy. =)         Desiree and I at the homecoming game.    Desiree, Michael, Austen and I.    Jordan and I!    Austen and Desiree.    Austen and her van after being attacked by the Sneaky Snake Society!    Michael at my house after homecoming    Shindig at my house.       Austen and Jason.    Ricardo and I.  He's my favorite black man! haha. 
1	We're about to leave to head up to Augsburg for the gig tonight. I'm not bringing my computer and I'm not sure if we're staying up there for the night or driving back after the show. I guess it'll depend on what happens after the show or something. *wink wink* So, to those I usually chat with on AIM, I won't be around but I'll be thinking of you and stuff. See ya tomorrow!
1	Buster has decided that headscritches are the best thing in the world. He was leeeeeaaaaaaaning in to  it and stretching his neck way out for it. Silly burd.   It's so nice to have a bird that I can touch somewhere other than his feet. &gt;_&gt; Retta's friendly, but she's a no touchy bird.   As a side note, ther are about 9749646936498464 x-files screenshots I want to make LJ icons from. :/ I only have 15 slots, brain, all full!
0	Drunk, disappointed I know I am not what people want.  I am not a desired quantity.  That is part of the reason why I went to the car. The other one was this cold, but really being rejected had a big part in it.     http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=s tory&cid=1803&e=3&u=/washpost/20050212/pl_washpost/a17523_ 2005feb11  = proud American.  Cut the programs that help the poor.  Cut taxes for the rich and have everyone think it wonderful.  Fuck those that need it., because honestly, government is better served as a military-industrial complex than a social structure.  Having a heart is just un-American.   If you say different you’re letting the terrorists win.   I miss our heart.
1	Several of the trek news sites and Save Enterprise campaigns are citing production sources that  Enterprise has been renewed for a fourth season!   Enterprise was on the bubble, meaning they could have canceled it prematurely just like the original series, and many believed it would get the axe.  I'm excited, as they're now set to set up The Federation of Planets with the remainder of the show, which in my mind is really where it's at.  This season was really good, and the last few episodes have been great.   Tomorrow night is the next to last episode this season, don't miss it!  After that, change the channel to WB and watch the  final episode  of Angel!   UPN is considering moving Enterprise to Friday night in order to free itself of WB's ratings hog, Smallville.  I'd love that as I've always hated choosing which show to watch.   In other news, Karen's family and I are going to watch  Fleetwood Mac  tonight!   Karen is so excited, it's adorable.
0	Go,  someone  have a go at  guessing my favourite characters .  Or is no-one that interested?  I'm a bit stupefied from trying to play Morrowind on the xbox.  The main reason I play it on the xbox rather than the PC is I get motion sickness from first-person viewpoint games.  Yes it sucks - I can't play Neverwinter Nights :( - maybe I should try anti nausea pills? I've had better luck playing games like that on a console - the distance between the TV and me is larger so it helps.  I'm still a bit bleagh, and I'm overloaded with the information I'm having to read to figure out what's happening.  Maybe I'll give it a rest for a while.  I love the  idea  of playing Morrowind (I adored Baldur's Gate) but I just don't think I'm up to it.  *pouts* Guess I'll just have to have a memory wipe so I can play Baldur's Gate afresh!  Anyone know a good telepath?
1	Yesterday       auriond    and me went to watch The Polar Express.  Hmm ... for some reasons there seems to be a hint of a biblical trinity somehow ... and santa looked like Jesus/God ...   Anyway it was a happy day ... because I had       auriond    with me the whole day Also got lots of birthday wishes via SMS from friends that i had long haven't got in touch ... And I got a birthday cookie from       auriond   's brother ... so pretty that i don't feel like eating it  the past week i was so busy with an infinite number of things ... going back to camp is killing ... finally a day of rest ...  Waiting for my ORD day *wait wait wait* Is it ORD day yet? ^ ^
0	this is sad as it end of cheers... I'm not certain if I've watched watched cheers since it's first episode on sept 30th 1982, but I've watched it for along time... and it's been my favorite show for most of my adult life..  anyhow I watched the final episode tonight... it was good, but not surprising, it ended with a feeling of hope, but still things aren't completely resolved... I was hoping for a cameo from one of the Cheers gang...  but alas, no...  so after watching the two hour Fraiser finale I watched an episode of cheers (Episode 162 - Season 7 - Don't Paint Your Chickens) still great stuff... and there are still 3 episodes out of the 270 cheers episodes that I haven't seen, maybe some day, if I'm lucky, tivo will catch them for me...  but enuf babbling for now.....
0	Hey its going to snow tomorrow.  Mother winter you can eat my dick, I hate you!  Sigh...when is spring comming.
1	This week, especially today has been muy muy stressful. Two tests today that I studied for all week cause they suck. Financial aid is giving me ulcers.  But on a lighter and much happier note...we have recruits coming today and guess who is visiting me? ABI SMITH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait till she gets here, we are going to have an amazing weekend!  So I am ready to have some fun.  Tonight : Hunch Punch, Jello Shots, 3 Kegs @ Brandons/Asa's.  HOLY HELL.  Twinners are getting tore up! haha  I can't wait.  It should be a blast.  And I will update later with the events of the weekend. As for now, I think I will take a nap to get ready for the night.  WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHOOOoooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOO! !!!!  everybody better get fucked up. and leave me comments.
0	so i just went to my high school reunions list of classmates and stuff to see who theyve found adn  who they havent...and i found the most horrible information there.... they have a list that must be from junior high cuz they had jeremy cheshire listed as deceased and he died in 9th grade.... that wasnt the most disturbing fact.. there are 7 people from our class that died  and i knew 4 of them pretty well but the one that saddened me the most was kevin sobotka... i barely knew him cept that we were in art class together and he was a friend of dustin silberling... he painted this awesome picture of a turtle  and i mean it was amazing for a fucking high school art student and named it morla after the neverending story so seriously EVERY time i watch that movie i think of kevin sobotka...i almost cried when i found out....
0	So, weekly update before the weekend zaniness begins. Well, my monitor broke earlier in the week, which sucks, but I've just about got that licked. My phone is off until later today and I go to pay it off. I made Red Beans and Rice on Monday (not from a can or a box) and it came out pretty good (needed more spicy, but had enough other seasonings). Besides that, nothing much going on... life is a big drag.   An Aquaintance is leaving town on Tuesday and is trying to get rid of some stuff at the last minute and I said I'd ask around.   WENDY'S DISCOUNT SALES! GOING OUT OF TOWN!   AMPEG 500W Bass Amp $500 1977 blond Gibson "The Ripper" bass guitar $500 HP Color Printer $100 27" TV $100 Drafting Table $75  I havn't seen any of these things, though she mentoned that the TV is under a year old and hardly used.  Anyway, I should be going out tonight with Dawn to OEJ if anyone wants to drop out and hang out. Don't know who else will be there, but here's to hoping some of ya'll show up.
1	Well, I'm 18.  Going to register to vote when I get back to the States.  Besides that...APAC softball was awesome.  Caught everything that came my way and some things that didn't.  Only ball that got away was one that went way over my head, and hey, nothing could've stopped that one.  We could have placed second in the tournament if we had just beat ISB.  Meh.  Still, I've never had that much fun losing before, or playing before.  I'm rather glad I made the All APAC team.  Ten people out of almost one hundred? Yeah, I'm really glad.  Of course, now I have to catch up on all the homework I didn't do while in Japan. :p
1	So tomarrow is the concert were I get to meet Bam and Ryan and one other un-named person.  I'm so excited!!!!  I'm at work and it is really boring like usuall.  I think Theresa is mad at me she wont talk to me and I'm not sure what I did this time.  Hopefully she reads this and lets me know.  Sara pissed me off this weekend but I'm not going to get into that it is not worth bringing up again.  I had a shitty weekend but ohwell.    On another note I cannot wait until HIM tours the united stated again I really want to go and see them in concert.  And meet the band that would just make my years.....  Anyways I will try to update later I have to go back to looking busy...  Love you all Malinda..
0	My fish died.  five of them.  That's 5 out of the 8 fish.  all that's left are 3 Melvins.  I hate fish! geesh.  Never let me get any more fish...because they'll die.  In less than a week.  less than a week. that's so sad...I walked downstairs this morning, looked at the fish tank, and there was the white/red one...just floating there.  :|  What a great way to start the day, right?   Don't let me get any puppies or kittens or anything either...as I'll probably kill that too.  ...maybe this is why no one asks me to babysit their children.  Hmm...  on the plus side, during civics, when we were supposed to be writing an essay, I just wrote a note and doodled on my notebook while pretending to look at my notes on saudi arabia.    we should go play pool sometime.  and now...a moment of silence for my stupid fish that keep dying. (...or not.  whatever floats your goat.)
1	So...  Spirits...  For 45 minutes, there was a group of drunk people in the front row screaming to Jo-anna (she MCs and runs the room). One of which, was named Martin. Martin thought it would be awesome to scream "VANCOUVER!" every 30 seconds (and his friends repeated this after him). Jo-anna tried her best to settle them down, but nothing would work.  I ended up being 8th on the show. By that time, the drunk group was passed out and no one else cared. So, I technically did alright... but I feel like I bombed.  Oh well.  And in more exciting news, I'm going to New York with Jared February 27th-March 5th!!!  YAY!  Oh and .. TOMORROW'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!  Come to CANKER tomorrow. 9pm. Oasis (College and Spadina).
0	I have a question for any of you who care... What should I do for the last 3 weeks that I am in my house?  I am getting kicked out, pretty much regardless, so I have a few options: 1.  Work my ass off to be good, and make sure everyone gets along. 2.  Spoil the kids by giving them lots of my stuff, so that at least they are on my side. 3.  Make life a living hell for my parents, show them that I WAS being respectable before they tried to kick me out. 4.  Ignore everything, and just pack.  Obviously there might be a few different options, but that's what I see as happening.  I just wanna know if you think that I should try a certain method.
1	hey hey! im on hte phone with katie!! she says hey!! im really happy right now? lol idk! haha! im studying for my mid term...  i cant wait for tommarow! caroline i need to talk to u! (really this time!!)   then ive got more homework! and ive gotta read for call of the wild, but ill proboblay just do spark notes with mady haha! i love that! good luck caroline baby at the blazer game!!    EMMA!!! dont forget!!! lol!  ♥
0	I wish that people could do something Im going nuts so if anyone wants to leave IM me at SimZmpls that would be great other wize Im going to bed PEACE,LOVE, and UNITY.  LOVE Dan
0	I found this awesome pink rubber band when I was cleaning my kitchen the other day.  I am totally keeping it and never ever taking it off!  Katie O. is on a mission for a man and she's not stopping 'til she gets one.  My evil mother made me get my eyebrows waxed and I am very upset about that but they are merely eyebrows so they will grow back, I'll try not to worry.  By the way, Dylan, you bowl like a pro!  It was very impressive.
1	       grenjelybean      You say it's your birthday It's my birthday too, yeah!  ::dances with Joey::   Happy birthday , birthday buddy!  I am having an awesome day.  A couple weeks back, Howard asked me what I'd like him to do for my birthday, and I asked him to bake me a cake.  He remembered!  He came home early last night as a surprise and baked for me.  He's never baked before, and he was so sad when it fell apart.  It's pasted back together with frosting, lumpy as heck, and it's the most perfect cake ever.  :-D  I came to my lj, and there are  so  many sweet people on my flist!  Thank you so much for making me smile.  &lt;3        fer1213    wrote me a  fic !  Go.  Go read it.  Enjoy the magic that fer makes with words.  I'm 33!  I don't feel 33.  How did this happen?
1	  I wish I could have eaten all my fries.       &nbsp;       -----         "Im like an addict - gotta have it When&nbsp;you go, my body goes oh oh, oh oh See you give me such a  good vibe  When the dramas sitting, riding on the B ride"        -----          &nbsp;      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I am  so  gangster right now   
1	*yay* Amy's gonna give me a PI card for Women & Work tomorrow during/after women images... and Denise told me to talk to her again after thanksgiving about women & the criminal justice system... therefore my schedule is now:  mon: 8:30-9:45 Intro to Law  tues: 8:30-9:45 international law (only if i can't get a PI/PC card into women & the cj system) 10-11:15 history of women in the us from 1880 12:30-1:45 the black woman  weds: 8:30-9:45 intro to law 12:30-3:20 women & work  thurs: 8:30-9:45 international law (pending women & the cj system pi/pc card) 10-11:15 history of women in the us from 1880 12:30-1:45 the black woman 3:30-6:20 rape & sexual assault (only for the first 5 weeks of the semester though)  fri: weekend!  going home as soon as i get out of women images tomorrow... well, going striaght to lenore anyway, then the library, then i'll go home =)
0	well n otha gay ass dai !! joy joy joyy wow how much i h8t how lyf is ryt now
1	YES!  By some grace of god (or satan?) it has been delivered unto me--- the final piece of my little brother's birthday cake!!! mmmm.... now some might say that it is too old to be edible but i disagree. it tastes pretty damn good.
1	Man I so love my job.....  Hey did I mention how much I love my job; no?  Well let me tell you, damn I love my job.  And what a great place to work too; I mean sure, on nights when the weather is bad... like today... it kinda sux because I'm outside; but I've never been happy to goto work like I am now.  And talk about beautiful.... this place can throw the "peace vibes" on any bad day... WOOOHOOOOO
0	No one condones suicide. Everyone says it's dumb, or it's wrong, or something else, but really, what does one do when they're incapable of not being miserable, or regaining lost happiness?  I'm one of these people. I'll never regain my beliefs, my faith in people, myself, and the world...my optimism, and my happiness, that I had before I came to Oklahoma. The person I once was is dead, and as long as this place exsist and I remember it, I'll never be happy. What do you do when you've reached this point? Because it hurts just being alive in such a setting, and even if I leave and live somewhere else, this place will still exsist and I'll remember it, and that will keep me from being happy.  I really, really don't know what to do...but usually people don't care or take me seriously when I bring this up...I guess I can't blame them, but I am serious.
0	 Well, it's hardly likely he would have been listening to Eminem or Mazza Manson, isn't it? 
1	 so my whole mood just changed. i found mp3's for seth roberts new band, eager seas. holy crap. it's so amazing. their album is coming out sometime this spring. this is one of the best things to happen to music in a while.     &nbsp;      www.myspace.com/eagerseas    
1	well yesturday was freaken awesome cause it was pam's birthday party and her birthday is on monday so woot woot!! ... other then that there's nothing to say exceptnext post will be for tonya and that every body has to go to BULK AND BARN!! its the best ever i love it there!! im kerr (arabic word for very very) happy =)&lt;3
1	my new website is up and running. IBill OKeied it !  so i am ready to roll.  starting to update tomorrow morning  , expect  new write in the diary, new NUDE LACE gallery.       first new to be posted today in club members area ( and don&#8217;t forget all yearly memberships are tax deductible ), and 100 % of proceeds go to charity of my choice ( remember i am  a director of charitable organization ?)
1	I'm going to PARIS!!!!!!!!!!  Yeah baby, Paris, France, at the end of April once I'm done exams. First weekend of May. It's only for like 3 days, but still... I'M GOING TO PARIS!!!! I'm so excited! Louvre, Versailles, Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe.. HERE I COME!!!!  I'm meeting my mom there on her way back from a business trip. EE!  Cam officially rocks my world, he drove me home from Trent and then from home back to Trent this weekend for Easter... WHAT A SWEETIE! And no, he doesn't just want in my pants... come on, guys.. we've so moved beyond that point in the relationship :D Nah, he just has nothing else to do and it gives him a chance to spend some time with me. We don't see each other very often. I'm just happy I didn't have to take the bus, 5 hours each way with no company. *huggles Cammy*  Also: HAVE MY NALGENES BACK FINALLY!!!! (MIA since October reading week) Full of loverly Ottawa water. Yum!  Scored the jackpot on nice friends and family, here.
1	Hey guys! I'm new here, so --  Name: Suparuki/Sparky/Vickie Species: Suparuki is a dragon-fox-goat hybrid. And Sparky is just a little 'ol fox. Age: 16 Location: Clemmons, NC  I'm really excited about meeting new furs!  Especially ones with the same interests as me.  I love to fursuit, and play DDR, and draw and eat and watch tv andandand.  I'm excited. =3  I got very excited when I saw some posts back, that you guys come to Hanes Mall to play DDR.  I'd love to join you guys sometime!  Well, uhm.. I suppose that's it. So, HI!! *waves paw*
1	i saw that hot punk kid with his lip pierced again today! he is fucken sexy! lip rings on certain guys are fucken sexy! haha...anyways...my roomate threw up today and has a cold...and i really really hope that i don't get sick!!!!....hmm....hehe.......ok i'm done talking now..........hehe
1	 i have to say, this summer has gone rather quick. but i did get to hang out with ppl at parties who i can say may be close friends of mine in the near future. my brother is home :) and i have to finish my books for school.     but most importantly:     I CANT WAIT TO SEE U ALL AT ORIENTATION.  we will all be crusin in with our ve hi cles for the ones who have their licenses. hopefully this year wont be so full of cliques because life is to short to bother with fake people and stuck up bitches. &lt;3    g. 
0	only a couple of people will understand my title. and you guys aren't them. sorry.  my mom had to give away my kitten Malachi. she said that she didn't have enough money to take care of him properly.  as long as my fishie doesn't die, because i love that fish. dan's still being a bitch. i still think it's just because he's jealous of eddie. oh well, he'll get over it, or himself one day.  dan said that if eddie wanted to come pick me up that he could. good, because i am miserable here in florida. only thing that i look forward to is talking to eddie. other than that, i dread everything else. because all me and dan do is argue, because he can't get what he wants, which is me. *sigh* anyways, gonna bounce, bai people.  love always, kayleigh marlana tibbits aka frozen tears  I Love You Eddie!
1	ahhh im bored...  I WANT A SNOW DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  had fun friday!!! ilu tyler!!!  i broke my toe!!!!... dont ask.. lol..balonde..haha~sitek   .. apparently im really judgemental.... so sry all u people tht i was SO flipn judgemental to.. cuz i didnt mean to be so ...lol  and ya kno what.. theres a diff between being judgemental and just not talking to the person b/c u dont like them!!!!!
1	I've done this one before, but for fun....   Book Meme. 1. Grab the nearest book. 2. Open the book to page 123. 3. Find the fifth sentence. 4. Post the text of the sentence in your journal...along with these instructions. 5. Don't search around and look for the "coolest" book you can find. Do what's actually next to you.   Prograamming PHP , Rasumus Lerdorf & Kevin Tatroe, O'Reilly Media, Inc., 2002.  "The  array_splice()  function can remove or insert elements in an array:   $removed = array_splice(array, start [, length [, replacement ] ]);   Not much better than  the last time I did this  I'm afraid... I'm such a nerd! ;)  Well, time for a little drive and then.... TURKEY! TURKEY TURKEY TURKEY!
1	That is all for now, cause Johns already bitching about everything I wrote.....pryor(i def know i spelt that wrong) to this.  He feels compelled to read everything......lol......So since I know he will be reading this tom......JOHNS A DOUCHE!
0	at times she has lost herself in her own thoughts... at times she has dreamt with her eyes wide open... at times she has smiled trying to hide her sadness... *sigh* but trying to fake her smile tears trickle down her eyes... she hits the reality ground real hard...  its so true when they say "Reality Bites"... It bites real hard...
1	I have a moment to breath, it is the first one today, I am catching up on the internet, and enjoying a bit of quiet while Summer watch's Blue's Clues, and Jacob naps. I need to get up and make lunch, but I realy don't want to. I will in a sec though. Jacob, has been sleeping in 30 minute burst which gives me enough time to get started on something but not enough time to finish it. I wish I had a better idea of what to do with these times of rest between running around as a father, and cleaning etc. Well, Jacob is waking up, and Summer needs lunch as I mentioned earlier.   This is the toughest life I have ever lived, and one of the best as well.
1	BLAH. work sucked I think that was the one thing I did NOT miss while I was gone. Im so excited for this weekend. Im going out with this guy from freeland, and he seems all very nice and HOTT so Im excited. See what happends though we are going to shooters and then to like his house to "hang". Amy and I better do something this weekend or I will be ANGREE!
1	Главный матч недели в Европе: Барса - Реал. Эль-класико... Барса рвет 3-0!!! Валенсия и Депор выиграли! В Шотландии: Rangers&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 2 - 0&nbsp; Celtic !!! Германия и Италия меня  не ебет  не интересует. Осталось основное - Англия. Мы начали первыми. 2-0!!! Рыжий и Гиггзи!!! Арсенал с Чесли на пару испугались и ведя в счете(при чем Голубые вели 2 мяча!!!), умудрились свести свои матчи к ничьей 1-1 и 2-2!!! НУ что... We will never die!!!
1	MY SPRING BREAK WAS ALRIGHT BUT IT'S ALMOST OVER, AND THATS SAD. IN THE BEGINNING I WAS UPSET THAT MY TWO FRIENDS WERE LEAVING BUT IT'S BEEN QUITE ALRIGHT WITHOUT THEM. I MEAN, IT'S SAD THAT WE DIDN'T GET TO CHILL OUT TOGETHER BUT WHAT THE FUCK I MEAN, I DEALT. OKAY? I'M HAVING A GOOD TIME BUT DON'T ASK ME WHAT I'VE BEEN UP TO CAUSE I WON'T BE ABLE TO REMEMBER  DADDY ACCUSE ME OF TAKING SOME DOPE FROM HIM. I SAID I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT HE WAS TALKING ABOUT (BUT OF COURSE I DO AND I ALWAYS DO) THEN HE QUICKLY CHANGED THE SUBJECT TO MOVIES WE DIDN'T OWN. WHAT A COOL DAD.   HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE! I'M LISTENING TO A SONG ABOUT STAR WARS!
1	      sublevel3   , could you print off a bunch of those flyers today at the studio if you get the chance so I can give them to people tomorrow night? Love you baby and really looking forward to seeing you xxx
1	 Tru Calling  two hour season two premiere tonight!  EEEEEE!
0	someone is teasing me in a nice way, but it makes me sad. should i tell them?
1	I keep getting butterflies when I think of you  I want you to forget the days that were blue  I couldn’t think of another boy  Who’s worthy of my time     You point out the way and I’ll obey  I’ll follow the road, I’ll walk the line     I care for you and I find you delightful  but sometimes new feelings are semi-frightful  To put your heart out on a string  It casts about, a tricky thing     You’ve caught it though  It’s in your teeth  It’s fragile... so be careful, please.
1	crew sweatshirts finally came in!! wooooohoooo! and look pretty cool if i do say so myself.                        woot woot!    in other news, today was teacher-student swap day. which always cracks me up, but even more so since i've got nieman this year. it is seriuosly tough to take your cross-dressing science teacher serious while he's trying to tell you about waves.   and then mr slomer was totally losing his mind in precalc today and went NUTS on us and everyone in the micropolis. yelled something about them making him listen to his own psychotic voice. which was actually a bit scary and we all stopped laughing, until he came back in and was like "Well, how did I do?" and we all started cracking up again. :) that man is sooo funny.   off to do homework!
1	Hey I am a big non-updating loser but putting that aside...  I MOVE OUT OF MY HOUSE TODAY   i thought that was worth updating about,  so all of you that ran off and left me and went away to school when you come back for Thanksgiving come stop by my APT. I heart you all !!
1	  My family is so awesome. For Fathers Day, they bought me a portable DVD player and the NYPD Blue Season One DVD set. This is in addition to having to put up with me on a daily basis. I love you guys!!  Also, thanks to  Drew   I found out that my  Star Wars Villain  name is  Darth Copulator.  AWESOME. Of all the villian names, I get THAT.
0	You know how people say that there are different stages of getting over heartbreak?  Well, I'm still stuck in stage one.    This fuckin' sucks.          Well, my chest hurts really bad, maybe I'll have a heart attack and save myself from having to hang from the ceiling by a noose.       Feh.
1	We got the Tic-KETS!!! Enrique, I love you! To the rest, we gotta talk moola. But we got the TIX!!!!!!
1	HEy Everybody i havent posted in here wince like december 6 or sumthin like that! crazy ok ya but ne way this is why i am posting   Indysisive has a show! yipee  March 3rd @ The Underground 2401 Olympus Drive Roseville Ca. 95661 7:00 (wer opening so be ther on time:-)or u mite miss us) Wer playing with Face Up and ther super cool so u all have to come.  Tell ur frends!!!
1	Have I mentioned I love Dan Toffey.  Well, I do.  I also love Death Cab For Cutie.
0	  Want off my friends list?    Here's a chance to remove me from your friends list if you want, really.. I'm not doing a friends cut, I luv you all. But if you're sick of my whineing or just don't give a damn about me and want to remove me from your friends list then let me know and I'll take you off my friends list as well.   Also, I'm removing a few people who have took me off there list for some unknowin reason, or just never bothered to add me back.       applesider19          bishtrainertai          icy_sj          nera_chan          paranoid_kitty          pheonixchild          projectvortex    &       azurexia    (      zale_avea   )  &lt;--removed because we hate each other.   If you want readded, ADD ME. then comment  here .
1	Happiest of Birthdays to       _bettina_    Hope the day is wonderful for you with something sparkly and naughty for you tonight.       Lance is admiring the Fine Kirkpatrick Ass, and why shouldn't he *g*    and now Chris checks out the Bass Ass, maybe thinking of giving it a little pinch.    here Lance wants to either give Chris a relaxing massage or push him in the pool and see him wet. huh, you decide.           i_kare   , thank you for the e-card, it was adorable. *hugs*  And thanks for the holiday cards to       nothinggold   (aw, the little kitty)       marrymehowie          babyjcoctober    (the MF JC postcard, you rock!)       bigguns23          kaycee_a          adelete    (the postcard is so cute)       lunkidunk          megansync    (you and Ryan, so adorable)Thank you all for the lovely cards. They are displayed on my computer desk and it makes me smile everytime I look at them.
0	So I just watched ep's 16-19 of Gankutsuo, and man did I ball my eyes out. They hurt so bad from all the crying XD But it was just so sad =( God I'm such a looooooooser =D
0	Well today I went to summer school and it was ok...i guess...my teacher was umm interesting.  I am taking us history and we're watching the patriot and I like it.  But I talked to sarah today shes so kool....yeah we have the same lunch and we talked for a little bit.  I wish I could sleep in everyday.  It sucks.  I couldn't stop listening to the cd meg made for me.  I am tired right now.  I'm sad again and I can't help it......I hate it when I feel this way.  I have no homework which is very nice.  I think I'm gonna go see dodgeball this weekend with my sister.  I wonder if it's gonna be good...anyone seen it yet?  Let me know if it's gonna be good.....please.  I think im gonna write something in my real journal tonight...lol.            later,             Amy
0	Thank you Dianne and Angela for backing me up, trying to convince Tho of keeping the Gift Certificate and purchasing the LV that I've been eyeing since Christmas isn't easy.  It was actually impossible, we had him for a second..... then it passed.  So I'm sending the beautiful Gift Certificate back to my friend.... and I will never get to touch or smell that sweet leather. *GOOD BYE MY LOVE.. PARTING IS SUCH SWEET SORROW!!*
0	Not really in the mood to tell you how my day went. Just feeling really shitty right now. Losing a close friend cause of some asshole. It's really sad. ...sighs...  I'm going to bed.  Steve
1	My Animation page is now up, featuring Episode One of my original furry cartoon, "Hearts in the Highlands", a non-furry cartoon involving my wacky Aunt, and my Dad's opinion of "Highlands" set to the animation.    Comments are greatly appriciated,  Happy New Year! Brent     My Animation Page        
0	   You are Socialist    What: Socialism Where: At the distant bottom-left of the politcal spectrum How: Comparable to communism, socialism is an economically authoritarian political standpoint. Often, people are guaranteed jobs and given them, while workplaces are being closely regulated. Forms of it are currently instituted in many modern countries, and it is know to support the working class, but also implode economies.  What political extremity are  you ?     I never do quizzes, so I'll presume you can forgive me that one.
0	damn it needs to be 11pm right now. the day seems so long when your waiting to blaze :/
0	Things that come out of me when I'm depressed....            
1	James and I went to Tesco this morning. Conversation in the fresh veg department:  "No, that one's too long." ... "That one's too thin."...  Spent 6p in there which amused the checkout woman.   Purpose of the trip here:  http://www.thelonegunwoman.co.uk/snow.h tm   :o)
0	 I can't stop thinking about it. I haven't slept all fucking night.  It all makes sense now, that's why they were all giving me those looks. God they must have been crackin' up after I left. I'm just one big joke in the world, hahah! I have this urge to mutilate myself real bad in hopes that I get some kind of infection and rot away. I wish I could peel all the layers of my skin that were touched by those dirty hands. No matter how hard I scrub its still there. The disgusting feeling.....the disgusting memories. I want to do so many terrible things so they can feel my pain. I want them to suffer from these horrible feelings.  I have no one to help me, to hear me out. I have no one to hold me and make me feel better. I just wanted it to go away but it all just got worse.  Will someone....anyone come and take me away please? Just take me some place where I won't be surrounded by assholes. Some place I can just think and figure out what to do with myself and this entire mess....... 
1	I woke up this morning, and  my husband decided he wants to be a physicist.   Oh, and go there to see his icon of our beloved goddess cat, Alyssa.  Xanax, please.
1	hooray geena. samuel must be a cool guy. i hope you guys have great memories with each other (what?!?!?)
0	I'm so very Irish, and this is the absolute worst day of my life. I should be happy and drinking right now. Instead I'm in absolute f'ing agony. Despair. Just want to die.
0	Lynchie died in a car accident last night. He was my cousin and a awesome friend. I feel bad because I haven't seen him in a long time. But he was always my drinking partner because we were always the drunken assholes at the party. He always had this happy grin on his face that I will miss, along with that raspy voice of his....     ...miss you always...&lt;3 RIP Lynchie...
0	sigh...  today did not bring bubble tea...  all it brought was a sick       msservalan     and trying to learn the very very boring and dry subject that is accounting...    maybe tomorrow will bring bubble tea! i can always hope......
1	*shivers with excitement*  Just as I thought...the animation is beautiful!    I am already in love with the Murasame Liger and the Bio Raptor....  Gods...I can't wait for this to air...I can't, I can't, I can't....   YATTA!!!! 
1	  FRiENDS 0NLY   b-cuz: 1] mah family iz ALWAYZ in mah shyt- n dey dun n33da read thiz 2] i dun wan BYTCHEZ i dun lyk readin thiz 3] cuz i can do tha ;]  thiz iz mah new j0urnaL! uh 0! lol* c0mment + iLL add chu baCc! me + mrissa iz chyLLn...u kno whaz up!
0	Well, my stables at www.runtotheroses.com are doing well.  I think I chose some really good horses and am in good shape to break the top 100 in the next few weeks.  For all those who like horses, check out the site and start up your own stable.    My Wildcats won the SEC regular season title (That's No. 43) but we ended up losing to the Florida gators by 1 point on Sunday.  The SEC tournament starts Thursday and my Cats play Friday.  Hopefully we can win the SEC and get a number 2 seed in the NCAA.  Speaking of which, selection Sunday is next week.  Get your brackets ready.
1	     Disorder      Rating        Paranoid Disorder :    Moderate       Schizoid Disorder :    Moderate       Schizotypal Disorder :    Moderate       Antisocial Disorder :    Moderate       Borderline Disorder :    Very High       Histrionic Disorder :    High       Narcissistic Disorder :    High       Avoidant Disorder :    Very High       Dependent Disorder :    Very High       Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder :    Moderate       --  Personality Disorder Test - Take It!  -- --  Personality Disorders  --     
1	So today was one of those days where no matter what is happening I'm happy. Probably because I was doing arts and crafts in my bathroom, painting and decorating. Anyway, I told Trey I would make him anything for dinner since he was obviously having one of those bad days and when I went to the Kroger to pick up groceries there was a guy, fairly hot guy, who was getting donations for Cervical and Vaginal cancer, which I believe can be enterchanged since I have a feeling they mean the same thing. I gave him about a dollar and 57 cents, all the cash I had on me after getting gas and he gave me roasted peanuts as a thank you. :) I feel good when I make those kinds of donations.
1	Mmmmm, yesterday consisted of a lovely afternoon of picnicing with my favorite orc.   The weather was glorious, the sunshine was bright, and I have an all over healthy glow :) Next time we'll bring towels and go swimming in the Llano river. Next time we'll bring sunscreen too.
1	      badmovie    gave me a Lucky Surprise Egg (masquerading as a Kinder Surprise egg)!  Sweet!  I don't know what tiny plastic figurine is inside, though, because I haven't eaten it.    I'm so amused by the ads gmail choses to pair with my emails.  I got an email from my dad complaining that the spring training game he was going to see got rained out, and the two ads were for sites related to Americans teaching English in Japan.  Huh?   And finally, I now own  purple Doc Martens.   w00t!
0	Iu alia jam tradukis  La Aventuroj de Alico en Mirlando .  Mi ne estas certa, ĉu mi estas feliĉa aŭ trista.  Sur la unu mano (on the one hand), mi povos ŝaki mian propan tradukon.  Sur la alia mano, mia ideo ne plu ŝajnas tiel nova, kaj iom da la ekscito estas lasinta.
0	stairing at his body , laying there with machines keeping him alive... he is future on this planet is has come to a hault. speaking only to myself and hoping for the best for his soul. hoping , wishing hes in a better place. he cant see , hear , speak , move. watching his motionless eyes tear up. a kid i grew up with , for years....being the same age as me? it's so not fair.they should not pull the plug. i wish the best for you dan , i hope you are in a better place than this earth.
1	The national women's hockey teams (under 22 and senior) are going to play a couple of games at the Gutterson arena!  That's right here!  I am so excited - and, amazingly, tickets are really reasonably priced!!!  Whaaaa-hoooo!
1	I just went shopping. I got a black Dickies skirt, and a My Little Pony shirt.       I'm so excited. :D I love My Little Pony's.
1	I happy, because today I woke up with The Blue Nile's "Because of Toledo" in my head. More words than I thought I new, which is great because it means the new album is Very Good. It's official - my mind says so!
0	I don't know why I even try...I know I can't compete, and yet, I don't give up. I forgive people, even when they use me....Or break promise after promise, and lie countless lies to me...Well, I guess that's what happens....
1	I can't contain my excitement for my upcoming interview though I dunno what to expect of it.
1	and yes she just gave me a journey live in concert dvd.   and god damn, i love it.
0	 Mitch Hedberg found dead in a N.J. hotel room.   I really enjoyed his comedy.  This is very sad.  :(
1	Im so excited right now I can't even contain myself!   My roommates r great, Im anticapating Amy's arrival at the moment, she's not home yet. Life is much better, no worries, its great!   Im going to Gainesville and staying with becca and ryan all weekend and going to FBA, Im sooooooooo excited!!!!!   What Im most excited about though is the week after that Im going home for the homecoming game and Jess is coming with me. She gets to meet everyone that she hears about all the time and I get to see everyone Im the most excited person in the world right now. I haven't been home since I left and I just can't wait!   It looks as though Gainesville will be my new home next year. I have to talk to my mother but those r my future plans and I can not wait! Though I dont know what Im going to do with the great friends that I have here, I suppose I'll be here about as often as I am in Gainesville now!!   Today was a day full of work so I am rather tired, I suppose I should go relax!
1	   what's up..man i am in a good mood. I got my hair done last night and Terrance stopped by to see me that was exciting he took really nice senior pictures. Then I went to the game today it was alot of people there and my baby scored points for me. I talked to alot of people after the game so that was good. and i told terrance to look happy at the game and he said he would if he saw me and he did see me and he looked so happy. but besides all that i planned to kick it with my boo boo tonight and i can't wait. something is going on and i don't know what it is but i can't wait till figure it out...i am just going to be chillen at the crib for a while. tonight is the nite that jill and her people's are having their showdown i hope everything goes ok and i am sure that it will. well anyways, i don't have no more to say so i'll holla.   
1	I'm teaching Shizuka-chan to duel.  I'm teaching Shizuka-chan to duel~! I'm teaching Shizuka-chan to duel~!  ...  Actually... It's more like Yugi's teaching her to duel, and I'm nodding and agreeing, and throwing in little pointers that I remember Yugi's Jiichan telling Jonouchi...   The Islands pretty.  If I agree with Shizuka-chan, she'll like me more.  Yep.   The duelings started, so it should be interesting to watch the duels.  And Shizuka-chan.   I can't think of much more to say.  Me... obsessed with Shizuka-chan? Of course not.    I should really get around to asking Yugi to teach me some things that I can teach Shizuka-chan 
1	Ah! Finally! I'm seeing some money. Unemployment eventually got around to the business of processing my paperwork. Lots of things going on lately. Yesterday, I'm pretty sure I made my company the first in my area to use Linux. I put it on an old PC that I built from spare parts they had. The computer sits out at the counter, and will (after I make some software) be doing counter stuff. Heh! ;)  I'm also working on a new groupboard for Strider. It'll be much better than what's already there, both in terms of functionality and professionality. It'll have stuff you'd normally find in Photoshop, Paint Shop Pro or openCanvas. I'm looking forward to when it's finished. :)     Cool girl      Bonnie (Noogy fan art) 
0	       You scored as  Interpersonal . You enjoy being around people, like talking to people, have many friends, and engage in social activities. You learn best by relating, sharing, and participating in cooperative group environments. People like you include salespeople, consultants, community organizers, counselors, teachers or any other helping profession.       Interpersonal             75%       Verbal/Linguistic             64%       Intrapersonal             61%       Musical/Rhythmic             43%       Visual/Spatial             43%       Bodily/Kinesthetic             32%       Logical/Mathematical             18%        The Rogers Indicator of Multiple Intelligences   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	   You Are Ariel!        Headstrong and fiesty. You have a mind of your own that's full of romantic dreams about the world around you. Exploring exotic places is your ultimate dream, and although you can be a little naive you'll realize that there is something to be gained from your family's wisdom.     Which Disney Princess Are You?       totally wicked...the little mermaid was my favorit disney princess of them all...coolness
0	  WHITE It never ends...      ??Which colour of Death is yours??     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	What Up?  I up and feeling alot better. I didn't fall asleep during  Embrace of the Vampire  last night, but I did during  Crouching Tiger,Hidden Dragon  considering that it was three o' clock in the morning. I'm not sure what I'm going to do today, but finishing up my essay is one thing.Maybe I'll search for the prom dress I desire.I'm going to post up a pic in my Elfwood gallery soon.  Here's how it looks so far:     I think it's coming along well. I really need a Wacom Intuous 6x8 tablet and they're very, very exspensive ranging around $200 to $300 or so. I might put this pic in my store at Cafepress to earn some money.  All in all it's sunny and it's Friday. What could be better than a sunny Friday?TGIF-Thank God It's Friday!!!Later.
1	Astonishing X-Men #8     "The Danger Room is Angry."   OMGWTFBBQ!!!
1	 http://megapixxels.co.uk   goes live in the next 24 hours - expect some actual content soon!   current line up for 'hott gas' compilation:  01) germlin 02) acrnym 03) overthruster 04) ohhh!!! 05) grnr 06) sabrepulse 07) thee moths 08) mcGazz 09) cardopusher 10) tape 11) dr. rek shybell 12) hey kid nice robot! 13) scissors 14) donna summer 15) cliff lipp 16) textadventure 17) otterley
0	I just called to file my unemployment claim, and apparently due to high call volume, they're assigning call back dates.  I can apparently call back between Wednesday and Friday, but no later.  Weird.
0	I'm hosed. I only have $20 and I have to pay around $600 in bills by the 1st.  I thought things were getting better. $120 in overdraft fees sent me right back to the poor house.   Sorry I haven't been on. I've been very down lately. I can tell my life is turning to shit so I try to avoid it. That means no going out, no talking to friends, no drawing, no nothing. Just TV and games to numb my brian and get me closer to death.  So yeah, I don't know what to do. There's really not much I can do. I'll have to try and borrow money again. God damn it! And I thought I was getting back on track money-wise.
1	nick's comment, on seeing the new iTunes/Pepsi commercial with gwen stefani in it:  "if i opened my beer and gwen stefani started coming out of it, well, i would know it's time to stop drinking."   in other news, there will be a new girl in the department next year, and i'm really excited about her coming!  she's like, a mini me...  honor's program, double major in ed and performance, excited about steel band.  overall, she was really nice, and we didn't have trouble with conversation...  i'm excited!  yay!
1	I played my first game as a St. Louis Blue last night.  I really wanted to impress the fans my first game, and I think I did a pretty damn good job of it.  I got a shutout in my first win, 1-0.  I made like 33 saves or something.  It even felt great to hear the fans chanting my name.  I think I'm really going to like it here.  The Blues are a good team, even if Sergei and Drapes say its evil.  I'll always love Detroit first.  But, with St. Louis, I have a chance to do the things that I was doing in Detroit.  And I'm really excited about facing the Wings next week.  Really excited.  That's all I have to say right now...
1	Well, that went quite well.  Yet again, he made me laugh a lot.  I made him laugh a good bit too.  We spent some more time discussing my moods, my father, and some other stuff.  He *really* doesn't like my dad in the least, by the way.  So far, I think he's referred to him as detrimental, hurtful, and a cheapskate.  Along with some other stuff.  All this makes me laugh, because it's really quite true.    Anyhow, next appointment is next Wed. @ 2pm.  In the meantime, I'm supposed to be keeping track of my moods: when I feel depressive/isolated, what situation caused this feeling, and what I do about it.  Fortunately, unlike my last shrink who I really wasn't getting along with, his method of "keeping track" is a lot less rigorous and anal retentive.    Oh, and I need to remember to get my ID number and confirmation number from those silly Value Options people.  And because they seem really together and good about these things, that call will only take minutes.  Yay!  Now for lunch.
1	Aoren for Rillystar.  I had tons of fun with this one.  Her description said that he had long, beautiful hair, so I really wanted to do a picture that reflected that aspect of him.  I remembered being pleased with the way hair looked with colored pencils on toned paper, so I thought I'd revisit that technique for this picture.  It's been a while since I got to go all out with long, flowy hair :)         click image to enlarge  
0	Hmmm...speaking of being cruel to animals, I remembered I accidentally killed one. Oo; I swear to god it was an accident! &gt;.&lt;; I accidentally killed my sister's chick when I was 9 or 10. &gt;.&lt;; You see, the chick was going inside the house, and I had no idea so I closed the sliding door and I heard the chick chirping. His neck was bleeding!! &gt;.&lt;; So when I opened the sliding door, the chick was jumping around with his head flailing to its side and then it collapsed and died. ;_;  Then the other chickens started pecking at him like they were eating him or something, so I kicked the other chickens and buried Chippy (the chick's name).   And I prayed to god to forgive me. &gt;.&lt;; I know...I'm soo mean, but it was an accident. Of course, I cried when I killed the poor chick. ;_; I vowed myself to never hurt another animal, but I'm so lazy to feed my dog. ^^;;  End.
1	 You know this live journal thing is kind of addicting. I have it what now 3 days and ive made what liek 3 or 4 entries. Its not like me I tell you but hey what can I do. Happy Christmas and Hanukah. Hope you have had a good time over break so far, mine has been pretty good I guess so far. Later yo 
1	USAGI-CHAN! Roll up for your Icons girl!   These are all for you!   Who will be the next to get a big batch?  Stay tuned to find out!     Usagi:            Sailor Moon:            Blinky:    All of these are for you my dear friend Usagi-chan!
0	 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   My CUPE pen just died!!!!  Oh, the humanity!  *sob*   In other news, anyone wanna go to Flip, Toss & Thai for supper tonight?
0	I really don't want to downplay the wonderful acting of Catherine Bell in this episode or the writing of Dana Coen, but as a Christmas episode for JAG I found it to be lacking when compared to Jaggle Bells, Ghosts of Christmas Past, and All Ye Faithful.  I did like the greetings at the end from the different military units.  It once again showed the support and respect that Mr. Bellisario has for the military.       View this entire post on my blog   
1	thanks for getting me out last night, john. good talk.   i enjoy lying down and not sleeping. (although, i did fall asleep accidentally)  as long as you are there, that is. so, i hear that i will be spending too much money on concert tickets this summer. hell yeah, petty, crowes, and mars volta. (imagine me, at bonnaroo)   there is something odd about being on the verge of puking for three hours, yet being utterly happy at the same time.  why am i writing in broken paragraph form? can someone tell me?   damn, things are good.   what do you mean, you're not calling in?
0	     Take the  What Should Your New Year's Resolution Be?  Quiz   
0	Feeling better finally. It took a lot of feet-numbifying, a lot of brain-numbifying, a lot of cigarette-smoking, a bit of de Lint reading, and a lot of coming off the fucking caffeine overdose.  Which...  ...is what it HAS to have been.  Medication + too much chai + overstimulation input-wise = completely-freaked-out achy Gina.  Bed now.   Yes.
1	I'm definitely ending my college career right- every weekend lately has been wonderful. That includes this past weekend. The festivities began with celebrating Andrea's bday at the Mound, which was loads of fun. So good to catch up and hang out with people I hadn't seen in ages.   Friday night was a quiet night in with Steve. We went to Chopsticks (yumm), and finally watched "The Haunted Mansion." It was cute!  Got a lot of our weekend things done yesterday because we knew today would be busy. We ended up eating at the Moonlight Diner to celebrate Andrea's and Mike's friend Dave's bdays. Moonlight Diner is so good! Very ashamed I hadn't made it to there earlier. Speaking of restaurants, Moulton's is opening on Tuesday! Boo yea. Good times.  Hope it gets a little warmer soon and all the snow melts away. Today's lil sis's bday-  Happy birthday Lauren!!!!!!
1	i'm in guelph baby!!!! only getting slightly lost cuz of miscommunicated directions haha... guelph is like cow town haha...here visiting cherry, who is currently on th ephone =) missing my bf wanting to go to inside tomorrow wanting to go to autoshow saturday not wanting school to start again yea u no...the usual.  this dude got me a birthday present...which is weird cuz i saw him on the bus and then he's like (this was a few weeks ago) 'it's ur birthday? i'll get u a pressent' and i blatently told him not to cuz i hardly talk to him and yet...he went all out n got me n slk model..which is nice i guess...still pretty freaky..  Inside tomorrow...6 ppl crammed into my 15 year old boat..one guy's going in the trunk waha.  i hope i don't get pulled over lol wish me luck
1	Well, there wasn't much blood, but I saw Crazy Matt wrestle and Masaki referee.  And might I say that both did outstanding jobs (especially Masaki since it's hard to referee matches with little to no rules and Crazy for taking some outstanding hits and doing some great moves).  I had a blast, but unfortunately it didn't work out well that I could hang out much.  I basically saw the show and talked to Masaki and a little to Crazy.  Anyway, I had a lot of fun... it being my first live wrestling experience and since I haven't watched wrestling in a while.  Woot!
0	Even if you were the one who did it cause you've been wanting to do it for so long and you know it was the right thing to do?  Damnit, stupid chest pains won't go away. And the  tears ,  ugh , don't get me started on the tears.  It's like breakups are  supposed  to hurt, no matter how "pleasant" they are.
1	My mom just now told me that she likes  Firefox . I was shocked ! :O  But she soon   clarified.      The white one !         mannu    r0x0r !  :-)  -nerdy  [update]  Yes yes does use Firefox !  [/update]
0	I feel like I have turned into an anal bitch.   I have been yelling at Grant and getting mad at him for little stuff that doesn't matter.   I feel like I don't get along with my friends anymore.   I probably dont deserve to since I'll just not say anything or say something mean.   I have no direction in my life and all I want to do is get really drunk and fucked up.   To bad that I have mono and I can't do that.   I guess it's bad to say that when I drink I feel more attractive and flirty and now that I go to these parties and can't drink I don't know what to do and I don't have any fun.   That's probably a bad thing.
0	Hey, I don't feel like typing anything important for the 2 of you who still read this thing...So, I'm gonna just put up some lyrics that explain how I feel. I don't normally make it a habit of quoting Neil Diamond lyrics, but Hell, it felt right tonight. "Melinda was mine 'Til the time That I found her Holding Jim Loving Him Then Sue came along Loved me strong That's what I thought Me and Sue But that died too  Don't know that I will But until I can find me The girl who'll stay And won't play games behind me I'll be what I am A solitary man Solitary man  I've had it to here Bein' where Love's a small word Part-time thing Paper ring  I know it's been done Havin' one Girl who'll love me Right or wrong Weak or strong  Don't know that I will But until I can find me The girl who'll stay And won't play games behind me I'll be what I am A solitary man Solitary man"
0	My dad is out at a meeting right now and my mom had to drive him because he had a little too much to drink and doesn't feel safe driving himself.  He's 55, not a 18 year old frat boy.  He drinks too much sometimes.  It's not really harmful i guess....he gets really annoying and then falls asleep on the couch.  He says he's drinking more lately because his mom just moved out here and he needs more to drink to deal with her.    Ever seen your dad drunk?  It's not even the fact that he's drunk.....it's that he drank too much again.  And not even a huge amount too much, probably 2 extra drinks than he should have.  But he needs his booze everynight....  sometimes i think he's an alcoholic...tonight being one of those nights
0	I did.  It was crappy, but it was mine and I was happy with it.  I popped onto LJ, checked my friends list, read some stories, posted some crap stories of my own.  Log off and go watch some Angel or some CSI or a movie.  I love coming here.  Love the friends I've made through LJ.  They are as real to me as the ones I see in person every day.  I know about their lives and they know about mine.  Or do I?  Can you ever really know someone that you've never met?  That you've only chatted with?  You think you do, but can you be sure?  I hate feeling like this.  I'm really hoping it's the fact that I've been sick that's making me this weird and not a sign of an impending mental breakdown.  I should put this behind a cut tag and spare you but this is my therapy.  Cause I'm cheap like that.  Feel free to scroll past because nothing interesting happened here.
1	What the F^&# do we know? really got me in a groove.  It took ideas I had and plans I made and feelings I have and gelled them into a human dynamo!  Hopefully I'll make it last once the euphoria wears off.  I'm positively affecting myself and my surroundings.  I'm in the zone!  And apparently this scares people.
1	And if anyone needed further proof that we are never quite content with our lot let me tell you that today the sky is clean and blue in Mexico City, the temperature is a cool 13°C (which should soon rise to 28°C) and there is virtually no traffic in the streets as the multitudes have left the city for the holidays.  The nasty bit? Well, I am stuck inside an office and will be here for the rest of the day.  Still, today I feel too good to bitch about anything. By the way, the nasty sunburn I got at Acapulco has receded and I finally have something that, after it's own fashion, remotely resembles a tan.
1	 Thanks to Jezabel I finally learned how to put pictures on here! Thank You!     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;      &nbsp;     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   
1	Roseanne really is my favorite show ever.    The fact that i have yet to see Sin City is retarded. I think i will get on that tomorrow.   Seriously look how fucking cute my cats are.. holy shit.. it's unreal.  
1	Just woke up a little while ago. Leaving to run on the treadmill at 6.1 mph for 25min. I weighed in at 143.0 lbs this morning.   Today is pretty laid back with the exception of an audition I have late afternoon. I am nervous but feeling pretty good about it. I feel prepared and ready.  Recital prep is going okay. I am almost done working my final set in the recital. Which means 2 down, 4 to go!
1	Hey all! I realized that there are a lot of Wasington masonic groups (especially the youth groups) on here, so I started a new community! Hope you all decide to join...it'll be amazing!!!       wa_joradeso   
1	Shaun and I are getting ready to go to the mall then we are going to Friendly's for ice cream then off to go shopping for food for the house.I was kind of upset earlier because,the house was such a mess and Gus got sick in the living room:(my poor little cat.Shaun ended up taking him back home and I never got to say goodbye to him.He was a good little fellow this weekend.I don't know what else to say so I will update later.Everybody have a good day.  Kelly-
1	Today is a workout day and surprisingly Im not in a bad mood because of it!!  It should be a slightly shorter one than the one on Monday but it will still be a workout!!  Anyways yesterday i did wall squats for 3 minutes and 15 seconds!!!  Feel the burn!!! I need something to do this weekend and if you have any suggestions please tell!!!   Nothing else to say right now except that im so overwhelmed with Kellogg's paper and his research paper and to read TO Kill a Mockingbird!!!   Loves!!  Dustin your nickname was.......
1	i'm ever so happy!  reasons:  1. new pictures, they for the most part turned out really well. 2. i'm photographing someone's wedding and getting paid. 3. mission sucessful.. :-) heh. i'm such a dickhead. 4.  then shewokeup [7:13 PM]:  you know,  you have the creepy look down to a science  then shewokeup [7:13 PM]:  haha  Ajoy89 [7:13 PM]:  oh, emily gallant, i know dear. but, thank you for noticing! i try..   Ajoy89 [7:14 PM]:  ....is it sexy creepy...or creepy creepy?   then shewokeup [7:14 PM]:  half and half  ...that made me laugh.  and...... um!!!!! yeah....happiness.
1	I'm eating Dulce de Leche cheesecake from Cheesecake Factory...   Today is a good day... not just because of the cheesecake... but I so totally love it when things work out =)
1	Dude. It comes out March 16th, so I wonder how long it'll be until it gets fansubbed... *can't wait*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Oh, yeah. Spoilers. XD
1	So, the Kiss Concert was wicked fun! It was better then I thought it would be. I think The Calling and Maroon Five stole the show, even though others would probably disagree. Also, we got The Calling's autographs!!!! It was so exciting! We bought their cd and then you could have them sign it!!!! It was great. yay Alex Band!!!! haha. So the concert was like 10 hours long and it was cold...but still fun. Haha and oh my god, afterwards in the parking lot was hilarious, but I won't get into that! So, yeah....I think I should go memorize my lines.
0	Five is obviously just using me. He mocks me openly. I feel so alone.  I just can't stay away. He's so damn gorgeous.  *sigh*  *another sigh*  Oh the pain.  Will obviously be fine soon and back to evil.
1	The Go Go Train @ The Foundation DJ Flavor Dav With Yr Ship's Bartender, Don Nelson 2718 N Bremen Street, MKE, WI 53212 Thursday, 7 April 2005, 2200 hrs - close   http://www.npr.org/templates/story/stor y.php?storyId=4578267 
0	I was looking through my old entries and it made me an ickle bit sad.
1	Nothing quite says love like dinner at Veggie Heaven and an evening of Bam videos!   My boyfriend rules!   (So I am wearing a velvet mini skirt. *wink*)
0	*Wanders around her island in Lorellin in a glorious strop*  I don't like people checking out of  hospital  Lorien without discussing it with me first and I don't like  death.  No death is funny, despite what my mun has to say about it. &gt;:(
0	OK, this is my one and only post on the subject.  Only posted because the title describes my exact feelings on hearing the news and the contents match my own opinions.  A royal wedding ... oh, that deep sinking of the heart 
1	Less than two weeks til I leave for the other end of the country!!!  Yup, I'm moving to one of our pretty little scenic towns in the South Island for Summer, where I'll be flatting and partying with three of my best mates who have been down there all year - I can't wait!  ...and meanwhile, I'm working on getting our other friend to be reckless with her finances and come down for NY's - she doesn't stand a chance, mwahahahaha!!!  But I don't feel bad; said friend just happens to be the one who fecklessly dragged me off shopping with her yesterday when I should've been studying - and oh, she will pay *evil grin*
1	So I thought, it being Easter, I could get a cute picture of Snoop. But I forgot that I have the most evil, antisocial rabbit ever. So instead, I wound up with Snoop eating my blanket.       I'm in a really good mood; have been since I woke up. I'm excited for Easter dinner, despite the fact that it's standard fare for when we actually all eat dinner together as a family-- potatoes, chicken, gravy, corn, so on and so forth. Dad's working today so I don't get to eat until at least 6:30, though, so for now I get to starve to death amidst the smell of yummy yummy food.
1	Woh. Got an offer a few days ago relating to my isLove-generator and the data I've collected through it from an advertising agency. Can't disclose any details yet as it's still under negotiation. But we've come pretty far already and the deal should be closed within a day or two. There's the issue of privacy but then again there never really was any kind of official disclaimer on what I were to do with the data. And if you've been keeping track of my entries you'd know that I could use these kind of finances. So I hope you can all understand why I've made this decision. You would've gotten the spam eventually anyway, with or without this turn of events.  Now it's time to settle my Eurofurence-payments. I hope I'm not too late.   Edit:  The post has been updated accordingly. And to those who may have gotten worried because of it, don't worry. Whatever little data is saved on the server gets flushed every few days. This is actually necessary to keep the script running properly. ;)
1	 wow lots have gone on this week...hmmm    EMILY AND LUCIO ARE GOING OUT!!! FINALLY! man that took forever! hehe ilu guys..so cuuute!!    i am now a member of national honor society...and might i add everyone looked absolutely stunning tonight!! sarah u looked gorgeous! mwah..cody should have come! lol    saturday night- jumby bay for anthony and gregs 16th bday!!! hehe partaaaay!    me and ashlee are making shirts for eachother for xmas....less than three!!    wed. was really weird-alzheimers at manor care....soo crazy..(if i havent already told u) dub a dub a dub...haha but i felt so bad.. :(    im out..    ps..i hope my hair stays straight for tomorrow! hehe just a random thought     &lt;3 
0	~i'm so sad...arisa is gone!  well, that's war, huh? ( confused? )     Yuki Sohma Kyo Sohma Shigure Sohma Hatori Sohma Momiji Sohma Haru Sohma Kisa Sohma Ayame Sohma Saki Hanajima   ayame!
1	Katie Marsal  Apple Computer is said to be readying updates to its AirPort wireless base stations and may soon debut a much demanded two-button mouse....  --  AppleInsider     Finally!!!!  
1	     What stupid celebrity are you destined to kill? by   daydreamer8852        Name           Birthdate           You killed           With a           On    January 18, 2023               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	i feel like i should update but i dont know what to say.
1	 http://www.comicbookresources.com/n ews/newsitem.cgi?id=5011   TALKING WITH THE CREATOR'S OF NEW LINE'S HORROR COMICS-  Brian Pulido- writer for all three Jacen Burrows- artist for Texas Chainsaw Massacre Juan Jose Ryp- artist for Nightmare on Elm Street Mike Wolfer- artist for Friday the 13th  (x-posted)
1	so a three day trip turned into a four day trip    it was a wonderful weekend in NYC
1	New entry on the main blog...   About time, too ... SNOW!
1	 http://www.mtv.com/news/articles/149793 3/20050309/story.jhtml   I can't wait!!!! This has made my whole damn week!!! -Dan
1	Ok, just so everyone knows, the fight I had with Matlina is at the bottom of things that I care about.         Good news rears is amazing head at me!!!         A LIST OF GOOD THINGS HAPPENING TO ME!         - For Some odd reason I was taken out of latin to be in advanced studio theater      - My advanced studio theater class has Tiara and Tara in it!      - My parents have finnaly come home from there super long trip in florida!      - I have finnaly found someone else who watches Wonder Showzen! RACHEL!!!      - The badgering, closed minded people at my church have finnally left me alone!!      - I don't know what else!!!          SO I AM SO FIRGGIN HAPPY AND I FEEL SO MORALLY RIGHT!        and sorry about my recent lack of super hero making and Live Journal posting lately.... I fail....        AND SO EVERYONE KNOWS TO WATCH WONDER SHOWZEN! IT'S ON EVERY WEEKDAY ON MTV AT 1:00 AM!!!  (If you cant sleep at night, it's the show to watch...)
1	Weekend was fun! Didn't have to work Saturday....yay...got the corsage and a new basketball. Played b-ball at jesse owens....fun times man. Church was alright...hung out with Jimmy and Ryan afterwards....great times again! This week will mark under thirty days left of school.....yay! Gotta take the senior pic wednesday, pay for AP tests by thursday, finish projects/papers, work, go to gym, and find time to go to sleep. Yipee...wish me luck. My buddy Andrew's dad works for Jim Click and says he can get me hired there...even though I am not a personal fan, I would definately love to work there cause hey, its not food service and they might actually pay me well and if the people there are as cool as my friends dad....oh boy.
1	hey sitting here .. so excited ... the guy i like told me he liked me.. yay.. im so happy i really like him .. and we went out 4 times and then i lost him for a long time, since sept. it was so hard seeing him dating other ppl and just sitting back acting like it didnt bother me but deep down in side it did. finally i get the guy, thats a first! im spose to go bowling tonight  but i dont whats happening there.we to the batting cages today and all these hot base ball players were there...i gtg i will update soon... later days
1	no school monday!! dont believe me go here   http://www.wset.com/closings.html 
1	um i need a b/f rele bad.seriously.lol.sry hannah my grandma would only let 2 of our friends in the house yesterday.i wasnt even playin with em . . . britt was.i couldnt come out though cuzi had h/w, i had 2 take my shower,and my friend was thinking about invitin me over 2 spend the nite,even though she never said if her mom said yes or no cough cough rachel martain cough cough.lol.well newayz were u scared walkin home norma after cinthe grudge?i was afraid 2 go into the bathroom 2 brush my teeth alone cuz of the bathtub scenes.brent would have been scared so bad.im glad he didnt c it.lol.well call us when u get home from church, ok norma???britts scared to go 2 her sunday school alone s maye one of these sundays comin up u could come with us.that is, if u want 2.will somebody show me how to make those back gorund colors and all that stuff u guyz did and how 2 get icons?well shout outs 2 all my buds from school k?bye bye!                                    *aShLeY NoEl LaYmAn*
1	EBVN I WUZ LILLA       emotion_monger    WUUZ MY FRIEEEEN!!!     WE MAKA SAAM FASE!  POPOOLR GIUY IS ME!   NIGEL FOR TEH WIN!
1	Dreams should be like wildflowers- easily picked by the roadside as we pass, then quickly wilted. Dreams should be like stars- making us reach, pulling us higher asking us to give our all.  Follow your dreams for as you dream  so shall you become  We've got to have a dream if we want to make a dream come true. ~Denis E. Waitley  It's DREAM Day!!!! I Love my Big!!!!
0	i seriously. mood swings to the max. its only 9:40. what is this business.   i want to cry.  i hate being in all day.  this song is really sad.
1	We're within $70.  (People slept, thank goodness.)  Wish I knew how to get text fields attached to "other" buttons.  Q1: That's if we wind up with excess.  I'm guessing we will, but maybe not much if I go hide those buttons at the right time. Q2: Casey's vote wins, of course, if he casts it that way.  "Going ahead now" just means I place the order now -- it doesn't mean people who have said they'll donate later won't get a chance.  It just means I'd float it.  ( edit : Hey, somebody who wasn't Casey made the "Wait, because I'm Casey and I'm not ready with details" vote!)    View Poll: Planning  
0	   Huhuh I went to work and my boss was crying...the chick i was talking about passed away today....and man she made me cry....        I started work at 4pm and then i had my break at 5 30 till 6 hahaha so like it was a pretty cool night..i have got the hang of understanding the sequence of things!!!!!!!! FINALLY hahaha...        Ohh yeah i have to work 1pm on Thursday..coz were serving lunch to Detectives hahahhahaa yeah thats right DETECTIVES hehehe..and then i get to finish at 6 while Karla takes the night shift....im soooo happy coz that means i&nbsp;get to&nbsp;go out to dinner with my friends...wohoooooooo...   
1	Just got back from swimming and I feel great. I miss water polo and my pool at home. Except I really wanted to muff-punt the "Lifeguard" if you want to call her that. She yelled at us for trying to use the diving boards and sat in a chair reading in Khakis and a turtle neck. Oh yeah and let some guy in a speedo with a fake tan use the diving boards all he wanted...bitch.   I'm going to Butler tomorrow for the weekend!! Hoo-rah! Its gonna be great to see the girls.   Alright, time for some crazyness...Have a great weekend everyone! See ya Sunday.
0	I'm back in Seattle and school start again tomorrow. Can it BE more depressing?  Gotta get my pictures developed so that I can relive all the kodak moments.
1	    She looks fuckin gorgeous, y'all. No, I'm  not sayin' she's pregnant...*laughs* I'm just sayin' she really looks like a mom in that picture. In a way. Well, I see the resemblance. *nods*
0	Okay, tommarow is our graduation and I'm so sad, you have no idea! I swear im going to cry, I'm going to miss every one so much. And Stephanie said she would call be back like and hour ago, but she hasn't, oh no one loves me. But moreover I'm going to go to Target and buy nail polish and razor heads, so tata...
1	The first Twin Cities II TP will be starting this coming Wednesday, December 3rd.  That is to say, tomorrow.  The Goblin Market is coming to town (detailed in 'news goblin market'), and we'll be running atmosphere scenes throughout the day, with plot events occurring in the evenings or when we have enough players.  The plot should continue for several days.  This is your chance to meet many of your fellow players and characters, see interesting things, and eat cat onna stick.  We hope to see you there.
1	Today they gave out the ribbons for the Turkey Trot!  I got my nice shiny red second place ribbon.  My time was 15 minutes 58 seconds.  That's horrible!  One of my students ran it in 10!!  I think next year I may actually try to train for this thing.... I don't think I could possibly do any worse.  14 days of school left until Christmas break!!  (And one of those days is a field trip!)
1	   MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE EVERYONE!!!        I HOPE YOU HAVE A WONDERFUL EVENING!         KEEP CHRIST IN    CHRIST   MAS!!!         Big dinner tonight, then family gifts, and then Christmas Eve Service!        Sat morning =  SANTA  gifts!!!        Love yas all!  MERRY CHRISTMAS  (And  Happy New Year !!!)        *Britt*   
1	  We're all so happy. Even though I look like Im ready to puke.
0	I haven't felt suicidal since...a while until today. I mean, not really, but you know just the thoughts. And OF COURSE it's due to boys...as always. So I guess no more with Matt. It's dumb anyway. I need a cigarette...or a razor.
1	Suddenly realised that i have not update dated for a while........ well here we go: Am back at uni boy that was a quick update... let me think... have i missed anything out...?... nope... that is about it *g* Have now started my phd...have got an office ( shared with 3 guys),a desk and a linux computer.. so all good! Have got some compulsory courses to go to.. tomorrow have got first aid for the whole day... the whole entire day... what about my naps...i'm cat i need to nap... if i dont sleep 4 or 5 times a day i dont have enough energy for my main snooze...oops lapsed into red dwarf mode *g*   todays catchphrase: "huge drama"
1	Hi!!  I did a search on Portland communities and am not sure if this would be the right place to post this but I'll give it a try...  I'm from Texas and my boyfriend and I are moving to Portland in August.  We are not sure exactly where we want to move yet (NESW Portland), but we know it needs to be by a PCC campus.  We'd like a small one bedroom house but an apartment would be fine too.  Do you guys have any suggestions on some nice areas with pretty cheap housing?    If I'm posting this in a wrong community, redirection would be great.  Thanks so much!  -Taylor
1	 OK... So I'm behind a couple of days...  Hope you don't mind me posting this, Bill!       &hearts; Caia and  &hearts; Bill        Secretly had 2.4 related children.  Are aspiring to read occasionally.  Harbour intense love for each other.                  Orchestrated by   ianiceboy       
0	Amazon does not have all of the ISBNs I search for in  bibliophil .  I can't find a lot of the books I own to put them in my library.  So what should we do about this?  Maybe there should be a public online database of every ISBN# and its info.  That way a place for personal databases won't be limited to books that are still for sale. I should go research ISBNs, then.
1	Good weather, great friends, perfect boyfriend, life RULES!
1	heheh all yuh wankers sucked out all meh bandwidth :D haha no probbies i'll increase the allotment tomorrow :) you should still be able to download it though cos that's from another site :D oh the joys of being your own domain admin :D Plus I realized there were another 3 or 4 songs that I totally needed to share with you all :D So I'll get to that tomorrow :D   Thanks a lot  for sharing your enjoyment of my sharing :D It makes me muchly happy :D
0	I HAVE A LEEDS FESTIVAL TICKET, (no thanx to aloud.com!), WORSHIP ME PEASENTS  back at uni... wanna be back at home again!  in 9 weeks i am half way through my degree! ARRRRGH  right   bye bye
0	Still no joy on the employment front.  And  Will  is moving out, and into the Buffy Summers School for Chosen Young Women.  Just me and the cat.  *sigh*   I'm beginning to hate this.  Almost as much as I hated it in Sunnydale.   Dawnie  isn't even around much anymore.  Too busy hitting the books in a big way.  I'm being all stupid and needy and depressive and this is NOT good but I don't know how to stop.  Backsliding, I think Giles would call it... 
1	Today was lovely.  It was a sweet day, filled with sweet people and pretty parks.   It was filled with conversations with people long neglected. And a free t-shirt.  And, and, and...wow. What a day. Im one happy camper. A smiling happy little camper!!   YAY for green real grass!
1	Today just.. was crappy.  It was so long, and I thought it would never end.  Then I am walking into the Chambers Building and I hear my name being yelled.  I stop, and there is Nick.  I have never seen him on Tuesday or Thursday, and it was such a surprise!  He happened to catch a different bus today, and our paths crossed.  It was so cool.  I got to talk to him for 5 minutes before he had to get to class.. but ahh.  Seeing him just made me smile and gave me this new start to my day.  I love how he does these things to me :)
0	~sighs~ Yesterday was...Bleh -_- Today's no better I guess. Though I'm happy to hear Damien and Aimee hooked up n.n ~decides to just go sleep~    Not needed for anything, not able to help or do anything in this wheelchair around here -_- Now it makes me HAPPY I'm 6'0! That should tell ya'll something &gt;.&lt; I hope I can get the surgery soon. This chair is KILLING my back @_@ I'm just going to go sleep now...All I can do and pray I don't dream.    Off to bed I go, when I wake up nobody knows -_-
1	guess who got a job at subway? thats right bitches.
1	     Your Sexual Profile (you sexual deviant you...)  by sparkledee      Name           Your Secret Kink Thing    You like being spanked.       Your Sexual Strength    Your super bed gymnastics!       Your Sexual Weakness    Your freaky noises during sex       Your Likely STD    You&#39;re clean!!       How Many Partners in Crime?    13                Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	The 8 and 9 keys should not be so close together. It is so easy to write :* in AIM (a kissy face) instead of :( (a sad face). This is bad. Especially when the other person is a guy. A guy who you don't want to think you're gay. Problem.
0	My MIL called yesterday.  Chance, her golden retriever died.  Digger (the lab mix) is very sad and won't go near the dog house.  I love those two dogs as if they were my own.  Chance was at least 12, probably older, and he was loved and treated well, so he had a good doggy life.  He will be missed.  Chance treated me as if I was a second owner to him.  He obeyed me as well as he obeyed my MIL.  I was one of the few people he would willingly let bathe him.  He was always good for a puppy hug and "kiss".    I'm sad that I didn't get to say goodbye.   
0	so i have decided that christmas is the worst time of year ever. it makes me realize how distant i am from my entire family. my christmas sucks so far. every thing i got (which is like 6 things) are completely awful. i wont wear any of the clothes because they arent me the only good things are the mean girls dvd and the book wicked. i just want to leave and never come back. i went to see my mom's side of the family last night and i felt so out of place and i felt out of place at home where kim's entire family came. i just dont fit in any more. i didnt get the only thing i asked for and needed which was a suit. im so frustrated with my family and being home. i just want to go back to nyc where i feel like i fit in at least a little. anything is better than being here and feeling like an outsider. im just dont with it all... back to nyc on monday thank god now to go cry myself back to sleep........
1	"This Masquerade(Single Edit)" by George Benson from   Breezin'(1976) Warner Archives/Rhino    Lyrics  (from a site on The Carpenters--never heard their version)  "Who I Am" by Jessica Simpson from  "Who I Am"(2000) Dreamworks    Lyrics    Are we really happy with this lonely game we play . . .     am i a masquerade?     are we all masquerades??? 
1	            You Are Ed Wood From &quot;Ed Wood.&quot;     You definitely have your name in history, although probably not for the reason you believe. Yet you are very accepting, non-judgemental, and optimistic almost to a fault. You also have a thing for angora sweaters. How could anyone  not  like you?       Take The Johnny Depp Quiz!        Figures.   SO excited about dance tomorrow, but starting to feel a bit bad in the throat region. No singing for Frank during tech.
0	They are starting to look like a really happy couple in US Weekly gah terrible.      argh lol ah well good for him I guess.
1	 http:// www.bridesave.com/search/index.cfm?actio n=details&amp;product_id=11766 &nbsp; and       http://www.bridesave.com/search/index.cf m?action=details&amp;product_id=8408   &nbsp; are my two fave dresses ever...talk about them more tomorrow!!  
1	This icon journal has now become shared!  Our newest icon maker is       whimsy_chan   !  All icons posted before this entry were made by       gundamnook   !  And from now on, there will be two of us posting icons.  Please make sure to credit the right icon maker or continue to credit       gnicons    when using our icons!  Thank you!  ^.^    ~ gnicons ~  
1	I'm going to Japan with the family in August.  Someone  needs to help me get to working Japanese before then. :P
0	I'm sad, my great grandpa died saturday and i had to go to the funeral yesterday. I didn't cry during the wake and the funeral but once we got to the gravesite my cousins and i burst into tears.it was really upsetting. i hate when people die. :( We went to my great grandma's house to sit and visit. She's been taking it better than we all thought( they were married for 67 years). i mean he was 91 and had been living with cancer for about 10 years. So it was bound to happen. Well i g2g
1	guess who is the newest employee for ASUCLA.   i kid you not.
0	I am fuckin piss and sad somebody here in my house was fuckin stupid enough to let my cat go outside and now i can't find her here or outside and i just hope she comes back she was the coolest pet i've ever had shyt it just sucks
1	Happy Dance!! I have finally finished Dragon Heart! I started it last summer, worked on it for about a month, and then this year in January, Feb, and March. It is complete and I am Happy!!!!!!    My next project is Lynne Nicoletti's Alice and then her design Neptune. I think I'm going to make this year a selfish one... projects for me!!
1	so today was my sweet 16! my wifey sara shwab brought me the cutest teddy bear its soooo soft and a happy birthday baloon its soo cute. and Kacey (i cant spell his name) gave me a ride home in his camero so i was like oober happy.lol im such a loser but anywho i made 2 new sns last night for aim. if ya ask i might just tell ya what they are;-)  and hahaha brian u didnt get the last 11 :-P
1	IT'S FRIDAY!!! Is anyone as exicted as I am? I've been waiting for this day all week. Another bonus is that it is the END OF THE MARKING PERIOD.   Two more games until the end of my soccer season. I'm glad. And almost NO homework this weekend. Woo hoo!
0	Woke at at the disgraceful time of 11:45am.  Went into work yesterday to chat to the people I used to sit next to.  They said I looked well.  Did I look like shit before or something?  I very probably did.  Spent most of the evening listening to "No Regrets", "Strong" and "She's The One".
0	God damn it. I finally have a class, and the first day is cancelled on account of weather. I actually  wanted  to go to this class. An  English comp  class. Those of you who know me and school should about now be backing away and looking for the pod.  But dammit! And also, I can't go pick up my phone charger from       societyisevil    until I go back into town! *whines*  Ah, well, I should quit bitching, huh? We'll have first class next week. Le sigh.
1	Well early this morning I talked to August about things in his life and in mine. We made a pack that we will always remind each other that we have each other ans that nothing can break our friend and love for each other. And we are going to be spending a few days together just the 2 of us around his bday in August.
1	THE FOURTH ARTEMIS FOWL BOOK IS COMING OUT THIS MAY!!!!!
0	Argh!  Just had exam of utter DOOM!  First one was ok, but this one was just awful.  I have my last one tomorrow.  ARGH. Ok, enough exams, I never want to think about Politics of the EU again (til the resit... ARGH).  I have to go home and revise for my exam tomorrow, but I actually want to sod it and watch Michael Moore on the telly.  Seeing as I have no willpower, telly it is then.   Have fun everyone
0	yeah i just found out i have to life and i and a fucking loser  yep i am it's prom tonight at my school and well yeah i didn't go cuz well im a fucking loser but it's alright no one probably would have gone with me anyway  im just really depressed right now cuz i drove home from pauls tonight and i see about 10 cars on the way home that have guys with their dates in the car and i am driving HOME not to after prom HOME by myself then i see my school and the entire fucking parking lot is full of cars god damn what the fuck is wrong with me  ........yeah well tonight was FUCKING gay except for mehrys house and we didn't even do anything over there but it was still cool cuz well for once in a long while i didn't have to deal with anything i just sat and looked at the lake and just..sat god damn and now i dont know whether to welcome summer or just hope i have school forever i dont know anything except the fact that i am a loner
1	Well, now that I have decided that there is indeed life outside of my apartment, I've found an unexpected similarity in the past few days. Namely, puppets. It started with Mitchell introducing me to Avenue Q night before last, then me obsessing over the cast recording, then last night's visit to the Funday Pawpet Show. Four hours have never gone faster in my life!  It was amazing to watch truly talented people work their magic through a bit of fur.  It's been a long time since I had that much fun. I think I need to talk to my scheduler so that I can arrange to have Sunday nights off. I'm already trying to switch out my shift for next Sunday (not off until 8pm). It's like heroine. I can't get enough!!!!
1	         You Are a Husky Puppy                 Sweet, affectionate, and docile. But when you see a cat or chicken, it's kill kill kill!!!          What Breed of Puppy Are You?      it even mentioned chickens!
0	hey everybody  mae already left for NC... poo\ie.  just got back from MV/cape. good time, missed home. i haven't seen everybody in like a week b/c i've been doing family stuff, and now i have one night before i go to canada until tuesday... oy. doug, andy, and adam all leave while i'm away. i'm not happy about it, but hopefully i'll catch up with them tonight even just for a short while.  the fact that i have 2 weeks left really hit me today, and it made me think. i would have done some things differently in the past, changed some things, but i would never ever change the people i have met. my friends really have turned into my second family, and it feels so good to know i have that kind of support system- and i'm always there for you guys too. i love you guys, don't change. i'm going to miss everyone so much... :(  *lauren*  "I will remember you, will you remember me? Don't let your life pass you by, weep not for the memories." -Sarah McLachlan
1	Dinner and fine acting with a good pal. Enjoyed it all. Hoping to hear some good news from him later.   "Break A Leg" DeeBee.
1	You know what I think? There should be a performance class in school. Not any one type of performance, just a class where you can perform dance and sing and act and recite and have fun. I'd love that.  Family, chocolate cake, all is well.
1	life has been strangely good lately.  Stia attento :)
1	Well, just in case you’ve been in a cave for the entire weekend, I wanted to let you all know that this past Saturday (the 12th) I proposed to Denise and we are now engaged!!! Both of us are extremely excited about the engagement, as well as those around us, and we look forward to growing with each other in the years to come!!!  I have also posted pictures at my website of the engagement night, including some cute pictures of my fiancé and I (You know, I still get a huge smile when I call her that!!!).    Link:  http://www.joelrotunda.com/pictures/    I hope everyone is having as great of a weekend as I am, because Valentine's Weekend 2005 will surely be a weekend I will always remember!
0	I had an awful dream, that when I went to the prom I was left behind. I cried my eyes out in my dream in my prom dress walking around alone. It made me sad. This sucks.    Everything sucks, all the time for me. What am I talking about? It's nothing really new. I think if I just had one thing, just one, to make me happy, then my outlook on life would change. But I know I won't get that. I'll just get another kick in the face and left to cry.   Damnit.     You'll never know.      Understand what its like to need a second chance.     Good  HAS  lost its  heart  
0	well today is sunday and i dont know what of make of today besides that i feel sad.i know why i feel sad and i know i cant do anything to change the way i feel.but it still sucks.school is so aggrevating to look at on sundays.knowing you have five days of hell to look forward too.uhhhh.this years actually too easy for me.theres no challenge.and people are so evil these days.well besides the obvious last night was pretty lame.i went to hang out with thor and everybody fo a little while,then i went to stevens house for a "kick back".it was kind of fun cause erin,mercedes,and tabitha showed up.but it was just full of the same old people....i neeeed a job to keep my mind off things!
1	This weekend sucked emotionally. yes I know stay positive, but that's the best way I know how to put it w/o being totally negative so there ya go. On the upside I'm ready to leave for college, (assuming I get in :/) I'll be at a beach, ok a totally snow covered one but you know what, there's still waves, and I love that. I can't wait! only 8 mos. till we all take off, and i'm determined to make the best of those. WE WILL HAVE FUN, whether you guys like it or not! ok well that's all for now. lata.
1	Countdowns (factoring in Dell Day for classes):  Drawing: 8 classes Aerobics: 3 classes (I can skip one) Ethics: 9 classes (I'm skipping one) and 1 final Auditing: 8 classes, 1 final VITA: 1 more tax return to finish (if the guy ever gets me his info!) Last final: 35 days Baltimore: 9 days  and the big one:   Florida: 37 days!!!!!    I do have more to post, but I'll do that later.
1	Last night I went on a real date. Jay took me to the Top of the Hub. I have never been there and the food was sooooo good. And he had requested a window table and the view was so amazing. I wish I brought my camera the pictures would have been awesome.  And when he picked me up he had a rose and a card and Barry playing in his car...so cute!!!
0	Well, I know for sure that I missed two answers on the exam this evening.  BOO HOO!  Hopefully, I got the rest of the correct.  I need to study more diligently.  Learning another language is not easy.  I need to make up some flashcards and make sure I spend at least an hour a night studying.  On the upside, we were talking before class about taking a "field trip" to Plava Laguna sometime soon.  Sounds like that might be fun.  I'll have to see if I can find them on the 'net and get more info before I go.  What's happening with everyone else?
0	I'm sad, so sad.  Again I'm a failure. Again my touch shyness is a problem. I can't help I don't like to cuddle and touch someone else's body. It terrifies me. I had bad experiences in the past.   This problem just haunts me. I really fear there's no way I can fit in in a relationship.
1	Could this be the luckiest day in the history of the world? I passed all my uni exams and units, got a new fantastic job which means i get to shove my resignation letter in Ms X's ugly, wrinkly face and i've got a tan that will improve by tomorrow's sunny weather and the fact i get to bask in the sun with my boy! Ha, and i'm watching movies with my pals tonight- buzzin!  Hope the equilibrium theory doesn't apply here- i like being happy and i'm appreciating everything i have more.  ;)
0	    So I spent most of the night taking picture that simply look like crap because I screwd something up with white balance and lighting. Dammit! Dammit!  These two are the only two I'm saving and just after heavily photoshopping them. Aw, I'm such an idiot...
0	where is our plan B?   http://www.cnn.com/2005/US/03/29/cochra n.obit/index.html 
1	   Hey Happy St. Patricks Day!!!        Well tomorrow i am leaving to go with amber to her moms house for the whole spring break! yay!&nbsp;I am so happy. Well today nothing intresting happened except someone is mad at me and i explained it to her that it wasnt true wtf. Well you no who u r when i say SORRY. Well i need to go pack for tomorrow i am leaving at 5:00 pm i'll post picks when i get back.         love yea, hilli   
1	Just in case anyone around here hasn't discovered the wonderful-ness that is CeeJay, I've got a fic rec for the day. A must read, really. :D I love it. So, without further ado, go give the author some love so I can get more ficcage. *winks*   Title:  Detained  Author:  CeeJay  Rating:  It will be NC17, but right now it's sitting at a soft PG13  Pairings/Characters:  M/K  Summary: Marcus is becoming obsessed with Katie. The last thing he ever plans to do is let her know. Katie is becoming obsessed with Marcus. Her life would be far easier if she weren't.   http://willowslilsecret.net/chasers/eFi ction1.1/viewstory.php?sid=195 
1	Gah I can't wait...  I've offically got my tickets, the concert tickets are waiting for me to arive...  And thus I have to say sorry folks, but I think I'm more excited about this than either of the conventions I'm going to this year...  *dances*
0	woke up with the taste of blood in my throat I think my lip busted in my sleep as well. I didnt feel like waking up today at all.   I dreamt I was a great inventor, and I had a beautiful wife, but not beautiful by social standards. She had quite a pretty face, she had many tattoos on her arms, had black hair and average height. In the dream we had like 7 kids and I was much older but she was quite loving and dealt with my strangness you can say.     I just feel worse now.
1	Tonight don't miss United V rangers(hailed as the battle of Britian),then for Dessert,Beckhams Body parts,all on ITV1 tonight!Yay! there is a God!
0	*sniff* cocteau twins pulled outta coachella. *sniff* theres still a whole buncha bands at the festival that i am keen on...but *sniff* i was sooooooooo set on hearing liz fraser sing....  *sniff sniff sad*
0	If you are taking depression pills and you want to lay off them, think it over.. It's not pleasant.   I don't even have the satisfaction that I'm going off all of them- just one. One's enough. Sometime ago I found a community called something like lexapro_victims, and I didn't believe it. Well, now I do.
1	This weekend was awesome; surprises and good times...
1	currently tom and our friend paul are sitting in my driveway trying to figure out how to put paul's jetta's door panel back together. it's actually slightly more complicated than that. there's is a window thingy piece that has to go back in too. it's laid out on the pavement like intestines. and i'm cooking. and randomly pulling weeds. listening to them say "no it's goes this way round." "no you've got it upside down see the red thing goes up here." "where does the window fit in all of this?" "can someone get me a flashlight?"  *sigh*  if i had thought about it, i may have sought out a handier man. but i doubt it.
1	Left home at 7:30, arrived at uni at 8:30 and had a coffee before my 9am lecture.   Lecture was interesting and helpful for upcoming assignment.  Sat around, talked to some people, organised some stuff.  Tute was about the inner and outer workings of an organisation. Too much information for my brain.  Hopped onto a tram and went to chapel st for some lunch. Bought Before Sunset, Before Sunrise dvds.   Caught a taxi home and watched a bit of last nights episode of The OC. I love Ryan's facial expressions and Seth/Summers cute comments. Marissa is just a self-involved twit.   Babysitting at 5 until God knows when.  What a great day.
1	Today is a special day, my brother joe will become a husband and hopefully soon- a father, so that'll make me uncle ed. i love joe so much and it makes me so happy to see you get what you deserve, a "loving, caring, beautiful, smart, awesome, down to earth, cool as f@#%^ wife! last night he introduced all his groomsman, and he said this is my friend from school, this is so n so, but when he got to me, he said "this is my BROTHER big ed" that made me wanna tear up so bad, cause joe i love you to death and you are infact my brother, like i said-"TODAY IS YOUR DAY, DON'T LET ANYONE SPOIL IT!" and tonight's show is in honor of your new journey we call marriage, your the best, you deserve the best, and today you get the best! i love you BROTHER JOE BROCK!
1	 It would seem no one in my office is wearing green except for me. There's a cheap almost green knock-off but it's very dissapointing.  I am the only one wearing a nice green shirt. Anyone not wearing green = suck. 
1	   9pm The WB "Reba" with special guest star Dolly Parton  (someone record it for me please, just in case I can't)
1	Come on,  Seahawks!       Later:   Oh well.  At least they made it to the playoffs.  I remember when the 'hawks suuuuuuuccccked.
1	OMG this song is so fucking awesome. It's got one of those melodies that kinda haunts you. Hahaha. Me = Cool.  I watched "Run Lola Run" again last night. That is such an amazing movie. If you have not seen it,  walk  RUN to your local video store and hit the foreign section. I would like to thank  Keegan  a million times for showing it to me the first time. &lt;333333333 End.
0	For the last 3 days I have not been able to feel any emotional change.  I have not been able to feel either highs or lows.  I was starting to worry but this morning that wall shttered and all depression began to settle in.  It came with the news I lost 1 friend and 2 are in the hospital.  They were in car wreck at approximately 11 pm list night.  An SUV broadsided them at almost 70 mph killing the driver instantly and sending both passengers to the hospital.  That explains the erie premonition I had yeasterday evening.   This situation on top of my other problem has finnally broken the wall and depression has flooded in.  I hope every1 else is doing well and I hope to talk to yall or see yall soon, but please don't hold it against me if I don't.
1	last night was crazy ;) I threw a party at my house & it was off the hook.Alot of people were there & the party was goin till 7 in the morning.Now gettin ready 2 go 2 my girl house in long valley cause she is throwin a party at her house 2night...Damn party at my house last night & now party at her house 2night...Great ASS WEEKEND 4 me :) DAMN I LOVE MY PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Incidentally,  EV Nova  is supposed to be available any day now.  I'm really looking forward to playing it as EV Override was one of my favorite games a few years back.    Cool!  The Mood field has type completion.
0	Barbara called this morning to tell us how he was doing.  He is not well at all.  To fail at saving someone--ah, that is hard.  To fail at saving two children, that had to cut him deeply, especially since his own have been lost.  I would like to visit him, but perhaps he would not want to see me now, the way Little One has been growing.  I do not wish to flaunt our good fortune in the face of his misery.  Perhaps later.  Or at least we could speak on the phone; he would not need to look at me then, and perhaps simply hearing my voice would offer some comfort.
1	Well I've been told from a certain somebody that I've been neglecting this thing....so I'm updating! Today I went to the American History Museum, the exhibits about the first ladies and the different presidencies kept me captivated (yes, I am a geek!). Then as we were leaving and heading back down the escalators at the smithsonian metro stop, who calls out my name at the bottom of the escalators? Emily Bineck! For such a large city, I happen to run into someone at the same place at the same time, its really weird when you think about it. But it was nice nonetheless. On other fronts, I've got a lot of things happening all at the same time, but I'm looking forward to going home over the long weekend and getting a verizon phone, I'm really excited about getting a phone that holds down reception and calls to most of my friends will be free! So I hope this entry will appease you Jen, have fun reading it!
1	akfhdkjrek Today was alright.  It was realyl wierd. Hard  to explain. But yeah, Nothing really of importance happened at school. well, it never really does. but I hung out with Lara, Lindsay, and Danielle after school.  They make me want to La La.  And then I went out to dinner and ate A LOT. I was proud of myself. And then I went shopping and my mom bought me a whole bunch of clothes. whoop whoop.  I'll admitt it, I'm spoiled. tehe.  okay I'm leaving.    -The stars are closer than we all think_     
1	Guess who leaves for Chicago at the crack of dawn tommorow!?!?   She looks excited doesn't she?  I need to see my best friends.  I found this picture on my camera and I DO NOT remember taking it, its cute though.    Spring is here, and it better stay. Even though I do love the winter.    I need to  be cleaning/packing because I have to leave my house in about an hour.   SHIT  I will miss you all.
1	This makes me rethink my belief in Astrology !!   1)Your goal is to develop yourself mentally and spiritually.*****  2)Your restlessness enables you to adapt to life's changing patterns.*****  3)You have to learn to differentiate between needs and wants.****  4)Benefit from the lessons offered by the current situation than expecting tomorrow to solve your problems.*****  5)Your search for new experiences can make you dissatisfied.*****  6)Your ruling planet Jupiter symbolises growth and wisdom and you can  be an excellent teacher.*****  PS: Grading:  ***** = Very Strongly Agree! ****  = Agree. ***   = Somewhat Agree. **    = Cant Say/Maybe. *     = Not Agree.
0	I don't want to think about it so what do I do? I read old e-mails from 2001. Smart Jen, real smart. If nothing else, I at least need closure. Reading the old e-mails kind of make me feel like I am to blame for what is happening right now. I hurt him so long ago and he's never gotten over it. Maybe that's not the case but I don't know how else to explain the complete turn around. I blame it on the Marine Corps, say that they are the ones that changed him, but really, maybe it was me. I don't know if we were ever really the same after the end of my senior year. I wish that I could talk to him about it, see what he has to say. He'll be home in December. That's too far away to try to hold onto this if he doesn't plan on talking to me at all. I could probably write a lot more but I suddenly feel like I need to stop, I need to go do something else. I want to get out of here....
1	I ranked up in HC's system! It took long enough. &gt;.&gt;
1	hello!!!!!  today i totally fucked up my music exam, it was so funny, sang good charrlotte all the way through chemistry and that's about it, some other stuff happend aswell but i'm not going to stick my nose in. ONLY HALF A DAY LEFT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)  bye all
1	Welp, I am finally leaving Louisiana. I'm moving next Saturday, the 9th. I will be in Waco, Texas taking game designing and programming. I should be getting a cell phone before leaving so i will post my number later if anyone wants to call me. I will really miss all you guys, bye!
0	hey yall! Well this week has been a really tough one for me! Wes was gone and my mommy was too! I havent talked to either of them today but just knowing that they  are both supposed to come home today makes everything alot better for me! I have cried for the past 4 nights in a row so that is no fun, but i am over it, maybe! I dont know, but oh well, life goes on...right? well i am just here to say that i am thankful for my mom and wesley because they make my life so much happier than it would be without them! I am ready to see them RIGHT NOW! but oh well, i will just have to wait! I better go now, bye bye xoxo
1	   HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BESTEST SISTER IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!      hope you have an awesome day!&nbsp; talk to you later! love you oooooodles! :) 
1	Hmmm habang nagtatype ako eh hinuhulaan ko kung anong makikita ko sa main page nito... Para akong nagbubukas ng regalo na natanggap ko nung Pasko na Sony PSP ang laman(hahaha wish ko lang). Si       menismastah    kasi gumawa ng design nito kasi wala pa akong alam sa LJ ahehehehe. Pero ngayon palang nakikita ko na yung usericon... Ang LUFET! Hehehe si MenisMastah ba naman. Pwede din na Webpagemastah, honga ano. Bakit hindi nalang ganun? Galing mo kuya! You're the Womanizer!!!! =p~ Thank Youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!     WELCOME ME!!!  
0	So today I found out that they almost killed my cousin. I was like wat the heck?!?!?!?!...stupid ass guy...being all dumb tryin to kill my cousin because he lost her..wat the heck? and now she's all freaken scared going outside even doh she doesn't show it...damn that freaken sux...damn imagine if he did...heck no...I don't even want to think that..I do not want to lose somebody that I love again..that's too painful...I don't want to go thru that sadness depression and all that noooo I can't...and my other cousin is so freaken lucky she's ok from the car accident...finally her liver stop bleeding...man this sux...two of my cousin are hurt and they tell me later...wat the heck.ahhh..I glad they are alive...damn it just sux thinkin that they wouldn't be in my life anymore...well yea..
1	i beat my elmo guy, that handicapped midget on steroids.  yea today was ok but tiring had practice this morn... and i have so much hw to do its not even funny. well got to get some shut eye, talk...to...ya'll...later
1	commericial time at the oscars... there are some pretty crazy outfits there! just wanted to say a quick hello and what should i wear tomorrow?? anyone got any ideas? def. call me if you do... ninz had so much fun today- GoInG sHoPpInG bAbI, LOL JAPS!     xoxo  omigod HOW HOT IS JOHNNY DEPP??? AHHHHH!!
0	Oh man. I heart my new User Icon. Special thanks to Jordo C. for taking  the picture.  Well... Morgan's party wasn't the best. Spin the bottle got old and  making out in the chair didn't really work out. Hey at least I didn't  get exzima this time...            I'm tired of the virtue of patience       I'm sick of your spontaneous actions       I'm pissed at your avoiding requiem       The thought of independence seems so welcoming       But why do I still love you?       Why do I hang on to thread that hangs so losely     Why don't I just snip the bond forever     Why?  
1	Thats right. The first party of the new year yay! that's all ~Jes~
1	Hello, I just won an ebay auction for a sealed copy of othello for nes for $5.50 plus $7.05 shipping ($12.55 total).&nbsp; This will be my first sealed nes game.&nbsp; Was surprised it went so low, must be VERY common, or people just don't care about it.&nbsp; I'm going to leave it sealed since I got another lot with the game loose.&nbsp; Its just nice to me to have at leased one sealed game, even if it is really common and its not a big name game.   http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?Vi ewItem&item=8176871533 
1	GARRETTS HOME!!!!! i love him soooo much and i'm so excited that he's home!
0	Down we go Into the fire Burning the ground so very slow  Down we go Filthy unfed liar Trusting what we are, believing what we know  Down we go Inspiration drawn from a funeral pyre Our ashes our all our fear our foe  Down we go Thirteenth hour we tire Kings of pain innovators of ego  Down we go Tears wept that never get dryer Trees wither hate grows  Down we go Anger rage and ire We can't fight we'll never stop the show  Down we go Knee deep in hopeless mire Shadows cast across our hearts when we want them to glow  Down we go Paying homage to our dead empire Bound in our winter without snow Following our routine until we expire The weight on our shoulders keeping us all so low The deck against each one of us is stacked Give in, roll the credits, fade to black
1	There's no weekend in recent memory that has left me feeling so... well, satisfied.  I don't need to fight my way into the lives of the people that are truly important to me.  It's not how the world is.  Nothing related to us as people really makes much sense, anyway.  But sometimes you love something so much you can't just let it go.  You have to throw it away.
0	Ah, nothing like watching Pilot's to American Sitcoms and Five is getting good at it. Tonight was the first episode of "Two and a Half Men" with  Charlie Sheen  and  jon Crye  r  (both from  Hot Shots  :o). Pretty good in my opinion!
0	Got my eyes checked out today.  I'm much more nearsighted than I was last year so I have to do biofeedback and get glasses so my eyes don't have to focus close up, and that should stop it from coming back.
0	 I had a bad day.     My&nbsp;throat hurts I really&nbsp;better&nbsp;not getting sick again since it's just about to be april vacation in 3 days. But with my luck I probably am "sighs"     I wish I could write something to explain how sad I am and&nbsp;about what happens&nbsp;and just how...life is. For some reason...I just can't. I can't write about the people that hurt me and all of that "shrugs"     If you were here I'd never have a fear. So go on and live your life.  
1	WOW life is good so far and i cant see my self in a new town or new friends i love it hear but wouldn't mind moving to a different town or even a new country well how knows maybe ill move to Berlin or France and start a new life but not any time now like in the future or some thing and to all my friends i love all of you guys and not talking about the Internet friends
1	Lots of hugs and birthday wishes go to       taldragon   . I hope it far outdoes your greatest expectations...  ...and I'll see you Thursday :-)
0	yeah well i thought our dance was gunna be so much fun!!!....yea well it wasnt....IT WAS HELL!!!!!!! damn, well lets see me and kevin broke up, and yeah tht didnt go over to well, then yeah alot of PEOPLE were bein two faced and doin shi just to piss me off and i have like 100 ppl mad at me becuz i danced w/ Jordan!! wut he hell me and Jordan are jus friends nuhin more nuthin less thts all!!!! yeah well i have to go but ill update later!! loads of i dont no today!                      *.::Jess::.*
0	I am out of course for unarmed combat. Just heard frm Vivienna her father has wind up his photography business & studio.......
1	Well.  The Yorkton trip was a success.  It was actually more than a success.  My goal was to buy 2 pairs of pants and one pink top.  I bought 2 pairs of pants, 3 pink tops, and one pair of black loafers (plus other miscellaneous stuff).  It was good, and it was fun!  And I've basically doubled my work wardrobe!
1	I'm feeling very cute today, so I took some pictures. Plus, I hadn't taken any snaps of my cool new hair color from over vacation.  So, here.  For your veiwing pleasure, my cuteness.  haha           
0	 Death in the family has just taken place. our two little birds we had died. my mom forgot to bring them inside n the weather was a killer today. i'm sad inside now...althought i never liked them cause they never let me sleep, i'm gonna miss them.For some reason, i don't feel so good right now. my entire body hurts n i almost threw up earlier. i'm seriously considering going to school for about an hour n come back home to take a power nap for before the game tomorrow. i went to bed around 3 last night n got up at 8. it freaking sucks! earlier today, i was asked if i lost weight. i'm so trying to gain some more, but i don't seem to be able. i gtg for now, i have to do my hair. ugh!! sometimes i wish i could like get a hair transplant or something. well really thinking about transplants, they r not that bad as long as they make a person happy. that's just my opinion.  
1	ok so this happend yesterday not today but it's kinda funny. everyday that iam in the art room at my school i get a cup of m&ms because my art teacher has a whole huge bag of them in the back room. well my friend greg was wondering where i kept getting the m&ms from, so he kept saying tell me where you got the m&ms from! i wouldn't tell him so he kept acuseing my teo friends of having them, then he accused me of having them. so then he went around theart room asking people then he went around the school asking the teachers if i got the m&ms from them then he came back to the art room, and siad i know you have the m&ms so he grabbed my bookbag and started going through it, i was laughing so hard i started choking on an m&m, so i ran to the water fountain but i couldn't get a drink from it cause i was still laughing. That was probably the funnest day of my life lol!!!
0	I felt like someone punched me in the stomach when I read this:   Hunter S. Thompson Dead At 67   Tomorrow's going to be a horrible fucking day.
1	Senior Night   Tommorow Night  7 P.M  vs. Oak Ridge  Winter Park High School Gym   Be there!
0	Elven Wizard.- Randomly generated  2 blessed ? of enchant armor 1 blessed ? of genocide + of Force Bolt  and ID 2 ! of Holy Water Blessed ! of Full Healing = of Slow Digestion and Regeneration / of Death (0:8) Magic Marker (0:98)  Turns 1-5: Quaff (20 HP makes a difference at lv1), Read (+5 CoMR is good stuff), Put On (A wonderful combo for the beginning wiz). Turn 11 - Find and kick chest  Die from a poisoned needle.  DYWYPI?   *sob*
0	I wonder, who am I, who do people think I am, who do they see me as, who should I be, who will I be, who do I want to be. So many different me's.
1	"You just reach into the mouth there and rip the head open, see, and there are the brains! Right there in front of you!"  This job is going to be so  awesome .
1	Limited Time Only !!!  Special short story on Susan Sizemore's page, only up till Jan 2 ---   http://www.susansizemore.com/   purrryip!!!
1	this song has a lot of great suggestions of where to have sex.  of course, outdoors is the most obvious.  hm.  the woods around here are pretty deserted... XD  im doing really well in my summer courses.  i still thinks school is stupid but i dont want to be a know-nothing ghetto freak all my life.  im still not sure what i do wanna do, but, having sex for money isn't my thing anymore.  im actually pretty happy, i cant wait to tell na all about it!
0	how do you remain friends with someone who tried to commit suicide? (and actually succeeded until the doctors brought her back to life in the ER)  is it possible to 'get on with your life' after that? is it possible that i can trust her again? ... its been bad shit since thanksgiving, this holiday season is pathetic   "wake from your sleep, and dry all your tears today, we escape we escape......  pack and get dressed, before your father hears us before, all hell.... breaks loose  breathe, keep breathing dont lose, your nerve  breathe, keep breathing i cant do this alone...."
1	    Anyone who loves the Labyrinth needs to go to the Ball of Jareth with me this summer!  I LOVE the Labyrinth, and I can't believe I never knew about this annual ball they have.  I already bought a pattern to make my dress, I am WAY exited!   http://www.labyrinthmasquerade.com/inde x.html   
1	 Have you seen the pics from  HP4 ? Just saw them and wanted to post. It's really time for Rupert to cut his hair though. I don't mind long hair, but he's starting to look like a girl.    When does the movie come out???? I'm already dancing around waiting on the book! Ugh, I'm not patient!    &nbsp; 
0	  Billy Idol!      What punk are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla      ---------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------       ---------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- 
0	 Today is the worst day.     I really want this day to end. This is the last class. I want to go home and listen to music "sighs"    I just remembered the Green Day concert is next month.     And I still haven't been able to sleep much.     This all happend really quickly. "coughs" "sigh"     It says home is where your heart is but what a shame 'cause everyone's heart doesn't beat the same it's beating out of time.  
1	tomorrow is secretary!!!   YESSSSSSSSSS!  today was...weird...and stuff....at school anyway.  tonight was good though.  real good.   &lt;3, tabs
0	I decided not to go to school this summer. More later.  For those of you around Greensboro: you better entertain me when I inevitably need human interaction.  For those of you around Jacksonville: I’m sure you don’t care anyway.
1	We've made it safe and sound. Now for much connage! :D
1	I am quite madly in love with my wife.  That is all.
1	A prayer for today.   Our Father, who art in Millennium,  Henson by thy name,  Thy grand slam come,  Tries will be done, by Jones, Peel and Willaims,  Give us this day our bread of heaven,  And forgive us our offside, as we ruck those trespass against us,  And lead us not into bad discipline,  But deliver us from Ireland,  For Wales is the Kingdom, The Dragon, and the Daffodil, forever and ever  ..AMEN!
0	You: broken_cry_15, charmless_man23, cyanidedawn erudition_, kaiya_sky, ladyteal, mandajoy33, notofyourbreed, oneoddmuffin, orochimarusan, raefious, songwriter550, superstarxatta, teknopathetic  have been removed from my list because  A: You did not post when I asked for people to post B: I just don't like you  If you wish to be re-added, please post here and give me a good reason why I should add you.
1	         Your Inner European is Spanish!                     Energetic and lively.   You bring the party with you!         Who's Your Inner European?      :) Yay  Real entry to follow.. i have a feeling it will be a friends only entry
0	Finally watched ELF. I rented it from Blockbuster almost 2 weeks ago. The movie was cute but I'm not sure Will Ferrell is going to be worth the late fees. I suck at returning movies on a timely basis.    Every Christmas movie is making me cry like a weepy baby. I like fake TV Christmas so much better than real life Christmas.
1	 Ok well the new Tori album arrived today, yay for Tori.  It's really good, as we've come to expect.  I may post a more in depth review when I've listened to it a few times.  In addition to the new Tori album a bunch of stuff I've had on pre-order all arrived today, that being:  Hero Sky Captain Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex vol.2 Neon Genesis Evangelion: Platinum Edition Vol.1  So, that's me set for a good long while. 
0	Sometimes I wish I was religious. I wish I believed in God and had some false hope that it will all work out and that everything happens for a reason. I don't get why certain things happen. There's nothing to pray to or rely on.
0	If you know me, you know who I'm talking about. I really just wish it wasn't so hard to get over.  I feel like I'm the only one dealing with it still sometimes.  So, if you read this and you're still dealing like I am...just leave me a reply...it would make me feel a little bit better.  I miss Sarah like crazy...if you all only knew.
1	Woohoo! Vacation starts today, and doesn't end til the 27th!  Today promises to be a busy day getting everything taken care of for going out of town -- taking care of the Cat, Christmas Tree, and I wanna get my oil changed and alignment checked before we drive down...   Need to make a map too, that might help us get there.  I'll be heading down to Florida to visit Dad tomorrow, and be there through monday or tuesday I think?    Then it's back to finish Christmas shopping, and enjoying the rest of my vacation with Katie and my family.  Which reminds me, I need to get these Christmas cards in the mail! -- Boo for having to go buy stamps.  WooHoo!
1	Last night i had a long chat with Chrissie, and i think things are sorting themselves out now. I'm just glad we are still good mates, and i'll still be here for you. College was so damn boring today, i really hate it now, but i gotta do the work set for tonight, so a quick update. Apart from college, at lunchtime a bunch of girls from the high school came over to sort out the winter ball thing (the 2 schools Upper 6th meet up) so i think i'll be going to that in a couple of weeks. Also, Amy was there! To my surprise coz i didn't even think she was at the high school.  So, we went out for a quick coffee and a chat and that was fun.  Apparantly there is a party this week, so i'm gonna invite myself to that :) It's uniforms dress-up, should be interesting :D  Right. Work. Bye bye.
1	Bryan took me climbing today. Just the two of us. It was difficult. My first route was too frustrating that I couldn't even mount it, so I gave up. Bryan climbed it. Then we went to another location that looked promising, but it was completely infested w/ ants and part of the climb was wet. Bryan was getting bit by ants and couldn't hold on to make it to the top. So we went back to our original spot, hooked into some other bolts, and I was able to climb that one. It was very beautiful out today. My fingers are raw, and my knee hurts because I banged it pretty good, and i'm tired, but it all feels strangely good.  Contra dancing tonight. I better drink some salt water to get my electrolytes back up to normal or I will be in serious trouble.  Off to make spelt bagls and some din din.
1	Finally plucked up the courage to bid for something on eBay; a Mr Pie glove puppet which I failed to get.  Then I was outbid on a Paul Darrow book before winning a Ladybird one.  Set up a Paypal account which seems to work.  Also current highest bidder on a magic trick, ooh I could crush a testi.
0	i didnt pass :0( i was in the wrong lane 4 a roundabout. well i was in the wrong lane for the test. it would have been ok if i had already passed. if you get my meaning. and whats more annoying is that its fucking ages till i can do it again!!!! i am having such a bad fucking week!!!
0	        Just thought I'd share one of my old baseball pics with  you............if only I hadn't blown out my arm back in the day!&nbsp;  then just maybe, I would have gone pro!&nbsp; :(      -Andy 
1	You can find the article  here.   I love how history just keeps changing.    It should remind us that we can never know the absolute truth about the past....
1	I went back to work today.  It really wasn't all that fun, I got to drill stuff and saw stuff.  Tomorrow there's gonna be a surprise party for my advisor because she was chosen as journalism teacher of the year or something like that so I'm gonna go and get free cake :) That's it for now! Andy Roddick goes up against Lleyton Hewitt in the Australian Open semifinals!!! Good Luck Andy!
1	Last night Jared and I watched The Notebook.  WOWWWW, what a fantastic movie.  I was annoyed at the slight changes they made from the book, but that's just the North Carolinian in me. (The book takes place in NC with actual NC cities/towns and the movie changed it to some random crap)  But after the movie was over, Jared and I just sat there watching the credits roll by.  We weren't talking or looking at each other because we were both crying.  He called me over to him.  He said "I love you so much" and we just lay there holding each other tightly, sobbing.  It was a beautiful moment.  :)  Then we did it.   Anyway, I would highly recommend that movie.  It makes you want to have the kind of love that they have, and for me, it made me grateful that I do.  So go watch it.  Now.
1	I'm making lots of progress with writing Song, the only poem in the book Bring I'm excited!
1	so today we're in the middle of the woods and the sun is amazing on the tips of the hair sleeping on our heads and i ask him (quite silly) what we'd do if we got pregnant and he said we'd trade the baby every two years and he was joking most likely but i stopped listening at that halfmiligramsecond and looked at him and realized i didnt feel anything at all and that is just how woods and sun make me swell.
0	bitching comense....      hey everyone, its been a while, ive been busy with my new job, everyday after school till 700 and i dont get home till 730 so is halloween suppose to be a depressing holiday,cuz for me it is this year. All my friends are going to colleens halloween  party w/ their girlfriends in themed costumes and what not and i have no ideas of what to do, mayb i wont dress up, but this is just another reminder that im alone alllllllll alone and it will be that way forever, or at least thats the way it seems, its hard  to be optomistic in my situation,  if anyone actually wasted their time on that im very sorry if i could id give you your 30secs back or for some people 5mins  (we are not all gifted lol)         bitching ceased,  &lt;3Jason&lt;3                "a beautiful baby blue sky thats looking up at you, now watch it fade away"
0	May the Pope rest in peace after a Long Journey  Dome   (with a tear in his eye)
0	Son of a bitch...  http://news.scotsman.com/entertainm ent.cfm?id=340822005   http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0, ,2-1548627,00.html   So yeah.   Well, at least from what I can gather we're going to get the 13 episodes plus the Christmas special before Christopher is replaced. But we'll be on the 10th Doctor by the second series. Anyone have an opinion on the new guy they're talking about? I've never heard of him.
0	ok...so to all of you who read this and to the few of you that care.  i am leaving this state as of april 22, 2005.  i will be in alabama living with friends.  so if i dont get to hang out with everyone at least one more time, im sorry...and i'll be back in a few months or so...drink some jag for me...later                                                    jasper  ps...happy birthday to me
1	I finally found my camera. I misplaced it on Valentine's Day. Actually, I placed it very carefully in a box with my martini shaker that I brought to       miss_zephirus   ' house before club.   There's some pics of Sabbat I'll post later. These are for people asking for hair color pics.     I took this pic without a flash. It doesn't look this red but I think this is what it'll probably fade to. I like it.   
1	Man oh man, am I happy. I dunno if I ever mentioned it here, but I’m going to Japan on Sept. 5th. Yup, that’s right, Joe Nakamura is going back to the motherland. The plan is I’m going to meet my best friend, Alex, in Tokyo, but he had never gotten back to me about the details, but tonight he emailed with an itinerary. This whole time, as I’ve been getting my ticket, buy my rail pass, purchasing my hiking gear, I had no idea what my best friend’s plan was. The places I plan to visit are Osaka, then Fukuoka, Kagoshima, and Toyama. I have no idea where those places are, so don’t bother asking. Man, do I feel so much better now that I now what the hell I am doing.
1	Frazzled here - midterms in ceramics tomorrow (glaze kiln is opened tomorrow and I have a bunch of stuff in it, including some re-glazes - cross your fingers for me), in-laws and both Atlanta nephews and Erin this weekend (8 people in the house!), and a major test in History of Photography on Tuesday - which I haven't read or studied for yet... and we leave the next Thursday evening for Gulf Wars... Lorelei has no clothes, I have to make her some before we leave...  AAAAARGH!
0	Would anyone like to go to the Belle Isle aquarium with me on March 26th?  (It's a Saturday... I think they close at 4pm.)  It's inconceivable to me that they would close the Aquarium.  (Hell, I miss the Zoo, too.)  Up until this point, I didn't  really  believe it would happen... But if it does, I'd really like to go one last time.  I have so many good memories there.  EDIT:  HOLY FRICKING CRAP, WHAT THE SHIT IS THIS??   Are you kidding me??  This includes the high schools that my Mom and Dad went to... Plus, Alex is at ND right now.  I refuse to believe this.  Does this mean Alex won't be able to graduate from Notre Dame?  And Eric, of course, won't be able to go at all...  Why is everything closing??
1	So here's my plans. Spend the weekend at Tanner's house and relax and have fun. Somewhere in there I'll get my French and Survey homework done. I hope.  Also. I got two pertty CDs in the mail today. Faye Wong- The Best of Faye Wong Cherry Filter- Vol 3- The third Eye  This brings my total of Foreign CDs to a grant total of . I have so far.... Do As Infinity- New Worlds  Do As Infinity- True Song  Do As Infinity- Gates of Heaven  Chihiro Onitsuka- This Armor Chihiro Onitsuka- Sugar High FLCL Ost 1- Addict .hack//sign Extra Ost Yoko Kanno- Future Blues (2 disc set) Faye Wong- The Best of Faye Wong Cherry Filter- Vol 3- The Third Eye  Yay for foriegn CDs! The ones I got have really cool packaging. Cherry Filter has this nice frosted affect and Faye Wong is nice and carboard-y. Yay for cpop and krock.  I'm debating over what do buy next. On the top of my list is Do As Infinity's Need Your Love, Do As Infinity's Deep Forest, and Mika Nakashima's Music.
1	its finnaly spring break chris doborwitz spent the weekend we had some fun with my new webcam lol ....................... went to see the ring two with some people then  chris me and mike hungout all weeekned  lol  * smigght me all mighty smiter ***** (chris)  I love violeeta more then anythin and o yah  i love corrine and kendall two chris and me had some  techila * magratias  lol with dominos pizza pretty good
1	Well this weekend was grand. On Friday I just worked... it was ok but sucked, but on saturday I worked then went and bought a car (or started to) went out with Amanda for a bit, at the phoenix place met up with Thomas, Brad and Tyson and the rest of the gang, then we did two jolt runs, and went to deny's.. was a fun night, but really can't describe how uber cool it was. Sunday.. I woke up early kinda but went to the store to get food for our super bowl party, but half way through the super bowl we stopped watching and just played ddr and advanced wars 2. so now im here typing.. was a great weekend compared to the last few this month!
0	Don't know why, but I've been in a funk all day.  Could be the general lack of good nutrition causing a chemical imbalance in my brain, could be something else-I don't know.   But it's starting to piss me off.  Need to find something fun to do.  Went and saw a free screening of a student film about Jedis.  Pretty crappy.  Even sprung for a slice of pizza at Frank's... ...still no good.   Oh well.  I'll figure out something to do.  Maybe sit in the dark and play around on my computer.  Yes.  I'll do that. Good night. -Rob
1	       You scored as  Raven Fairy . You are the fallen angel of fairies.  You look at evil not as a terrible thing, but a necessity for spiritual balance in this world.  You are very confident about who you are, and you tend to be rebellious.       Raven Fairy             61%       Twilight Mistress Fairy             54%       Autumn Fairy             54%       Snow Fairy             52%       Goddess of the Golden Dawn             50%       Rose Thorn Fairy             50%       Ethereal Priestess Fairy             48%       Druid Fairy             44%       Pixie             31%        Which Firefly-Path Fairy are you?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	hunter s. thompson is dead.  he killed himself.  holy crap.  i am so not okay with that.  i think i need to go pour out a forty in front of circus-circus.
0	omg georgia sent me this email and it made me cry :( it was about suicide and stuff. it was really sad. holy shit..
1	Hiya! I'm new to this community. I simply adore Catherine Willows! She is my fav CSI. I'm glad she got her own group. :) Well... that's all I got to say. Bye
0	   One  night  I went out, I just wanted to lay and look at the  stars  with you. I asked you to come with me, you said you were too tired, seemed kind of careless. I wanted you, to see them too.  Why did I let myself need you?        Tell Me Why?   
1	ok well today i woke up and watched tv and I LOVE THE 90's WAS ON!! i was so pumped so i watched that for two hours and then i did some other stuff and then will came and picked me up and we went to go see king arthur...wicked good movie..."lets drink till we can't pee straight!...but you never can pee straight" haha that guy rocked...and we just loved king arthurs ricky martin outfit haha o  man...the lady in front of us had this random salt shaker she just whipped out for her popcorn...weiirdd... but then i came home and ate and hadta rush to practice and we took team photos and all that good stuff and it was a pretty intense practice but hey its all good last practice might as well make it worth while right?...we have a team party tomorrow =o) wicked pumped but im leaving early for our last summer league game...then thursday its time to go down south =oD...we got our schedule today pretty excited =o)...well im gonna go watch i love 1993 since i missed 92' damn...byee  *manda
0	i talked to the old lady's insurance company today. They won't be sending out anyone to look at the car until they get a police report, which they told me to pick up & fax to them. They better reimburse me for it, i think it costs $10-15 for it.  Also I won't be able to get it for 10 working days, so if everything goes well after I get it the earliest I'll be getting my car back is 3 weeks.  Now I know I definatly won't be home for Thanksgiving. fucking wonderful.
1	today i had my second interview at starbucks. and i got the job. i'm really happy that i got it. i'm putting in my two weeks at hot topic tomorrow.
1	      You scored as  Rainbow . You are constantly happy and optimistic. You get the fun outta everything. You are always laughing and giggling and joking around.       Rainbow             90%       Clear Skies             25%       Rain             20%       Storm             10%       Wind             5%        What type of weather is most like your emotions?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	I hate the mail. I went to check it today and I saw a box and totally did my trademark "Dance of teh Uber Happiness" (outside in front of my mailbox) because I thought it was my FMA DVD. But it wasn't. It was a free sample of Huggies. (We get all of this baby related stuff: coupons, magazines, and now free samples because the woman who lived here before us had a little baby.)  Stupid, stupid mail. And phooey on NBC for not having Las Vegas on for two weeks a in a row. And phooey on ABC for no new Lost tonight.
0	Will just told me that his work is sending him to either Canada or INDIA!!!  *cries and cries and cries*
1	-Eee, I met Hikki today! *glomps* She came up to my school when we finished. &lt;3  -I watched a really sad movie in Chinese and cried all the way through. Me? Sensitive? Wimpy? Nevah! *sniffs* How could you think that? *sob*  -One more day of school, a half day of assembly, and then we're out! Wheeee!  -Saturday, I'm going to Phuket!  -I /will/ be back on the Dove. Sometime. Soon. Hopefully. After I get back from Phuket.   And now, off I go to do my Science lab report.  Blessing and Love, SA
0	Today I found out that unfortunately a few of the animals that underwent surgery did not make it. After discussion with my thesis advisor the strong effects of the anesthesia seem to be the most likely candidate. In order to make sure that this is kept to a minimum we will keep a closer watch on the effects of the anesthetic and lower the dosage to make sure that the rapid central nervous system depression does not prove fatal.  One redeeming fact is that being that the anesthesia is the likely cause the death of these poor critters was not painful in the least. Additionally thesis work has gotten me stressed beyond belief. Not only do I have to worry about my thesis project, but two other independent research projects, a philosophy paper, and a power point presentation. I hope things work out a bit better; I hope to be able to get more on top of things
0	OMG if i knew it was gonna end up liek this then i wouldnt have ever said nething...... 
1	Even though it happened yesterday.  Tickets for the Fall leg of the "Vertigo" 2005 tour went on sale yesterday, and I woke my lazy ass up yesterday to attempt to purchase them...and I did :).  Yep, I'm going to see U2 on October 17th!  w00t!  If anyone is interested in going with me, IM me and we'll talk details.  Just thought I'd update you all.  I'll be having 4 days off this week from both school and work (before I start a hellish series of working days), in which time I need to go to the doctor's office, get my car inspected, and hopefully chillax a bit.  I'll be open to any suggestions of hang-out activities, if anyone wants to do something.
1	i went to the mall with samanther todays. i got pinstripe pants ! i'm so excitedddd! i also got a book and a tanktop and a belt. wootwoot. i love shopping &lt;3 i met her parents too. they're so cool =D SHOONDEEEEEN lmao so much fun!
1	 Feeling spring somewhere in the air!!!!    Just back from the cinema. Seen "Hitch". Nice and very funny&nbsp;movie =) 
0	sucks you can never say anything like that about me, i honestly feel i mean nothing to you, you never say anything nice about me and this just adds to how hurt i was the other night when u s aid ud find someone else and treat them 20X better than u treated me...i must mean nothing
1	decided, since i quit my job, i'm ready for change.
1	No one should ever let me inside Sonic Boom ever again. Especially during "import singles blowout!" week. Why? Because ultimately, I ended up getting this:    (vinyl- the MOST impractical thing ever, but I still love it).    And this:     Which is bad news, because I always end up acting strange when I'm on a Spoon binge.   And these:     All in all, $50 dollars worth of CDs and singles (which for some strange reason I can't resist), and that was with my dad hovering over me and groaning over every Saint Etienne and Radio 4 single I picked up and saying "you don't really NEED this, do you?" I'm just proud of myself, I was able to restrain myself from buying a RIDICULOUSLY overpriced Earlies single (even though I love the Earlies to death).   But it all worked out in the end. Because now I have a the Shins covering the Postal Service. Which is love times 888,864,990.
1	An interesting thing that I currently had running through my mind...two of my friends are dating and such...and I have had a crush on this the girl of the relationship for over 4 years, always the shy one RL like and such.     So tonight, I was debating on tellnig her, as she is coming over, well, I will at least tell you guys if I did or not, and if I did, how she reacted.  As for my life, it is going pretty good, my job has gotten easier, and I got two raises in the last three months, so I can see myself going up there.
1	Woo hoo! I might actually get a journal entry in. I've been back from Frosh Camp for a few days but first I was sleeping and then the computer decided to fuck up. Anyway, this might be my last entry because I don't know how easily I'll be able to get to a computer once I start college. Hopefully pretty easy. I leave early tomorrow morning. I'll miss all of yall! Maybe. :-) Love yall!
0	   So, I'm bored.&nbsp; I did all my Curent Events and they're due on Monday.&nbsp; Zach's still sick so I can't see him today. :(        Colin Anderson pisses me off.&nbsp; He needs to go away.&nbsp; I'm gonna smack him next time he says shit to me or Jenny.        Fuck Spirit Week.&nbsp; I haven't dressed up for any of them accept worn shit of other people's.&nbsp; Tomorrow I'll wear Edina shit though...&nbsp; Well, maybe not clothes but like, green stuff...&nbsp; Someone has to have green hair spray tomorrow.&nbsp; Who ever does is spraying my hair.        I want to go to the football game so bad but Zach won't go...&nbsp; I'm going for sure I just REALLY want him to go.&nbsp; Ugh.&nbsp; He's not going to.&nbsp; Maybe if Krista convinces Jordan, then Jordan will convince Zach.&nbsp; MEH.&nbsp; I love him but I really wish he'd so more stuff that I want to do.&nbsp; ZACH IF YOU'RE READING THIS:&nbsp; Please come with me!   
1	I noticed I hadn't updated this diary for ages and thought it was about time.  On sunday night I went with steve, paul and his friends to see Mastodon, Hatebreed, Slayer and Slipknot, the gig wasn't too bad but it is far from the best gig, the secc always gets too hot and humid, you can hardly breathe also there wasn't much crowd activity, they would move now and again but apart from that they all just stood still.  I went shopping with mum today and got a new coat, a pair of jeans and for an early xmas pressie I got a pair of new rock boots, I tried quite a few pairs on before I found the ones that I bought, they are soo comfy, I love them :o)  Me, steve and paul are going to see 36 crazyfists on thursday, and then me and steve have a few gigs coming up after that too :o)
1	haven't  updated in a while have had a crazy week don't remember last saturday sunday i went spelunking that was fun monday tuesday wednesday i don't know what happened to them today is thursday and i have a lot of work to do but i am going to biennial tomorrow which excites me greatly my part of the room is a mess i probable won't do everything i should but i will prbably have a nice evening i think my roommate is kicking me out for a bit hmmmm i am getting sushi tonight though which could be excellent and for chanukkah i get to see elianna yeay i am happy i think that will be my emotion fabulous that is all i will update later  oh my questions of the day for you to reply to: What were your views on God as a child and how did they develop? What was the biggest infulence of these views?
1	I have worked a lot, which can be a bit boring at times, but my coworkers are very nice people :) I have a feeling that I hsould have done more revision and Christmas shopping by now though! Did you know that Santa shops in Ann Summers? I saw him in Exeter go in there, twas most shocking.   Also... Since my last entry I have seen Mr Botham on various occassions here and there, which have all been really lovely experiences :) Went to the arcade on one occassion and I actually did fairly well! Craig gave me a flashing nose on Wednesday, but the bulb seemed to have  broken in my pocket on the way home :( This morning we played Cluedo, and I hadn't played it in ages! Was rather less challenging than I remember though.  On Friday... I went to Drayner's birthday party and met various friends of his, as well as singing and dancing with older ones :)  Today... Craig reminded me that I hadn't updated my journal, so here it is, especially for you Craig :D
1	Hi everyone. As many of you may know, I dropped my cell phone in a toilet in a drunken stupor this weekend while I was in New York. The good news is that I got a new phone just now but the bad news is that I have lost all of my numbers (and my Ashlee Simpson Pieces of me ringtone as well). So if you could please IM me your number to theatal or email it to me at ncsatal@aol.com that would be amazing. Thanks so much. Take it easy.        ILYNS WHOM I HAVE NOT SEEN IN YEARS     
0	Hey!!! I got my prom dress today.  Its cute.  It's pink and it has white flowers on it.  It's pretty cute.  I didn't really wanna go.  Oh well.  I have decided if Derek doesn't give me at least half of the price before I get the tickets I am going alone.  It'll funner going alone anyway.    Well, I am gonna go to bed so I'll see ya'll later.
1	I probably won't be online tonight because my dad has to finish end of the month reports.  If you want to talk to me, just call my cell phone.  I may get a chance to scan stuff in, but thats about it.
1	its been a great weekend i spent oodles of time with the 5k, i didnt work on my gov essay (cuz im done)&lt;---that was for u elise oh yeah- i got into college (Fordham, my #1)!! now the real Sr. year can start....i trade AP gov next semester for gym....sweeeeeeettt...  ok, i have to go do the sole hw assignment of the weekend, then soccer...      Merry Christmas everyone!! break in 2 days!!   ps- let me know any plans for new years...   comment
1	In case you were uncertain of what you were doing for Friday, I am here to inform you.  My roomie's band, The Making, is having another show.  This Friday, at the College Perk, and they go on stage at 8:13pm.  If you were there last time, you know how incredible they are.  If not, you don't know what you have missed and must be there.  Either way, you must attend if you are not going to be dead at the time.  Also, there will be partying at mt apartment afterwards.  Dun will be had by all.  See you there.  I'm going to go to sleep now.   - Dreamer
0	Does anyone know what I did to deserve the treatment that has been set upon me.? In someway, no matter how I think about it, everyone hates me. I don't know why either. They say they are my friends and then they stab me in the back.*cries*  I feel like shit and all anyone has to say is...you treated him badly, go away, and I don't want to talk to you. I feel so used by the people who say they love me. I guess I should just crawl in a hole and die. No one would care. Especially not the one who matters the most to me. At least I thought they did.
1	In Scandinavia, the Norse celebrated Yule from December 21, the winter solstice, through January. In recognition of the return of the sun, fathers and sons would bring home large logs, which they would set on fire. The people would feast until the log burned out, which could take as many as 12 days. The Norse believed that each spark from the fire represented a new pig or calf that would be born during the coming year.  Further proof that Vikings knew how to party like it was 1034!  Merry christmas, happy hannukah and all those other ones like Kwanza can have fun too if they please.
1	Hooray Swancon!  No energy for coherence but hoorah for Swancon, the funnest and bestest con in the whole darn world!  I am filled with love for fans.
1	Well well well. Today wasn't too bad, afterall.  School was the usual stuff. I'm really enjoying the Vivaldi, it's fun stuff.  I didn't end up going to the viewing with my pops, it turned out to be too much driving, so he went without me, and I went to rehearsals. I didn't even need to be at rehearsals today, but that's ok with me. I just chilled around. Then I went to choir rehearsals, which weren't... totally horrible. I just keep trying to remember that tomorrow I will be on my way to Florida!  I still however, need to do my homework for tomorrow.  Not to mention that I still haven't packed.  Yikes.  See you all when I get back (Sunday).  ~Love & Peace~ -S
1	I have just purchased tickets for the very first showing of  LOTR: Return of the King  (on December 16th at midnight).  So far, there are nine people going to this outing, including Cap'n Cook, Princess JenFern,       miss_maven    and       keth   .  My ultimate goal is to take half a day off of work and watch the extended editions of FOTR and TTT before we head to the theater.    Oh, what a nerdtastic night it will be!
1	 I just wanted to take a moment to welcome all new members of this communities *winks at Fim and Orchyd* I hope to see your posts (stories or other things) soonish :)  Oh, and to all Americans, a Happy belated Thanksgiving *grin*  T'care, Eowyn. 
1	The weekend kicked butt-  From my little adventure friday night- which might have been painful but TOTALLY worth it!(thanks mista)  Sleeping in on Saturday and the hockey game with reginald.  That was lots of fun- despite the hawks losing but at least there was some good fights!  Yea so some good quality time together...some days i just love my life!  Sunday was so relaxing- my mom made me waffles with berries.  YUMMY  And then I did some shopping- got a 3-in-1 printer whoo-hoo.  Anyways it's back to school now and i just want to make it day by day.
0	Anybody interested in going to  this  with me tonight? Call me... I'm on my way to the convention right now, but I'll have my cell with me.
0	Doesn't anyone have any suggestions for me for prom? I need some ideas. If you have any pictures of amy at award shows or just any cool hairstyles she has, share them! let me know!! ..::Ashley::..
0	life... i have been thinking of it lately...what its meaning is. i have been good, but something is wrong....something missing... i have been filled with hate....hate for the world.... and then... i dunno...hate...hate...hate...that is all that goes through my mind...and powerful darkness, enveloping, suffocating...it holds me down...i hate...that is all.  so let me ask you this, if you had to spend the rest of your live with one person, would it be with the person you loved the most, knew the best, or lusted over?  sigh...
0	well, today was going fine, until around fourth hour. my head started throbbing, and i just lost all interest in the day. i sort of gave up at that point.  my head still hurts, and i don't know why. fuck.  i feel like i accomplished a lot today, but i still feel that suffocating feeling.  i feel like i am running up a down escalier. (i was just reminded of drama: up the down staircase.) i want out... WAY out.  south carolina here i come? fuck man, i can't wait to get down there... to camp on the beach... to build houses... to RElax.  *head throbs* goodnight... i have an early doctor's appointment tomorrow.  i like when he called me,  and made me feel like a miilion bucks,  even if it was because he wanted to get my pants. i would want to get in my pants too, if i were him... oh wait, no i wouldn't.
1	Pretty good news- Even though i couldn't come down for almost a week like planned, I'll be in Healdsburg from around 12:00- 4 or 5:00 tomorrow.  Call my cell (916)-812-9954.  I won't have my car, so if you wanna hang out someone else will have to drive.
1	The day that I have been waiting for has finally arrived...  FAMILY GUY IS RETURNING TO FOX!!  Sunday May 1st 9/8c!  Rock and Roll!  Check it out:   http://www.fox.com/familyguy/      
1	 http://movies.channel.aol.com/franc hise/exclusives/phantom.adp   ^_^   The first trailer for the Phantom of the Opera movie. It's not much, but still nice to watch. Can't wait for the movie! ^___^
1	You're a fan of Black Adder...  To reschedule an appointment I had to call: Jane Harrington... Yes..  The   Jane Harrington...  Jane "Bury me in a Y shaped coffin" Harrington... ... .. Yeah..it was kinda like that...
0	there's nothing to say, just its all falling apart as i fall further from life i cant stand myself that isnt righti wanna rip the skin off my bones,  i wanna bleed till theres nothing left of me i wanna see myself burn, i wanna see myself cry,  but.....all i want to do right now is DIE
1	today we got out of school at 11:45. i went to the mall and i got a cute shirt from american eagle. its white and has green and orange stripes(for anyone who cares). on saturday im wicked excited because im probably hanging out with jackie who i havent seen in like forever and a half.  peace out
1	But I'm not going to talk about the playoffs. Everyone's already said what needed to be said (and what didn't need to be said in some cases).  Instead I'm going to talk about my bike. My beautiful, gorgeous bike. My beautiful, powerful bike.  Fast cars are one thing, but the acceleration is never going to match up to what a bike can do. Until you've ridden one 90 on a windy mountain road, knees so close to the road on turns you're an inch away from crashing, you haven't truly lived.  Jill grumbles sometimes about it being dangerous and mumbles something about wanting me to stop after we have kids, but there are just some things that you can't. Once you've had it nothing's ever the same and you can't go back.
1	hey yall yeah new thing for beach week me eric and jay found a hotel suit for 400 dollars  can you say sick
1	Morning is the time when I hunt around the house, high and low, for a human knick-knack that is destined to be my cat toy.  Then I bat it around the house for hours, or as long as I feel like.  Weekend mornings are bothersome because the humans angrily take my toys away and grumpily stomp back to bed.  What's their problem?  -Oliver
0	My dog is being put in the animal hospital on friday to get a tooth pulled and some tests done. Her Vet says things are not going well with her and that this may be one of her last visits to the Vet...as if I don't know what that means. She is my first real pet and I can actually feel my heart breaking as if I was losing a human being in my life or something. I realy can't imagine waking up and not seeing her cute little face and wagging tail or hearing her little barks when someone knocks at the door. I feel so immature but, this is gonna be really hard for me.
1	Eeeeeeeeeeeee! Muppet Treasure Island is on! I don't care what you say, Muppets kick the ass of the ass of the ass. And this has Muppets and pirates! Eeeee!
1	Just got an e-mail from Mom saying that she and the little bro officially have tickets to come and visit me. They'll be getting here on May 19th and staying until June 9th. I'm pretty stoked; I need something to get (and keep) my mind off of all the crap that's been going on, and this should definitely help.   Of course, that means I'll have two weeks from when I get back after my trip to Hong Kong to when they physically show up in Japan. That's two weeks to get my sinfully nasty apartment into some vague state of order.  Jesus... I'd better start cleaning.
1	Happy day-before-your-Birthday, Mikey!   Today, it would be in Derek Thunder's best interests to show up for AMU!   The rest of you! Here. 2pm. Kevin said he'll show up a lil' later, so except for Dee, we should have a full house!  Jake, take Linz' car so y'all can pick up Mikey and John.  Lets celebrate in style for the Mikester, shall we?  A'ight. See you in a few, everyone!
1	 &nbsp;     Disney World here I come. March 21-March 25. be jealous.       &lt;3  
1	wooohoo  last nite i won two day passes for coachella  oh ya good times :)
1	 this song is one nice 1... so i have decided to put the lyrics over here for all to share... dun 4get to listen to the song too!! hehe    &nbsp;               幸福車站           曲：方文良  |  詞：Benny.C  |  編：梁介洋          準備好了嗎 九月九號九點九分兩個人就要出發  不帶行李 也不帶牽掛 向幸福車站出發   你看窗外啊 像不像一張又一張飛過了莫內的畫  讓我眼睛也捨不得眨 都因為有你對吧   艾菲爾鐵塔都因為戀人的約定才浪漫的呀  不管到哪 只要我身邊有你就對夠了就夠了 就夠了 幸福車站要兩個人才能到達  票根是一句回答 說跟著我你就不怕  櫥窗裡那件白紗 何時為我穿上了它   幸福車站沒有王子騎著白馬  只有真心的傻瓜 在終點為你蓋個家  風雨都吹不垮 愛到有了白髮 You Still My Love   所有的戀人啊 幸福站快到了  別忘了真心啊 幸福站快到了  下站請帶著它 幸福站快到了     
1	Today, I'm going on vacation!! Yay!!  And I'm leaving with a great feeling of self satisfaction. I've passed al my exams at school with flying colors, and at work I got plenty of positive feedback. I'm happy everything is working out!  So... looking forward to soaking up loads of sun, I'm off for some well deserved recreational time.
1	I'm feeling better....after some alone time(I cleaned my room and showered)  Ju Ju called and I went to help him babysit.  It made me feel loads better.  I dunno what i'd do if I didn't have him.    ahhh the soothing tones of Till's voice....Rammstein is the best.  It always gets me exited and bouncy ^_^   Good stuff check it out.      I'm goin to practice parallel parking a bit later with my Grandpa, I hope it goes well.  His patience can sometimes be as bad as mine  :-/    Well.....I guess i'll be goin
0	I know I haven't posted much lately, and this isn't terribly personal, but:   Susan Sontag has died.     Jerry Orbach has died.    But  Sports Illustrated swimsuit model Petra Nemcova has survived the tsunami , we are informed.  Well, thank goodness.
1	I beat my first weight loss mini goal to get under 200!! I weighed in this morning at 199!!    Next mini goal is to get under my pre-pregnancy weight of 185.
1	i know i know a nother dry spout... i havent updated in a loong time but that because i forget about my journal.. ;; o well could be worse things to forget about, no?  but now on to the main subject I GOT A COMPUTER IN MY ROOM!!!! me happy about that!!! yayayayyaayay *pause, bathroom break* so i still have to download a few things... kazaa... msn 6.2 but thats about it....  the manga count ass of now is 30!!!! i could name them all but i dont want to...and who really cares????  thats it for now  later
0	Heh, don't mind the title, it's irrelevent.  Anyways...when I created this LJ account, I decided to try not to use it to white about my personal problems.  I've just realized that's PRECISELY what journals are for.  So crap on this "no whining" idea of mine, I'm a-gonna whine.  Ironically enough, there's nothing I can really pinpoint, I just feel like crap.  It's likely a combination of school, girls(or the lack thereof), and crippling boredom(of the long-term variety).  There are several things I want, and one of them is either for time to pass really quickly or really slowly.  I can't decide which....come to think of it, being able to control it would be pretty sweet.  Imagine this:      "Sir, can I go to the washroom?"      "Okay, but be back in five minutes."      "Can do.......heh heh, sucker!"  Wow, I sure have difficulty walking on the chalk line of thought process...oh well.
0	I hate boys named Stephen. They make me cry.  Soooo why do I fall in love with them????
0	    [ Hm... Yuuta-kun must be slacking with his training schedule; there's no other explanation! The data is all correct, I'm sure, and by now, he should be twice as strong in all aspects... but rather, his performance today on the court was atrocious!   I shall need a little more information before I can accurately upgrade his schedule... and Yuuta-kun needs it.  Oh! Why won't they listen to me? All this could've been avoided if dear Yuuta-kun had done what I said!  Ah... I suppose I should get to work then. It's getting late.]     OOC: I didn't have the heart to delete Belle's posts as Mizuki... so they'll stay up XD!  However, we're sorta starting over so just regard this as a first post on a new journal kind of thing. Thanks!!  
1	   Bananas! in Pajamas! are coming down the stairs...so cute. although i have to admit...looking back, those commercials annoyed me when they just came out.
1	so anywayz yesturday was really boring. We had lacrosse practice.......11 people showed up so it was fun to say the least. I am strating to respect our coach he only wants the best for us and with hard work comes great pay off. we should do better soon we just need time.  after practice i called people to see if they were doin anything but decided to stay home and work n my kairos stuff. I have realized that kairos is like another job but with so many great paychecks....lol but i cant wait. im going to try to get everything done over break.  well if there are anybody out there that is still in ohio for break let me know and we could do something.  3 days without lax practice i cant wait.  25 more days........live the fourth
1	I graduate a week from today AND I leave for Europe a week from tomorrow! woohoo I can't wait. Gotta go buy some sandals and a new swimsuit today then clean clean clean because my parents, brother and sisters are coming saturday (well one of my sisters is coming friday) and the apartment is a MESS!  off to shop!
1	hi all.   this is the first community i have ever made, and i know very little about computers and such, but the fact is that almost a year ago i first heard of the band ANDROMEDA and i fell in love. i have since, however, heard very little of them... the net tells me nothing except that they have since changed their name to LOVE OUTSIDE ANDROMEDA and there was something... about an album... or something...   so anyway if anyone has heard anything, please join. :)  thanks!   xx  ps: oh and if no one joins in a few weeks, i will get rid of this. so... JOIN NOW OR DIE!
1	I'am so excited, we have to do this documentary project for english class and i'm in Tiana and Megan's group and were doing something with poverty in Winnipeg. This is the first time i have ever been so excited for something with school.  I told Tiana who the mystery guy is *blushes* she pinched my cheek which was kinda odd but meh! lol so ill go watch some t.v now  Christmas is soon...
0	Okay this is going to be friends only now on. Comment if you would like to be added.  The end.
0	What a terrible week. my grandfather died today.  and I got a rejection letter.
0	I am making a mix CD on industrial sad sounding songs...and I have had this one on repeat for awhile.    Shame by Stabbing Westward If only see myself reflected in your eyes  So all that I believe I am essentially are lies  And everything I've hoped to be or ever thought I  Died with your belief in me so who that hell am I?  I'm wondering 'round confused  Wondering why I try  The more that you deny my pain  The more it intensifies...  I need someone to ache for me the way I ache for you...  If you ignore that I'm alive  I've nothing to cling to  I stare in this mirror  So tired of this life   If only you would speak to me or care if I'm alive  Once I swore I would die for you  But I never meant it like this  I never meant like this  no i never meant like this   I don't know if I'm real without you  What is left of me without you?  I don't know whats real without you  How can I exist without you?     BTW, it's official. I'll be getting $379 a month from "THE MAN". Good times I guess
0	leaving Florida this morning was one of the hardest things I have ever had to do.  It was so hard getting up and getting dressed and going to the airport.  My bf broke down and cried...which made me cry...and we just stood there sobbing, holding each other, at the airport.  Once I walked in, all of the baggage claim people were asking if I was ok...but it is so hard to leave the man you love....to come back to a place that doesn't feel like home anymore because he isn't there.  I pray to God that soon we can be together always, instead of for just weeks at a time...  and here I am....back in cali....and wishing I was just back in his arms.........   *sigh*   pray for me ya'll...and send me some love.
1	I got my hair cut the other day and I like it a lot! The hairdresser did my hair really cool and I want to be able to do it too. Twaday was a busy day. I woke up to a million phone calls and then hit the mall with Rosanne and got a new cute purse and key chain thingy :)! Then I went to the RC talent show with Valerie, Colleen, and Diana. It was entertaining--but long.  Everyone did a good job! Valerie and I went to Kroger and then went to her casa and made our famous pina coladas and pizza rolls ( mac and cheese also this time). MMM!  ---- Things I want right now.... a masage The Notebook Christopher the beach to cuddle to make out in the rain( to go along with my pina coladas) to dance french toast sticks  a manicure to be in Greece  OOHH I got my senior pictures finally! Hurray-- If you love me you will get them. Thank you.  I'm going to sleep now.
1	a diamond is 4ever...and so are you and i =D   i love you sooo much...i miss you holding me...i miss your bed...i miss you.
1	Duuuuude. Pop Will Eat Itself reunited for 5 shows in England and they're gonna be releasing all the shows in a box set. Must have. This makes me happy. I certainly hope it leads to PWEI doing more. Must have MORE!!! Stupid Great Britain Pounds being nearly twice the value of the American dollar.
1	thank you to those who are advertising the community ^_^ *huggles*  I made a logo ^_^ tis a bit blurry but I was trying to get it as clear as possible and it didn't work... I'll try harder later... I was thinking every week or so I could put a different character as our logo... kinda like a Miwa Week or something like that, were the logo's all have Miwa and Miwa only, or Miki and Miki only, what do you think? or should I just keep them as group pictures??   So far, we have Miki, Meiko, Miwa and Arimi... ^_^ hopefully we'll get a Yuu and Ginta soon and then we can start... infact I think we can start the minute we get a Yuu, but you know what I mean, the more the merrier... ^_^ so I'm going off now to advertise the community. ^_^
0	Have ever gotten sick of how friends just seem to come and go.  It is like, once you have filled your purpose, they don't need you anymore.  Your friendship becomes one based solely on having fun.  Not to undermine having fun, but...I should have seen this coming.  Katherine warned me last year that some of my friends area  blast to hang out with but when you get right down to it; there isn't much there.  Last semester I would have thought differently, but I was single then.  I needed them more.  And I still need them, or thought I did, but when one of your best friend's boyfriends calls you a sadistic bitch...it kind of puts things in perspective.  They come first; just like Cole comes first for me; but more than that they come first for each other.  As long as those three are together, no ill can be done, and no one is hurt, right?  Everything they could possibly need is at their fingertips; and they don't need me.
1	The weather here is gorgeous for the first time in months.  It's warm, sunny, and I'm typing this in a strappy top and jeans.  It's lovely to look out of the window to warm sunshine instead of that cold-sunshine you get in the winter.  And to not have to have 4 layers on inside the house.  I'm happily putting together compilation CDs and tidying in my spare time, and playing with the cats, and everything is good.  I'm enjoying today.    Had a 2 hours chat with Jay yesterday, which has also contributed to my general good mood.
1	so yeah i almost died the other day...a car wrecked like 1 foot in front of me...it could have hit me and if it did i would have died cause it is not like i have a roof on the top of my car... they had to be drunk...there is no other explanation except for they stole the car and lost control. it landed upside down and rolled like 2 times...it was crazy.  i am so excited about starting school on mon...i am so ready to go...  well just thought i would write something...
0	It turns out that buying tanzanite (a pretty, blue stone) could be even more immoral than buying diamonds.  Due to the extremely small area of the world where this gem is found, if you buy it you will most likely be making yourself a customer of al Qaeda.  Consider this quote from Doug Farah's book "Blood From Stones" (p. 65):  "Al Qaeda also made inroads into the tanzanite industry.  Tanzanite is a rare gem, found only in one five-square-mile patch in northeastern Tanzania. . .An extensive November 2001 Wall Street Journal investigation found an openly radical Muslim presence in the heart of the tanzanite mining district.  Buyers tied to bin Laden were purchasing the gems from miners and middlement and smuggling them to Dubai and Hong Kong.  It is not clear whether, like diamonds, the tanzanite was being bought primarily as a way of hiding money or whether it was a money-making venture."
0	That's TWICE now that I've seen a ROTK commercial.....and reading "The Journey Ends" just makes me sad....I DON'T WANT IT TO END!!! I've enjoyed this journey....very much...it's really been something else. *sigh* I guess I'll live. More later, right now going for milkshakes with Kate.
1	 Hmm, just 14 this round    &nbsp;          &nbsp;     Credit is needed and comments are&nbsp;loved. hehe.   DON'T HOTLINK PLEASE!       &nbsp;     Want to nom me? Please do.       &nbsp;     SO, this is how this goes, if you want to request an icon go ahead and I will make it during this week and after making them I will make a new post with the requested icons in it.        &nbsp;     My resources are found  here        &nbsp;     Lost Icons     &nbsp;    1.  2.  &nbsp;3.  &nbsp;4.      &nbsp;    5.  &nbsp;6.  &nbsp;7.  &nbsp;8.      &nbsp;    9.  &nbsp;10.      &nbsp;     Veronica Mars      &nbsp;    1.  &nbsp;2.  &nbsp;3.  &nbsp;4.   
0	I wish there was more hope for dating with her right now. fucking semester just went by. no notice or anything.
1	*really doesn't see what  ev  er  yo  ne  is making such a fuss about*  *shrugs*  *doesn't bother with trying to figure it out and leaves it to the grown-ups to sort it all out*  *skips off to the park with Ryn* :D :D :D  *teaches him to retrieve a frisbee once he's thrown it*
1	This week has been strange, but id have it no other way. It started off pretty bad... but im over that. Lifes to short to hold grudges. You know that saying "when one door closes another one opens" well that has been the motto for this week. Out of anger and stubbornness I stopped hanging out with my regular group of friends. I was pissed off at some of them for one reason or another and didnt want to see them. So there I am sitting in the courtyard late at night smoking a clove, when Mary walks bye. Marys a good friend of mine who is awesome to talk to (she rox because she likes Elliot Smith). After bitching to her about all my problems I felt a lot better. I always seem to feel better when I talk to her. We ended up hanging out a lot this week which was cool. I did a lot of fun things that I normally wouldnt have. So anywayz Im still gauging my ears, im at a 0 now which is pretty big. My friend Mikes at a double 0, but I dont think im gonna go that big. Time to go.
0	Well, this morning I took my son Eli to the doctor for his two month appointment. He is in the 90th percentile for weight (13 lbs 6 oz) and 75th for height (23 1/3 inches)! He had to have 3 shots. The poor little guy has been grumpy most of the day -- he slept for a little bit when we got home but when I went to my favorite knitting store this afternoon he started bawling his little head off. All I could do to calm him was go feed him in the car. He did have some smiles for me before when he was in his activity gym, but since then his grumpiness has resumed. I feel so bad for him, especially because he doesn't understand why he is hurting. It probably is worse for me than for him, but still....  On a happier note, a nice person made me the following collage     Cute, isn't it?
1	      Yeah I have a pony now hahahahahha    Never that that could happen with my hair!    I'm lovin' it PADAPAPAPAPA!    Great hair for hitting the club with new years :D    and I just love hearing fire works all the time :D 
0	Like, I hate stereotypes.  They like don't make sense.  So I use 'like' a lot.  It doesn't make me an  airhead , or a  ditz , but just  different .  Like, I know you all know that.  But why can't others?  I like computers, I can  hack , I am smart, but sometimes I just forget, or don't care enough to be serious.  Then there are the liars.  You  always  think you can spot them.  The  bad  kids, the  evil  ones, the ones that are just . . . Me.  I like feel so awful.  My stereotype  isn't  a  ditz , but a  liar .  And no one can see this but me.  I . . . have something important to tell you all.  And it isn't easy.  Like, can we all talk later?  It's important.  *sighs*
1	So...on his website, Brien's weekly something says...sorry, terribly busy.    Anyhoo- I haven't updated on my birthday which was 6 days ago and my little get together with my sistahs!    We had dinner at Olive Garden, had ice cream at my house, then went to Applebee's...since Thana turns 21 next week.  Yeah for that.  Can't wait to go out for that.  I got a tank top from Bebe, a pair of diamond earings (my birthstone), a martini glass, picture frame, purse and wallet, and money!  Yeah for that.  Oh yeah...2 seasons of Friends...so now I have seasons 1-4.  Almost half way there.  I really want 5 now, since I've already watched them all. :)  I've been looking a tickets and I think I've decided on July 20th-27th to go visit Catherine. :)  I'm really excited.  I know I sound like a dork, but I've never gone out of the country really.    But I must go now, so more later.  I'm going to Eugene to see Brent. :)
0	So now Christopher Reeve is dead, too. There are far too many people we grew up with dying lately. It is a depressing thing.
0	No matter what I say or do, the 10 secs of happiness dont equal the 1000 minutes of sadness. I really need 2 go 2 the doctor. I think I suffer from depression for real. One minute I feel like crap w/out my friends and the next I dont even want friends. What the HELL is wrong w/me?!?!?!?! I cry myself to sleep EVERY night! I mean things I say but dont act like I do...God, what is wrong w/me? I'm glad Charley and I are friends for 5 mins and then I screw something up and feel like crap again! What the heck?!?!?!? Im not mad at anyone...I just want to go into isolation...no friends, no fun, no family. What the heck I cant freakn sleep.... :'( Lord, plz help me.   :'(                        *~*Ash*~*
1	FORMAN SHOW! The Pub (General Clinton's)  Thursday, March 10 at 10(ish)pm!  ..more details as they arrive..   Be there or be killed!
0	 I'm starting to fall in love with  Loft Eleven . There are definitely more chi-chi lofts/studios available in New York, but I fear the price tags.  Speaking of ... my gut tells me the wedding may be postponed beyond Summer 2004. I just don't know how we could pay for anything, and I don't have the heart now to even ask my parents (dad's been retired for years, mom just got laid off). I'm once again angry at myself for changing careers when I had no savings.
0	There is thunder outside and it scares me... it woke me up...  I want todd to come over but honestly think he hates me b/c i was in a really bad mood yesturday. im sad b/c i think hes going to break up with me. if he does my hearts gonna be broken... :( im really worried about this...and i miss him...  Last night was....cool... austen came and got me. Nicole and albrista were with him. we went to wendys mmmm... and then chilled at the park. Then came back to my house at like midnight and went fucking crazy... haha it was the best night of doing nothing... i can even begin to explain how crazy me and nicole are... I love nicole....
1	Father Peter seems to have discovered a liturgical timewarp &ndash; we started the service today in Easter and ended it in Pentecost!  Had lunch with       claroscuro   ,       emperor   , Mark- WINOLJ ,       naomir   , and       yrieithydd    at the Free Press, which was particularly good.  Even if it was a bit too sunny.  (I must have looked strange eating outside in  Hat  and sunglasses :))  Then we committed Xenocide, which was also mostly good.
0	 Weary little broken girl, Fist full of garbage.  Her fingers clenched around the filth, Holding tightly to her heart.  She'll never know a better way. Staring at a single wall. He said to her, Trust me. Love me. Killed her. The sweetest kiss is the kiss of death. Shiny metal kisses... Life itself drips down her arms. Oh sweet release, Eyes close for the last time. 
1	   laugh with me, shout, scream. now tell me you're staying    
1	In case no one's noticed, I've been conspicuously absent from LJ for a while.  Nearly every moment save for the ones spent sleeping, at school, or working have been with Ben.  So much so that I fear I may get burned out soon. Nah, I'm having an off week, though.  You know how those things go. Last night was easily one of the best I've had in a while.  Sadly, I'm keeping the events mostly to myself to avoid accusations.  Even though it's really no big deal, I don't want to risk the parents finding out, because then I would be fucked. Ben's supposed to come fix my car any time now since it seems to be leaking transmission fluid and I figure that's not good since he seemed worried.  I guess I'll just leave this at this now.  I'll post again later.
1	This is so cool and even though we all hate to admit it, we're addicts :)  ThanX Brad!  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3  peace y'all.
1	Look at my costume =DD    My pathetic attempt at looking intimidating...    ..I give up :P    Purdyness, aint it?    Pantaloooones xD    Got these shoes on Friday, aint they amazing?   There you have it. Gotta run to see Lexie and company, ta ta! Comment if you want to marry my costume.  &lt;3 Shann
1	lol its so strange for me to be in such a good mood, but i am.  I have a new friend in my life. Tony. hes great.and has this ability to make me feel like a brand new person. just thought id let you guys know!!! hehe  back to work for me!!! love you guys!! -Apryl
1	Mini Ninjas are all bursting with ideas, and a Warhammer 40,000 game is underway (well it was before hand, i'm just mentioning it now). Also, check us all out at  The Fishka . Final point, I'm making a little thing I call the Fishka 3Dkey, think how gameshark unlocks hidden features in your games, all Fishka flash works and especially my works, will have hidden features that can only be unlocked using 3Dkey! XD Sound cool? Well, it will be.
0	I've been reading her books since grade school and she's probably the one writer that got me into science fiction.  My favorites?  Probably Beast Master/Lord of Thunder, Outside and Year of the Unicorn.   And then there's Night of Masks, Witch World, Janus adventures, Solar Queen... *sigh*
0	ugh. not the best day, but not everyday is a walk in the mall. hmmm... well today was the last day of me and my boyfriends togetherness. its kind of good that its ended tho. things werent going too well. the day leading up to it wasnt so dandy, but o well. at least i got a totally cool new hairdoo. i shall post pictures soon. ne ways ya i dont have a lot more to say. so bye my dearest friends! hope ur day was better than mine!   &lt;3 always,  leesee   p.s brandon is my coolest friend ever.  p.s.s. i just totally remembered something about me and paulina.   mammoth vacation 2003:  as me, paulina, alexa, and tori were all stuffed in one bed.  paulina: elysse, your butt is on my butt... its kind of soothing...  group of us: hahahahahahhahaha  wow paulina sure knows how to make me feel special. lol. i love you Pal.
0	So I broke down and absolutely cried my eyes out at that wedding! You know how they have the father of the bride and the bride dance? Well yeah they did and then they played "Butterfly Kisses", only the sweetest song in the world and I honestly just couldn't handle it. I lost all control and started crying like a baby, which then made me feel like a total jack ass, so that was agreat night!  The night before was much better, only disapointed it had to end so soon!! I miss you baby! You need to come out here again soon cuz you didn't get to meet everyone I wanted you to meet!!  But anyways, I need to shower and then I definitely need to go watch some football! See ya!!
1	Who, a long weekend! And I'm going to see the matrix revolutions on Wednesday!  My mother had a nice blunder today..  A cousin of my had a baby with the name "Aleister". We got a birth announcement card in gothic/Breezah style.   The font is comic ms, written in breezah style so we said it was a breezah-girl. (Breezah is from the Drink, Bacardi Breezer. It tastes like lemonade but has alcohol, and girl that drink it type like "H3Llo!").    So my mother didn't read the card and send a card back, "Happy birthday with your daughter and mailed it.   Today my father read the card again, and said "Who is naming his son like that".   And my mother went like "*ooops*"
1	I'm home... I'm tired... (Slightly) I feel human again... My room is a mess of clothes and toys I have no idea where all my new stuff is going to go...  I'm glad to be home, though I'm sad that it's all over... I've had a blast for the last week, forgetting about all the shit that goes on here.  A huge thanks to all those who who attended Botcon in Pasadena for making it an excellent and memorable time. And for making me feel like I belong somewhere.  And of course a  MASSIVE  thanks to Brad, Pete and Jon... you guys know what for.  One last thanks to Kitty, from coming over and lying on my leg and purring away when we got back to Brad's. It was nice.  I'll do a full update later (maybe tomorrow) once I've gotten back to reality.   Oh and checked on the status of my 'Plan' :D
1	Okay so we just had a tripple fraternity meeting with Phi Mu Alpha, us and Sigma Alpha Iota... somehow, SOMEHOW both Kellen and BK are the music committee... Somehow... So, the formal is going to be "crunk". Kellen said he would make sure that they play 'Go Sit Down' at least 34 times for me.  And the quote of the night goes to Erika for:  "Oh, there are three gay men on the decorating committee-- there's going to be a lot of glitter... and faries...".
1	i got a job at the kimalls gift shop i am so happy!!! and i am going to maine on thursday so that should be fun!! but school starts soon which really sucks but i miss everyone i haven't seen in awhile. so i guess its good. and i left Ian a message on his cell phone so i hope he calls back!! xoxo
1	     I'll update on camp laters...  I'm going to be going to work less now cause they won't need me as much and I won't have a computer *another lady is coming in*.  This is good because I can start focusing on school more.    later taters! Yesssssssssss
0	once again i have been left out... thanks gals. i appreciate it.
0	I had a bad night last night, where I spent most of it crying. Julies' death is really starting to sink in now and when I visited with Stace last night after dinner, I wanted to burst into tears. I'm feeling really lonely and I'm not sure why exactly. I've been feeling really clingy with Tasha because of this, and I feel that I'm pushing her away, even though all I want to do is be with her. To be held and told that its' ok. It's so frusterating. I don't want to push her away. That's the last thing I want to do. Maybe it's me. Who knows. Why do I have such a hard time trying to convey what I'm feeling without hurting or pushing other people away? I'm feeling so out of sorts these last 24 hours. sigh.
1	       &nbsp;        HAPPY   CHRISTMAS  !!!!!!!!!!!     
1	 M'kay...so I've got good news, and that is I've got aim again. Wooo hoo. ;)  I'm happy about this.  Talking to Missy right now, that's kewl. yep.   Went shopping today...that was very fun.  Stephanie and I had such a great time...she is soooo funny...it's like old times coming back.  yay.  I bought the kewlest stuff..."stuff".  I wish I had more spending money, then I could have bought even more.    Man, my weekend is gonna suck.  Laura told me that Ryan and Monica wanted me to go with them to the island...get nice and drunk...but I have to take care of that stupid baby.  :(  Grrr.  Anyways...for now I'm outa here.   
1	$499/person - 7 night - Western Carribean - Grand Princess  04/25/2004   Fort Lauderdale, Florida   04/26/2004   Princess Cays  04/27/2004   At Sea    04/28/2004   Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands  04/29/2004   Majahual, (Costa Maya) Mexico  04/30/2004   Cozumel, Mexico  05/01/2004   At Sea    05/02/2004   Fort Lauderdale, Florida   Ocean view cabin for two.... I can't wait!
0	I've never been so confused... I've never felt so broken... I've never just wanted to disappear as much as I do now.       An artificial season Covered by summer rain Losing all my reason Cause there's nothing left to blame Shadows paint the sidewalk A living picture in a frame See the sea of people All their faces look the same  So I sat down for awhile Forcing a smile In a state of self-denial Is it worthwhile Sell my pity for a dime Yeah, Just one dime Sell my pity for a dime Yeah, Just one dime  Plain talk can be the easy way Signs of losing my faith Losing my faith Plain talk can be the easy way Signs of losing my faith Losing my faith  So I sat down for awhile Yeah, Forcing a smile In a state of self-denial Yeah, Is it worthwhile Sell my pity for a dime Yeah, Just one dime Sell my pity for a dime Yeah, Just one dime 
1	If you read my journal, you already know I'm a geek  (glances nervoulsy to two Star Trek uniforms and Bajoran nosepiece)   so it will come as no surprise at all to any of you that I am presently sitting watching reruns of Doctor Who and anxiously watching the clock as it counts down to the NEW SERIES - yep NEW SERIES - of Doctor Who.&nbsp; There's a whole new Doctor (Christopher Eccleston for those who have managed to avoid all mention of this) and mega new stories.&nbsp; Squeeeeee!&nbsp;   I can't wait.....T minus 2 hours............................... 
1	I'm supposed to be lending someone 'A Clockwork Orange' by Anthony Burgess, but i started flicking through it and found myself reading it again. I also, in my quest to find above book, found a book of Phillip Larkin's poetry, which i forgot i even had. I love finding things i didn't realise i had :) I got my free sample of Bold through the post this morning, and my driving licence yesterday! I am a happy sponge. I've decided to sell some stuff on e-bay, and since some real crap has managed to sell on there i'm going to attempt to sell a sock with a hole in it. If this has already been done, please tell me!
1	My Birthday = Tomorrow...  Very excited! :)  I'm turning 23.
1	Well... I saw that Dave linked me from his journal so I figured I might as well update with... something.  So... uh... hi.  I'm still playing WoW... got my druid up to level 60 and I got my first set piece... I must say I make it look good.  Uhm... that's about it...  Bye. :x
0	 http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/eu rope/4210841.stm 
1	Got my first and second wishes granted. And the big boss said that my wage would be increased next month. This is my lucky day!
0	everyones pissed at me and im pissed at school everyone wants me to do more then I am able to do and if i cant do it there like bite my head off I dont want to be like everyone else I want to be me.  but hell no ones responded to any of my post for like a week now so why bother ........
1	             I'm going to see The Starting&nbsp;Line!!!!!!!!!          
1	YAY FOR PHI MU!!!  It is a glorious day despite the weather here in England when I hear my lovely sisters back home are taking it to the top with their talent at Lip Sync.  Always proud!  I can't wait to come home and see the video.  Love and mad props to my sisters back home!!
0	Well its been a loooong time since i updated. I guess i've just been kinda busy. Jed moved yesterday, Michelle left for Germany for 3 weeks today...i just feel like crap. Not a good day at all. I'm off from work tonight, & yet there is nothing to do. I'd rather be at work than sitting at home. Oh well. I have had some fun the past few weeks. Hanging out a lot w/ michelle & ppl. I got to see some ppl i haven't seen in a while, so i was happy about that. I'm hoping my parents are going out of town this weekend. Maybe they will let me stay home by myself, who knows. I'm in such a shitty/depressed mood anyways, they might as well leave. I've got to work tomorrow night & saturday night, sooo yeah. Work actually isn't all that bad, so i'm happy about that. Well i'm gonna go sleep or something. Maybe i'll update later.
1	Chris got down on his knees and proposed to me during a Collider concert... and we're still going (and planning)! :)
1	I have lost 20 pounds in 21 days.  Pretty impressive.  It just goes to show you that if you put your mind to anything and have faith in your abilities, you can do just about anything you want to.  I should be a motivational speaker.  For anyone out there trying to lose weight, the best thing you can do is rid yourself of processed sugar.  I cannot tell you how much better I feel as a result of dropping that one item from my repertoire.  Other than that, I stopped drinking except for one night of the week and I quit white bread, white rice, and white pasta... all whole wheat.  I've experienced a lot less general aches and pains, a lot less cravings for junk food.  I think processed sugar is extremely addictive.  Anyhow, there's the method to my madness and it has worked out pretty well... i only have 30 more pounds to go.  Then the weight will return, but in the form of muscles, as I'm starting to lift and exercise and stuff.  I'm gonna be real buff.  BEEFCAKE.  BEEFCAAAAAAAAKE!!!!
1	You can see the ultrasound at  my secret webpage . OR just a thumnail here:     The thumbnail above is our first ultrasound of the baby at about 8 weeks!  
0	How could you JJ? How could you?  No television show has ever made me cry before, and I have done so on every single sad episode of  Lost  so far. This one, though, takes the cake. My chest still feels tight.  I don't want to spoil anything, but Jesus... that was so hard, and I'll miss him so much.  *cries*
0	Man, I wrote only a little (for The Bet: Deflowering of the Flower). Now it's at 1166 words. :( I want to write a whol lot, but I don't want to rush it, cause I want it to be good. And I just imagine my readers all angry and upset because it takes me more than a month to update, and it sucks. I have excuses, but I'm sick of saying them. Just know guys, if you're reading this, I'm sorry. Sigh...
1	My house got sold this morning! So it looks like we'll be moving out sooner than I thought. Now I just need to find a place to stay for about 4 months. So excited I am. Last night I got punished by the Grey Goose but I feel good today so I'm ready for round two.
0	this past weekend was not the greatet. i really worried my best friend megan and i still cannot apologize enough to her. i'm sry one more time (she'll prolly kill me now). this is gonna b one short entry  but oh well i don't have much to say. other than i can't wait for my life to look up again! thankx to friends and my wonderful b/f it should b soon! i really really hope it is! hopefully school will b getting better soon as well. if not i think i'll go crazy!
1	My son sent his first e-mail to me today... No he's not a super genius... despite what my wife and I say.  Shell was sending me an e-mail while holding him, and he was so interested in the keyboard that he had to give it a try.  So with no vurther ado my son's first e-mail:  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;8?//k.&nbsp;cx,&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;mlll llllllfyybikuglfh&nbsp;mn&nbsp;m&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   jyfj&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;nmmm  I'm so proud.  Apparently he really digs the space bar.
1	I must admit to skewing some of my answers in the hopes of getting the "right" result. Not by much, though. And I got it on the first try. :)         You scored as  Daniel Jackson .        Daniel Jackson             70%       Jonas Quinn             65%       General Hammond             65%       Sam Carter             60%       Janet Fraiser             55%       Teal'c             45%       Jack O'Neill             25%        What Stargate SG-1 Character Are You?   created with  QuizFarm.com     Pjack
1	So I FINALLY found out my GPA about 2 weeks after everyone else.  It's a *drum roll* 3.76!  So yay for that.  I actually made all A's (and those aren't even A minuses) and one B.  Combined with my transfer credits from HCC, I now have a 3.76!  I'm kinda surprised I did so well, but I must say it's a VERY pleasant surprise.  HOORAY!  Now I'm not tired.
1	friday night i babysat and then saturday worked all day and then went to the lodge and worked on a scrapbbok and helped heather out with hers. then sunday morning at 6 in the morning i went to a cheerleading competion with nicole, lauren, and her mom and watched nicole perform. then we went back to nicoles and slept for awhile and then went to the mindless mistake show! it was ssssooo awesome!! they sound so much better live then on their cd!! it was great and a lot of fun! then today we've just been hanging out at nicoles, played monopoly with her brothers and her sister and now i'm watching spider man 2 with frank! lol! i have to work in about 3 hours and then i get to go home by 6:30! and then i think i'm just going to be laying at home! do some laundry! so much fun!
1	  I got my license today.&nbsp; Yay for me.&nbsp; And yesterday I got information about housing and the fact that I am going off to college is starting to sink in.&nbsp; Although I will miss you all, it is going to be great to get out of here.&nbsp; Have a great weekend!!      PS.&nbsp; Don't forget to Smile  
0	i would be able to stand up for myself on the very intimate level that is in question.  and the world's best boyfriend turned out to be not perhaps just another seasonal crutch hours later i feel the same.
0	Fisix and Algebra II finals today. I think i failed both of them. School is over. Thank god. I thought it would never come. Walked home with Stan. Went swimming. Tanned. Got ready for work. Got to work. Joe came a lil before 5.. and brought me bad news. Hes grounded for 2 fuckiin weeks b/c he pulled a stupid prank. Goddman it. There is 3 days of fucking school left and he HAD to get in trouble. I havn't seen him in like a week and a half and barley talked to him. And now hes grounded for another 2 weeks. We were susposed to hang out tommrow before work. That shot to shit. So now he cant come to my party... and i'll be going on vacation again by the time he is ungrounded.. so that makes a long ass time w/o seeing him. Fuck. Summer sucks already and it didnt even start. This better not be a fuckin sign of things to come. :(
1	Well, after 11 months of having a crippled computer, last week I bought a new system from the company I dealt with 4 years ago, out of Los Angeles, CA.  I must say, it's one helluva step-up from using WindowsNT Workstation on a 400mhz processor.  Wee for speeeed!  It is my hopes that I will now begin posting regularly in my journal like I did back in the days...I dont know if I will ever be able to get caught up on everyone's lives and what has been going on though.
0	for just once. just once i wish things were simple. im beginning not to beleive in love. im so sick of getting hurt. im done with it. screw everything. i hate it. i just hate everything. this will not turn me into an angry person. as it already has been.  im not an angry person. and i hate who im becoming.  i just need to get away from everything.  love. its so overated.   ..and to you..  GO FUCK OFF.  and i hate   end of the line. get off here.
1	For the past 4 weeks I have been watching the BBC's adaptation of Elizabeth Gaskell's Norh and South! and last night the mini-drama came to an end! And what an ending!!  Yes I admit I wasnt too sure at first, I wanted Mr Thornton to shout 'Margaret' but it was beautiful and I am very pleased and impressed! I still love Pride and Prejudice with my Mr. Darcy(Colin Firth) but I think that North and South and Mr Thornton are nearly taking over! Not there just yet.... but I will keep you informed!!
1	Two upcoming shows that I'm REALLY looking forward to: 1) Thornley, May 27th at The Mod Club (where the fuck is that? Apparently it's in T.O.), and 2) Pilate, June 25th at the Oakville Waterfront Festival.  Oh yeah, the weekend before the Oakville Festival, Colin James is playing the Mississauga one in Port Credit, along with Tom Cochrane! HAHAHAHA  Oh, and Alison: Jann Arden is also playing the Oakville one, i believe on Sunday the 27... i might be wrong on the date though.
1	three minute recap. saw the loved ones = one of my favorite bands. scraped together a mediocre demo and handed it to mr. dave hause. spent the day with brandi nine times in a row. didn't see her for a day and was deathly ill the next day. she came over and today i feel great. ANYONE ELSE SEE THE CORRELATION?
1	stuck need help........please.......thanks.......*s miles and courtsies*
0	boy am I in over my head this semester. Like, I'm nearing the bottom of the ocean at this point.  Things are stacking up above.  I know, I just can't say no to some things.  My bow arm is continuously getting tighter and more tired.   I've been trying to play lightly.  in over my head and barely grazing 12 credits.  Ironically when I was taking 21 credits, it wasn't too bad, most of the time. I'm concerned about the Mendelssohn since it's coming up soon but moreso the Schubert.  It seems we have somewhat lost interest in it as a group since Maggie left because of her injury.  A few times when we played together it really sounded like chamber music.  I felt like we were on the right path.  Now that she's gone it's like, we're all standing on the side of the road not wanting to really get back on because we know it won't be the same.
1	We have a reception location.  We have an official date.  We have less than 9 months! We have a budget. We have a guest list. We have a wedding party (though half don't know it yet). We have many tentative ideas. We have many solid ideas. We have many appointments. We are going to get photos done. We have a WHOLE LOT more to do!  Chaos.... BRING.IT.ON!  :)
0	My synagogue just voted to maintain a cap of families allowed to join the conregation.  Because being exclusionary in order to be exclusive is what being Jewish is all about, apparently.  Words cannot expressed how disappointed I am at the executive board's choice.  ~Skola
0	Warning Mini-rant:   I spent quite a bit of time today with Penguino and friends pondering my life and my existence.  People say I tend to put others before myself too much. But then people closer to me say I stress too much and sound selfish.  Hmmm.  There's certain parts of my job that I'm responsible for more than just myself, but other's future. I want to better myself, but if i leave my responsibilities major sections will fall...   It's very frustrating being so important, but taking so much heat... I feel like I'm starting to understand why Kurt Cobain took his own life... but I could be wrong.  I hope while in Japan, I can connect with some old friends and try and fix up my life.  I'll try and update while in Japan.  Follow your dreams!  Much love...  - Aka
0	I remember my mom coming to me with the question, "How can you think with your music that loud?"  She was right for asking the question, because I really can't think when I'm listening to my music at the volume that I so love.  And I think that is the reason that I enjoy it so much.  Once I turn up my music, my problems all seem to melt away and life becomes simple again.  I have a feeling that my music volume will be very high for the next few days.  :(
1	    &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    faux fox is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator      
0	Well i got my hair cut..and i think i have a mullet. This is the worst thing ever. So i went to the salon, and it looked pretty okay, but the leady but some wax stuff in it, so when i got home i washed my hair, and now its all poofy and mullet like. OMG. Damn change, damn it to hell! I don't want a mullet. what am i going to do. Maybe its just the way i blow dryed it, but what if thats teh only way i know how? OMG. This sucks.
1	Now that I am volunteering for Operation Kindness I thought I would let you guys know about some of the sweet animals I see that need a good home. This is Bongo. He is a 8 1/2 month old Husky mix, they think that he will reach about 130 pounds. He is very sweet and laid back. Look at him, he just says, "Take me home and love me."    
1	Harry Potter Third Movie Soundtrack in: 13 days Harry Potter Third Movie in: 22 days Harry Potter Forth Movie in: 553 days Harry Potter Sixth Book: Summer 2005 or 2006  Lord of the Rings-ROTK in: 13 days  My HP fantrip in: 17 days  Graduation in: 15 days  Spiderman 2 in: 48 days X-men 3 in: 719 days The Last Unicorn (Live Action) in: 597 days  Tenchi Muyo OAV 3 ep 4 (ep 17) in: 14 days Tenchi Muyo GXP vol 2- out now Shin Tenchi Muyo vol 2 Geneon release- out now Lain vol 3 Geneon release- ? out now  Aladdin Special Edition DVD in: 146 days  hmm...I think that's it for now... :)
0	Six weeks.  I had six weeks to try and find the time to sit down and read  The Grapes of Wrath.   But I just couldn't do it.  I had to return the book last night, and I picked up a Terry Pratchett book instead.  Maybe I'll finish this one in time.  We'll see.  (Notice a delay between the time something happens and the time I write about it?  Weird.)  And now, for something infinitely more  amusing .
1	Woah!  I woke up this morning and thought I should cut off about three pounds of hair off my face and head, probably to have some sort of physical loss to help me forget whatever the hell happened last night.  Now I'm walking around real careful-like, because I feel like my head is going to roll off and run away on Easter morning like that rabbit I once had.  Bo.  Or... Beau?  Maybe he didn't even really run away on Easter morning, and that was just something I made up to get people to feel sorry for me and buy me petty candies.    I found out today that Snoop Dogg is coming to my campus!  Yow that's hot!
0	 Series : Living In Sin  Disclaimer : Ever so sorry boys…the stuff in here never happened.   Paring : Sean A./Elijah   Rating : PG-13  Summary: AU:  Life is never really that easy when living in a seething underworld of vice and sin.  AU Description:  Set in the turn of the century (the last century) in an upscale bordello where Elijah headlines as their ‘main attraction.’ Sean is the right hand man to the ringleader of an Irish gang that does a lot of business with many of the people who frequent the establishment in which Elijah works.    Prologue 
0	Hello. My name is Goro Inagaki. It is nice to meet you!! I like wine, cats, and clothes.  Today, I woke up at the time I should not.I felt a dizzy. Last night I drank wine and it fell on my favorite sweater. It has stripes on it! Do you like stripes? Now, it has stripes and wine on it. Oh! so bad
0	okay..after a really long day..a really long week..a really long month, the last thing anyone wants to hear is that they aren't really being the best of people.  i mean it sucks enough that every time i mess up i have to hear it from 20 different people.  but man i try so hard.  with 15 hours of school a week, 25-30 hours of work a week, h/w, spending time with erin, taking care of things at home..and then to have your good friends tell that you that..that isn't really cutting it.  that pretty much in one word..sucks.  that's the best word for it..that really sucks.  i feel like i'm trying so hard..just with dealing with school stress, work stress, this new medical thing that has recently popped up..i just don't get it.  am i really not doing the best i can?  what's the deal here..something's gotta give.  -Tiger
0	hey me again. i keep giving my dog baths killing fleas getting rid of the aful smell.the next day pretty much twice as much fleas smells aful and shes loosing hair(shes been doing that).but the bad thing is ihave to get RID OF HER i feel so aful!i hate it but shes better to go than be here.anyway always up for a talk ifanyone wantsto talk. be back tommarow! celticwarrior/James
1	That this is the one thing...to take me to the place ive wanted to be for so long..  Could it be that this is the real deal....because if these walls come tumbling down...i dont think ill be able to put them back up to where i so diligently placed them ....   time will tell
0	Our car crapped out earlier today, in what's been the worst weather of the winter season.  By the good graces of       corsetress    the car is at a garage, and we (the wife, daughter and I) are all home and safe.  Based on what I was seeing and hearing, I'm fearing the worst.  The engine is making an unhealthy clunking noise and has a bad vibration, so I'm worried about somthing internal being broken.  I won't know anything more until sometime Monday.
0	so hi all u livejournalers. how have u all been. well ive been just fine i guess.   so the school muscial is going great. i love the show and this year cast is so much fun. when im in school i just cant wait to go to rehersal b/c the cast is so freindly just like a second family tat i will likw never have.   school has been going ok. i ave so much on my plate now more then i had last year. well this year im joining colorguard and the gsa has inproved much more then last year. shcool as been so much fun this year but i just cant believe that in two years it will all be over. ill be in a new place with new people that i dont no and doing something new. that a lot of new thing!  so i have been being like stalked by some weird 9t graders. freaky isnt it. LOL turkely luckely we need to talk.  and last  i need to say dosen't it sux when u like some one but they may but problay never like u bac   &lt;3 DJ
1	I'm about to leave for New York! I'm staying with David and I'm going to see Griffin, Brian, and Daniel Byrd tomorrow! I can't wait. Everyone have a safe and happy weekend. I'll be back on Sunday.
1	this week was good I loved it also I must say I have been super happy.  I got to hang out with my good friends wes and leah and also Molly I think that she is great she makes me super happy and I love it.  I realy hope that thing work out with her cause she is wonderfull.  on another note I miss Zach a whole bunch it sucks that me and him havent talked for a while but I know that he is my friend and I love him.  well goodbye to all and I love you. Daniel Thunder
1	Your hand in mine, I stare into your dark brown eyes and I see my reflection and I wonder if you are thinking the same that I am, that I could stare into your eyes for hours and just fall asleep next to you and wake up and still be as happy as I was when I feel asleep. That I feel like I am full of life, like I just eaten a huge thanksgiving meal. I sometimes wonder if this full feeling with ever leave, but then I realize that I need to live in the now, and not the past or future.
1	i'm leaving for a few days. detroit is suffocating me. where i will end up will be left to: eenie, meenie, miney, moe, catch a tiger by his toe. if he hollers let him go, eenie, meenie, miney, moe.
0	Today was intresting yes very intresting....and it was a civ day..-grins- and OMG lol....some people i knows was looking pretty damn fine -cough crystal cough..drools- LMAO.......Enough fun, Im thinking of..shorting my Computer time....alot.......Steph.just logged on me -crys- YOU KNOW I LOVE YOU STEPH, its just joking around....please come back........
1	I haven't done this in quite a while...  I had a better-than-fantastic night with my friends at Sharis.  I got to spend time with my boyfriend. :D:D That was.....yay.  It was so nice to relax and not worry about anything.  Not to mention, time didn't move as quickly as it usually does...it almost felt like time was stopping or slowing down.  It was be-utiful.  I hope to see them again tonight!  I'd better go now.  I hope your days go well all of you.    "There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness."  -Friedrich Nietzsche
1	Well I decided to pick up an application at ALDO today before work, and am going to return it tomorrow after work... I really hope that i get this job!
1	I am still alive. Poor but alive. I moved on my own and I only have a phone and electricity. Andrew has my number it would be really cool if someone would call me and say some sort of salutations.  I garantee I love you all and have a great over hyped hallmark kind of holiday. I am a very happy person
0	Man I hate dreams sometimes.  It was a  good  dream for once, but the thing is... it wasn't real :| Something I've been really hoping for, for a couple of days now, which hasn't happened, and likely won't in real life. Funny thing was, part way through the dream, I realised it was just a dream, and hadn't happened in real life... but some how my "dream self" managed to convince me this was so good, it  must  have happened.  Then I woke up, and went to check. And nope, it hasn't. Kind of disappointing, but then... really, it's not going to change anything.   Again, nothing much has really happened since my last update. Nothing I'd say is worthy of being written about, anyway. My emotional crap goes elsewhere, generally. Although it doesn't seem many people know where that is, or.. want to, for that case. LOLOLOLLOLOL0LFHFHGU
1	I finally  updated my website  (just the oekaki section).. (I logged onto aim!) and I redid my  lj layout , so now it's err.. supposed to be firey like my lj icon, which finally includes some of my artwork!
0	      Feel the warm wind touch me, Hear the waters crashing.  See my windows wiping clean, It's my recurring dream.      SAFE JOURNEY, PAUL
0	today is that day where I switch my journal.  The username is drwninhisdreams.  Add it guys...
1	So, I've just had the most amazing class.  In Creative Writing, we decided to go outside, and it was so much fun.  We went to this big concrete circle by the car lot, and, after wondering what it use to be, we all just sat around, watching Everett, Jamie, and Nicky play around, and then I took a nap.  It was wonderful.  I'm so excited about prom.  I just hope it turns out good.  24 days!
1	I had the best day I have had in ages. Today was a turning point for me. No more bad feelings and thought. I'm in total control because I have let go. I'm going to make myself a martial artist, I'm going to get taller, and be one successful son of a bitch. Just wait and see.
1	I was just thinking about this today... How people dissapear And you miss those people.. You never hear from them again.. But you miss their company.. yeah. Kay Thanks Bye &lt;3 ~V~
1	Hi, This is just a reminder that you guys now have a little over 2 weeks to get your submissions in for the TERYL BIRTHDAY BOOK.   Full details are available on this website:    Click here    Thank you to all who have contributed so far- we've not had time to email you all back individually but all messages and photos are great- I'm going to reply to them today so you know we received the messages/photos sent. :)   Construction on the book is beginning, but without messages it really won't be half as impressive! So please get your messages in.   Meesh and Wendy
0	it's been a bad day.  not really bad, so much as... i don't know.  i just... it's so frustrating to want something i can't have. so frustrating. probably a good life lesson, but it hurts and it's so fucking hard...  damn, everything's fucked up.
1	I am so happy because my mom and dad got their Dinning table set and my mom got her China cabinet. I am so happy for my mom and dad. It looks like it took up the whole room and the dinning table is big. If you know what I mean. When I am done with this computer, I am going to go into my room and play the sims 2 game and I am going to try to get my girl to marry a boy from the neighborhood. My girl knew a boy from the neighborhhood and they were talking to eachother and I was saving it but it took a long time to save it so I turned off my computer and now she has to meet somebody else. I hate it when that happens. I am so excited for my mom and dad. I can't believe that Christmas is almost here and I am already done with my Christmas shopping. I am so happy that Christams is just around the corner.
1	      Hehehe here's my precious anime collection. (cept for my lil sis'&nbsp; 'His and Her Circumstances'&nbsp; in the middle lol) one of the many thins i love to do is jus chill and watch anime for artistic purposes or jus to enjoy a good story. Here's the list&nbsp;(W/o Vampire Hunter D Collection, hehe my boss has it)    From Left to right:    --Outlaw Star    --X    --Cowboy Bebop    --Argento Soma    --Samurai Deeper    --Scryed    --Trigun    --His and her Circumstance (Sister's)    --Rahxephon    --Next 3--Yu Yu Halusho box 1-3 (1-78)    --Record of Lodoss Wars    --Next 2--Rurouni Kenshin box 1-2    --Samurai X Complete OVA    --Next 3-Trust&amp;Betrayal, Reflection, SXMovie    --FLCL    --Cowboy Bebop Movie    --2 on top: Kenshin Set Metal Box &amp; Reg Box 
0	Day One of current evil plan to take over the world and snag Draco on the way:  Bitter failure.
1	This is going to be the first of two entries.  Shocking, no?  These are pictures of a Lakota flutist (not, apparently, a flautist) that I saw perform at my school a few weeks ago.  He was very good.  The flute he is playing in most of these pictures is called a drone flute.  He blows into one place but the air goes through both flutes.  One of them he fingers and one of them is solid, so it plays the base note.  It creates a droning effect, hence the name.  Very cool.                  
0	El JaY duz suk no becuz i nevah got da coopun frum muh invyte cod. no emale 4 muh. sew no i no b rych.
1	k, i'm married now. W00T. the wedding itself is sort of a blur. i was focusing really hard on not messing up. i remember pacing back and forth before the wedding and being nervous, and i remember the honeymoon part afterwards... (i only died once getting there, lol) yeah. the honeymoon was hot. but i didn't take pics, so stop asking, pervs. lol. then there was a DB party... but halfway through the server had a reboot, and now no one can log back in, so... it was fun. and i'm offically Az's virtual woman now. works for me.
0	Blake is EVIL!he broke up with me.. im actually not sad. 2day was a very funny day..blake sent his minions do his dirty work.. how un-manly like.. what a fag.. and in this case it doent mean "bundle of sticks" it means hes a fag. ok so if u want the whole story leave a comment.. i have things to do that dont include u.  ha! i know matts new sn! heh heh heh..
1	Things are starting to look up for me.... I moved in to a new house and have a new car.... I feel great cause there are no men in my life.... Yeah, that means all my money gets spent on me and no one else.... Yeah, Yeah, Yeah!!!!!  Anyways I hope everyone elses day has been going good so far I just so happen to be at work right now.... I feel like I work so much that I'm not even at home so that I guess is good....  well gotta run y'all have a good night......
1	Why isn't Taylor online anymore? Like ever????? Well her bday is Nov 1st...yay Happy early birthday girl! And I'm skipping school tomorrow and coming to the city for the weekend. I miss u guys  So much drama with school and parents lately. My grades suck, and my mom won't get off my fucking back about it. whatever  xoxo
1	*stares at his hand in amazement and leans back in  bed grinning* wow thats all i can really say.  Im getting married!  I didnt even think we were officially dating and last night Chris took me into the living room and he was looking all nervous and stuff and  he got down on one  knee and proposed and I swear i thought i was going to pass out.  For once in my life things seemed right.  *grins softly* OKay dont expect a wedding date no time soon we are still gonna take it slow.  But just  knowing im Christopher Irvines fiance is the best feeling in the world.  Jeffrey Nero Irvine..... I like the sound of that!  *crawls back into chris's arm and  turns the laptop off*
0	   1/9/05  grey overcast morn only a few shades brighter: a parking lot light    The spring semester begins next Tuesday. I'm really not looking foreward to it. 
1	i like kelly sharp alot alot alot alot alot alot alot!     No eden i wont buy a dog off of you your take you make and ermas thing
1	Haha!  Well, I finally did it yesterday.  I got my mohawk.  It's quite the sweetness if I do say so mahself.  I'll post pics as soon as I get them developed.  I got my hands on three of the songs from 38th Parallel's unreleased album,  Funeral For A Myth .  They're quite the sweetness, too.  However, according to the guy who gave them to me, the band only went through the songs once and never mastered them, so the quality isn't that great.  But they're still great songs.  (For those of you who don't know,  Funeral For A Myth  is the album 38th were working on when they parted ways.)  I was gonna say something else, but I completely forgot what it was.  Oh well.
1	    This puppets were handmade with love by       malmostosa    (also check       filoillogico    for some more of her amazing work) who was inspired by   Bruttavita   and made a little Bruttavita family  and then gave them to us, so that we can use them for next year's issue. Aren't they totally cool?
1	my apartment rocks.   my job sucks.  and i'm in love.    life...is good.
0	 Move aside, I'm choking on this life    Sometimes I feel so out of time and place, trapped in a maze As if I was lost in someone else's life... The values I should keep in high regard don't mean a thing to me [...] I'll never have a chance, I can't understand I'm a misplaced man How could this backward land Learn to understand my dance? What it's like, when  Every single moment pains me... Never felt like home here I am missing something My soul's in a wrong shell? 
0	Rutherford, my newest percula clown is dead. I came home during lunch and saw him, he was almost all white, and kind of swimming fast but then he'd float around and bounce off of things like he was dead. It was really sad to watch. Then he just kinda fell to the bottom, upside down.   =(
0	his guitar tone was so heavy like on the song *this love* when he was just palm mutting on open a 1 and 2 it was so frickin heavy and he could tear it up on the guitar he was a guitar god VULGAR DISPLAY OF POWER FOREVER!!!!! god rest your soul man aleast he died doing 1 minute into his song of what he loved and when i find out where that guy that shot him was buried im gonna go piss on his grave and shatter his tomb stone
0	My life officially has no meaning:  Mitch Hedberg is dead *cries*
1	I got it I got it I got it!! Wohoo! Finally after all these months of dreaming about those long sweaters (sweater dusters or something?) and I mean  literally  dreaming about them I got one! And it's black and it's not too thick so I can wear it even in the spring! Whoo! I am so excited! And I got a grrrreat deal for it too! It's originally for $45 or something and I got it for $19! And, I got one of those shirts I'd always wanted too! Those button down 3/4 sleeve shirts! It's this really pretty dark blue! Wohoo!   Quote: "When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different.  You know that your name is safe in their mouth." ~ Billy, age 4
1	CONGRATULATIONS TO MR. (and the future) MRS. GUBERDEX!!!      Sorry, if I broke the news to soon Dick, but I'm just too excited about it. I'm so happy for you guys. It's awesome!!
0	Pope John Paul II, one of the longest serving pontiffs in history, has died at the age of 84. He died on Saturday evening following a series of worsening health problems including heart failure. The Polish-born Karol Wojtyla became Pope in 1978, taking a conservative stand on issues such as abortion, contraception and women's rights.  Read more here.   Rest well, and thank you. May the light of thousands of candles -- not just my own, burning here -- bring your soul safely into the arms of your Lord.
1	Had the best dream the other night.  The WitchKing of Angmar had been killed and they were holding auditions to see who'd get the ring that he'd had and I was up there as one of the main candidates to become the new Ringwraith. The best bit was that I had to do a riding test on a Fell Beast and I was doing dives from the top of the towers of Minas Morgul and Barad-dur and swooping between them. Seriously, riding a Fell Beast is FANTASTIC. Just the most amazing dizzying swoops straight down to the ground where I had to catch something (or do tentpegging, the details were unclear) and then rocketing back up to the top of the other tower.  Most awesome dream. I think I got the job, too, which was great. Got to wear the robes and everything.  Thankfully the squeeze is used to me by now and just raised an eyebrow when I was so excited about winning a contest to be the really evillest dudette and didn't run away screaming.  A
1	I have fat channels.&nbsp;  My cs514 project used to have thin communication channels, which could only hold one packet in transit at a time.&nbsp; Now, the channels are fat, and hold many packets.&nbsp; This is a big chunk of what I wanted to accomplish in this phase.&nbsp;     You cannot Pass    And another funny one 
0	The biggest conflict within my family would have to be when my wife Sha're appeared on Abydos pregnant by the father of the System Lord, Apophis.  The demon inside her would lie dormant until the baby was born.  I was there for the birth of the baby and she was right.  Ammonet came forth again, taking over my beloved.  I wanted to take the baby back to Earth with me and give him a home and protection, but I knew I couldn't.  He was safer with Kasuf, hidden away on Abydos.   I miss Shifu.  I wonder if I'll see him again.  I miss Sha're.  It's been five years, you'd think I'd be over the loss by now.  But no, I miss her laugh, her smile, the way her lips touch mine when I kiss her.  The way she said my name...
1	I’ve had a bit of time to think in the last few day’s and it has come to my attention that I have an amazing group of friends out there who have shown me nothing but caring and respect in the last few months.   Thank you.
1	   I got my copies of the book this morning...woohoo!  now go buy the thing! :-)   www.canalstreetcar.com/book.html   Or local bookstores--they should be getting it this week.
1	Found this on another site.  Your supposed to answer this survey putting in your answers in a google image search, then pick one of the pictures.    Your first car.   (Green Wrangler '97)       Where you grew up.       Where you live now.       Your Name.       Your Grandmother's Name.       Favorite Food.       Favorite Drink.   (hot chocolate)       Favorite Song.   ("Love Song" done by 311 or The Cure. It's also our wedding song.)         Favorite Smell.       Favorite Pair of Shoes.       First Pet.   (Vanessa, she live to 17. Very angry cat.)       Pet Peeve.       Your Hairstyle.   (Well somewhat...)       Least Favorite Smell.   (yucko garbage)       Something from your last dream.   (ex boyfriends keep showing up)       Your nickname.   (chim chim)         Your Favorite Color.   (pink)       Your Fear.   (Being unhappy on the wedding day and crying in front of EVERYONE I know.)       Your Career.   (receptionist)       Your Favorite Hobby.   (art)     
1	I'm going on a cruise to the bahamas on sunday. im kind of excited. ive never been on a cruise or to the bahamas so its something different to look forward to. of course (this goes without saying) i will truly miss my sista of all sistas!! i know i wont have that much fun since shes wont be there. sis i will call you though and be home just in time for the BIG 2-1!!i can not believe how she has grown! :)    so i am in my hometown of Brooklyn now. i went shopping yesterday and saw most of my family today. i have a nasty ass rash on my back that i really hope goes away. i think its egsima. oh well, i could have worse things in life.     i guess thats about it for now. i come back on friday and the festividies begin saturday night. im es cited! i dropped my phone today and the cover fell off and the buttons went flying so now i have to put a new cover on and i really liked that one. dang it!    see you all when i get back, hopefully i'll be a tanner Jennafa!
0	im in the middle of packing for the Boston Regional! lol we leave tomarrow !!   Everthing just decides to go wrong all at once! Rah!   J&gt;S&gt;P&gt;  im gonna miss you so much!! :'-(   i love you forever and always !! &lt;3 i'll always be here for u as u have been there for me .  I &lt;3 you big bro!     ** stella **     * :-) 's *    (( just believe us ))
1	Hi, can I request a moving Anthony Kiedis icon?       http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 124/Sasukle/av7.jpg   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 124/Sasukle/akav.jpg   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 124/Sasukle/av15.jpg   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 124/Sasukle/av16.jpg   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 124/Sasukle/avak11.jpg   Thanks!
1	Daddy Mark coming home!! *gets excited* Momma!! Momma!! Daddy Mark coming home!! And he bringing my birthday gift too Momma!! We go to airs-ports now Momma *grabs keys* We go get Daddy Mark!!
1	It is a truth universally acknowledged that a fangirl in admiration of an show must be in want of a big-screen movie.  In conclusion, Joss Whedon, will you please  marry me?   After all, I hail from Utah, where polygamy was  invented for just this sort of thing  legal.  Once.  P.S.  George Lucas, please note that I take no leave of you.  I send no compliments to your movie.  I am most seriously displeased.   Titanic  in  space? 
1	So, at work they've given us the option of creating our own online store to try out the various tools that are available to customers, and to come up with new ideas for marketing and site design.  There was no cost to me, yet if I can make it work, I get profit!    If you're looking to buy software, help me out!  My online store is here:   http://oddsoft.mainstreetstores.com/   Thanks!
1	No time to write much...kittens crawling all over me.  Manics were great...but no encore? What the F? Foo Fighters are coming to my town....down the road!  Radio 1 are doing a festival in a park near where I live.  I nearly fell off the sofa covered in kittens lol.
1	 http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/7082140/   "Chimps Escape, attack staff at Calif. Sanctuary."     Wow. And people wonder why I don't like zoos. Actually I don't like zoos for a whole different reason, but obviously the monkeys aren't liking it either. I wonder if Ms Seely has nightmares about this happening in a school setting, replacing chimps with students. (The potential for a great joke is there, but I think I will be nice and resist.)  And with two upcoming field trips, I feel like I have won the lottery. Or at least a get out of school pass. So hoorah for this, I miss having yearly fieldtrips and it gives me something to look forward to in school. (especially since they keep taking away our half days. I say boo to that.)
1	Well, it's FINALLY made it's way to the US, and we're going to watch it on Wednesday. If you don't know what I'm talking about, I'm talking about Katsuhiro Otomo's new masterpiece, Steamboy! Sadly, I feel sorry for the the people who have to see the english dub, CUZ THEY CUT OUT 20 MINUTES OF THE MOVIE! Sucks to be you guys! And, only 4 select theaters got the original 126 minute japanese version with english subtitles, and that's what we're going to see. HURRAY!  I actually have NO idea what this movie is about, but, I'm hoping it's nothing less than spectacular.
1	Well this was probably the best weekend of my life!!!!!!!!! Mine and Howard's 1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY was yesterday and I spent all day with my baby!!Oh he is so great, and he makes me sooo incredibly happy! Well thats about all I have to say! oh heres something I stole from brandi's journal  Ask me Any 4 questions, no matter how personal, private or random. I have to answer them honestly. I have to answer them all. I MIGHT not answer them publicly, though. In turn, you post this message in your own journal and you have to answer the questions that are asked of you.
1	Retouched and rescanned this, primarily for Cass, who seems to get good use out of it.  Now it's not four times its actually size and will (hopefully) resize better for iconage.          From the  Beautiful  Counterpoint.  Loving portrait of my Sister.
0	Hi people I just wanted to say I'm leaving LiveJournal.. I'm going to leave up my old posts and stuff..but I'm just getting fed up with a lot of stuff on here. I'll probably come back every now and then to comment and stuff...but until then, you can either visit my Xanga..(which you will have to ask me about first) or IM me if you really want to talk. its not like anyone really cares, BUUUT... yeah. Don't expect any more posts on here from me.   Sayonara ~'*'~dUCky $@/\/\@~'*'~
0	1) I found out tonight that Chris Wildig applied to Sheridan's animation program and didn't get in. You don't know Chris Wildig, but I do. And basically, what this bit of news means to me is that I don't stand a fucking chance of getting in. I just know what my email from Sheridan is gonna say next week.  2) My parents have talked me into not getting a second job. Instead I'm going to work with my dad's lawn scaping business. By taking over the majority of his lawn mowing, I open him up to do other jobs, like painting etc. which means he can get more customers, and so he'll be able to give me more money. Plus, its excercise that I badly need. This will begin in May or so.  3) Holy Fuck.  This is is like the coolest news I've heard in years. 4) Click here  to see the picture I drew while listening to "Pierce Me" by the Planet Smashers.
1	We signed a lease today and the moped shop will be opening downtown this spring. I’m super excited about this place. Keys tomorrow, and pictures.   The Sunday ride was still 4 strong last weekend. Dubbed “operation winter thrift” it was a success, we rode to 5 thrift shops, only the last one on stadium was open. No one bought anything, but we all had cold, cold fun.    
1	What has been done this weekend then?  Made ~30 pints of brown ale, gonna be ready in a couple of weeks and I'm looking forward to this one. Dressed up as a Ninja Pirate. Got some of the best skiing I've ever had in Scotland done, the wind was pretty harsh, visability came and went, but when the sun was out it was ace. Loads of snow.  Just need to get down to work and get all this coursework finished off.
0	This show is going to break my heart.  Watching these men cry after they lose the fights is so incredibly hard.  I feel so bad for them.  Watching tonight's fight reminds me why I'm not a fan of boxing.  Seeing someone get beat up like that is just awful.  Tonight's winner is a loser, at least where it counts.  I understand needing to feed your kids and fighting like hell to win in order to do so.  What I don't understand is why he couldn't have just admitted that he was going to pick someone other than who had already been decided upon.  If he couldn't before the competition, he could have after.  He outright lied to his team, right to their faces.  That's just not something I can respect.  He deserves to lose the next time he fights.
1	I passed exam with best professor in history with mark 1.3 (for comparision: 1.0 is best, 5.0 is failed). Professor grew beard which shocked me slightly but I got used to it soon and liked him as well as ever after 5 minutes.
0	There are many good concerts coming up and i can't go to any of them because of activities i'm involved with.     Sucks.    It's not a bad day. Bad time.
1	yea so the weekend was crazzy...friday austins rents left for the week...yea... so all the guys went into boston and we had a GREAT time, then we all went back and slept over austins...mmmm.... then got together with nikki saturday, went out w/her, her rents(haha random)and emmy. it was a good time of course! THEN had a bunch of ppl over for the patriots game, that was incredible, and im satisfied with yet another superbowl win by the pats...spring training for the sox starts in about less than 2 weeks.   i have a headache right now, but im in too much of a good mood to let it bother me (although im at work). dodgeball tonight, then possibly sleeping over austins and repeat friday night w/kris and austin, but at the patriots parade tuesday. but i dunno, gotta figure things out.  you know how we do...before you know it, it'll be friday....before you know it we will all be grown up and look back on these fun times as a youth.                                              vic
1	Ste taught me how to cut lemons and limes properly.  Off the list....  #6
1	  because there's more than one cure for the wintertime blues.    Saw Sage Francis with Elise, Tyler, and Sam.  Sam and Elise spent most of the evening up in the bar area, and I spent it down on the floor.  Tyler was about half and half.  Missed Medida.  Missed Jared Paul.  Missed the start of the surprise act for the evening -- fucking Atmosphere.  Caught the end of it.  That rock rendition of  Shrapnel  deserves to go platinum.  Sage was really cool, and it takes real balls to take the First Avenue stage after Slug and his new band.   I can now enjoy going to shows alone, though.  That's a great thing that happened this evening.
1	TM Arwen is staying around for a while longer until the new game is up and running.  Still getting her out of the thrall of the ring - rescue plan apparently being formulated tonight.  She also reminded me that she has plans involving a certain rock guitarist and an Ithilien ranger, who are currently sleeping naked on the banks of a stream somewhere in TM land!
0	Ok so i rose out of the ashes and im fine.  Today work was slow and I was told that yesturday was the worst it was ever going to get.  I have an interview tomorrow with a woman who needs a personal/artist assistant. Im working on the illustration and i think its turning out ok...will post some possible colors later. hurrah productivity!
1	Thanks to  Steve , I now have a copy of Full House: Season 1 on DVD.  It's about freakin' time they put it on DVD, and I am happy.  I am also a dork, but we'll overlook that fact. :oP
0	So, it comes down to this. I got a 77.5 on my science test. I reviewed in class, went to an afterschool review, and review with my sister (the resident physics mistress) for two hours.   And I got a 77.5- what does THAT say?  I must have some type of mental learning block, because, obviously the test couldn't have been THAT hard. Lucy got an 80. So why the 77.5?  Because I'm FUCKING STUPID. That's the truth. I AM ALL BUT FAILING OUT OF SCHOOL. WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON WITH MY LIFE? I JUST CAN'T DEAL WITH THIS ANYMORE.  What is happening, here? Why is my life going DOWN? I don't know. You tell me.   And don't comment on this entry with things like "I don't think your stupid." or "I did worse on the test..." or notes of "We love you." This is not open for discussion. All commments of the sort with be met with open hostility. I will call you pretentious for attempting to change my mind. Don't try it.   Just LEAVE ME ALONE. I HATE YOU ALL.
1	So I had my first solo tonight.  And I almost peed myself.   Everyone said that I did well, but i don't know.  I've done better.  Aaron kicked some ass though.  I am so proud of him!!!!!!!  Kyle and I went to TCBY for his birfday.    But I gotta go home soon.   More later.    HAPPY 20TH BIRTHDAY, KYLE LEWIS PALLASCH!!!!!!!
1	I finally got my scraggle of a mane cut today.  My stylist reminded me I hadn't been in since March and trust me, I think my hair looked it.  So, no more two-tone hair (blonde at the bottom, natural darkish on the top) and bad ends!!  WooHOO!!  Kept the blonde but added copper highlights to it.  It turned out WAY cool and it's back to the shoulder length I prefer.  Must NOT go that long next time....
1	Siju and I spent our lunch break holding boards for each other.  We broke a whole bunch each.  He was very excited.. it was one of the things he'd been worried about, with the upcoming testing.  I'm glad we could work through that. We're probably going to practise forms tomorrow morning together.  I love having friends in the same TKD class as me.  In other news: I think i'm in big trouble now. :]   A girl actually said Yes to having coffee with me some time. (Yikes!  Holy Crap!  I'm not ready for this!  Yeeep!)  Brings to my mind the question: What part of myself am I putting forward?  Before, i was such a fake.  The real me never showed up.  The real me has never had much use for exposing itself to other people.  It is totally shy and quiet until you get to know it.   And unlike some folks.. i'm not gifted with the gift of gab and societical analysis with which they can interface with other humans.   I guess i'll just go find out who this person is. no big deal. Not anymore.
1	for all you wonderful admirers of my comic (or those who read it out of pity of me) listen up.  In the past if you were not able to get yourself a copy of newspaper on a regular basis you were relagated to trying to read the unbelievably small strip online.  Those days are now over.  The cardinal's comics page has been completely redone, complete with very readable strips.  On top of all that, there are archived strips.  You can read and enjoy every strip I;ve done thus far this semester (sorry, there's nothing from last semester but let's face it, those sucked).  So go right now to the daily cardinals website (www.dailycardinal.com for those of you keeping score) and read the joy that is "Apathetic And Unambitious".
1	I've been made prefect!  I can't believe it. Well, I guess I can, actually. I'd have been rather surprised if I  hadn't  been, if I am to be perfectly honest, but that's what you're meant to say, isn't it. And the other Prefect is— Actually, I suppose I should let  him  tell everything that, not me. It's his news after all.  Needless to say, I'm rather excited by the whole thing. I've always wanted to be a prefect, and my parents are very proud.  I guess this is a sign to me that I should be concentrating on things like school work and SPEW, rather than my own silly emotions.
0	you are all such ugly people.  scorn.  scorn.  and  i mean it.  you should read vonneguts breakfast of champions.  it teaches the morons that people do things for reasons you have no idea about.  things they hide... like cross dressing for example.  you all offend me and the people i love.  also i hate most people.  this is all on downers.  so i must really mean it.  by the way give me more downers.  today is the day.  i fell asleep sobbing on a pile of clean towels.  shaking.  and you ruined my 26 nights ago.  fuck you.  yes i am cryptic.  you'll never get it.  thank you justin marquis for making this day better by putting it into words eloquently that we are always affected by the living and the dead.  i will never be the same because of him.  "the children that laugh at yr paintings laugh because of yr brother"  that would be a good book title.   also i had a dream that micah gave me a harmonica but the screws needed to be put back in.  and i was in a tattered formal dress.
1	Ladies!! There's an Angel's IPEX!  And it's cute too!!  And oh my goodness, it's available in A'cups too!!!  I just saw it in the catalog.  I'm rather excited.   It would be rather nice if we got a free one....  Just a hint.. JUST A HINT!  *smirks*
0	i just watched the notebook and it was really good... and i cried! you all have to see it!!!
0	I went to my counselor today. Shes mad at me... but hey alot of people are mad at me so what does it matter.  Steve wants to give back the lighter i gave him. well i guess thats fine, but a gift is a gift! oh well its pretty! Any who... I want to tell him! i just want to spill it all out and tell him... but i will keep my mouth shut... he doesn't want to talk or be friends so i guess we wont talk. but he has no idea! Hi Tammie! how are you? yay... i will write you back since you wrote me.
0	I know it's old and cliche, but I really need a hug right now.
1	We're going to visit my brother in South Carolina and see his newly-built soon-to-be-opened tennis center. I'm so ready for this break! Work's great, but my brain needs time off. Off to four days of R&R...
0	Perhaps. It is, after all, the story of my life. *sigh*
1	Hopefully I won't jinx myself with this post, but a project I've been working on (off and on) for about 2 years is finally going to happen. YAY!  When I inherited the websites from my predecessor at work, they were all done using Frontpage. FP's not up to the task. I've been working on porting it into a content management system that is better suited for managing the site. There have been far too many cooks in this kitchen. This should have only taken 2-3 months. Instead, with all the meetings and whatnot, it has dragged out for 2 years. O.O  They finally signed off on it yesterday. I've spent most of yesterday and today doing the last of the prep work and I should be ready to launch it on Monday.   I'm going to keep my office locked and phone on "Do Not Disturb" all day tomorrow and Monday. This  IS  going to happen.
1	I finally got a warranty replacement  All-In-Wonder 9800 Pro  from ATI to replace the  one that broke back in January .    Just in time for me to start recording episodes of  The Shield  for       redvector   .
0	Now you know I want to love you But do you know what love is dear? Is that feeling deep inside of us That can make those dark clouds disappear  Yesterday it was first a pasture Where we would go to romp and play But now you are here beside me In a much more loving way  Do you really love me And how can I be sure Will the Lord let me still hold you And how may our love endure  How can we describe our love If in our hearts it doesn't show Would you know I really love you If I hadn't told you so.  Love is a Gift of God's creation In that somber place where spirits dwell That nurtures hearts that need forgiving Then lets them grow till they got well.
1	Today was good. We went on a feild trip at school, sure it was curling, which sucked, I fell about fifty times, but after wards we went to the Dairy Queen! If was great, I had a mocha Mootlate, fries, and a yummy crispy chicken burgar. Mmm...chicken. Right now I'm imagining some dumb PETA teeny bopper chick attacking me for liking chicken. Oh well, screw you If you don't want it, I shouldn't waste it. *Sigh* some of us got a little distracted by the vending machines, We went after other people with little plastic water guns, and those sticky things. It was fun!  http://onemorelevel.com/games/interacti vebuddy.html  That is the best game ever. i lit the little creature on fire and laughed manically while he ran around. I tried to put him out, but he wouldn't stay still long enough. The computer is slowly reloading, and trust me, I mean slowly. Dammit! I wanna play the buddy beating game!
1	I thought I'd update, seeing as it's been about, a month or so.  I have kick ass Van Halen seats.  A31 Row 8 seats 2-7.  I wonder who has seat 1?  Hopefully some hot chick, and not a 40 year old man with a mullet and a mustache.  Cross country is the greatest sport ever.  I ran a 17:33 yesterday and I'm definately happy with that.  Plus, having Robert Beach as an assistant coach is a lot of fun.  I'm still looking for a date to homecoming, but I might have someone I might ask.  I don't know for sure, but if I do ask her, it'll be by Friday.  So, someone should tell me a "cute" way to ask her instead of saying "You go to homecoming with me now."  I think that J. Geils Band is the best thing since sliced bread.  The Brown Dimes are going to turn the Mahomet world of rock and roll upside down.
0	i undoubtedly failed my physics test today because i had no idea what in hell i was doing. im so screwed.
0	I have Wednesday Off and nothing to do ....I am a boner!
1	Because when my computer crashed, I lost a LOT of good music. Crap. The devastation is so deep that I can't even express it in words.  BUT it's cool, because I get to see my darling pudding face on Valentines Day! The fact that it's Valentine's Day actually has little to do with it, except that this is a good time and it just happens to fall on the 14th. But I'm excited to see him, even though it will only be for 2 days.  Before I leave tomorrow, though, I'm going to stick a few more applications into the atmosphere, even though THERE'S NO POINT.  I love you all with every ounce of my heart. 10-4, over and out.
1	I have got a car and at less than i thoght! ok its not as big as a van but hey its better than i had hoped and things can be worse and as a starter car its good Im happy. Now I just need somewear to play rock music verry verry loud. well ill probably end up in a mid terrace 1bedroom costing me half my life but hey in 15 years it may regain its value and ill beable to move somewear better. but i have a car now so the rest will fall in place slowly but it will happen.
1	I'm going to Japan with the family in August.  Someone  needs to help me get to working Japanese before then. :P
0	         Your Brain is 33.33% Female, 66.67% Male            You have a total boy brain  Logical and detailed, you tend to look at the facts  And while your emotions do sway you sometimes...  You never like to get feelings too involved         What Gender Is Your Brain?   
0	This day and age we're living in  Gives cause for apprehension  With speed and new invention  And things like fourth dimension  Yet we get a trifle weary  With Mr. Einstein's theory  So we must get down to earth at times  Relax relieve the tension  And no matter what the progress  Or what may yet be proved  The simple facts of life are such  They cannot be removed  You must remember this  A kiss is still a kiss, a sigh is just a sigh  The fundamental things apply  As time goes by  And when two lovers woo  They still say, "I love you"  On that you can rely  No matter what the future brings  As time goes by  Moonlight and love songs  Never out of date  Hearts full of passion  Jealousy and hate  Woman needs man  And man must have his mate  That no one can deny  Well, it's still the same old story  A fight for love and glory  A case of do or die  The world will always welcome lovers  As time goes by  Oh yes, the world will always welcome lovers  As time goes by
1	Months ago, at around 3am and driven by desperation, I chucked my resume out to almost every entertainment venue in Sydney I could google. While I did recieve responses from some, most employers weren't really looking for anyone.  About an hour ago I got a call from  The Comedy Store  at Fox Studios, wanting me to be a ticket-seller and a bar wench.   YEAH!!!  I've never actually done bar work before, so I guess I need to get me an RSA quick smart (first shift is on the 16th). Really hope I don't freak out and curl into a ball and cry everytime someone asks me for a burbon and coke. ;)  I think this job will be heaps of fun... and the bar looks very sexy.    
0	 Time: 10:26 PST  Results to Date:        Candidate    Vote    Vote %    Electoral      BUSH   48,841,796  51%  249     KERRY   45,500,137  48%  196     NADER   337,323  1%  0     Say goodnight, Gracie.  The reasonable people have left the building, and the lunatics are now running the asylum.  Goodbye  Roe Vs. Wade , equal rights under the Constitution for gay couples, and prosperous international relations.  Hello four more years of warmongering in the name of a nebulous "war vs. terror."  You want a "war vs. terror?"  Look at our own country.  That's a lot of scared people, right there.  Jefferson was right - people get the government they deserve. 
0	Im sad right now. It was a shitty day and it got even worse. I wanted to be with people at the carnival, it would of been a lot of fun. My mom wont let me use my car and it's bs. I feel so depressed and down today like I could kill myself. I hope tomorrow is a lot better to make up for these past two days of crappiness because I know this will only last tell the end of spring break before I am hurt yet again...but it's definitely worth it.  Jared Jackson
0	tonight is the night of junior prom.   im home.   friends went to the mall.   and im at home.   jess went to the autoshop teacher's funeral.   and im at home.   raj is stuck with mountains of work.   and im at home.   anna's having fun with a "friend" in dc.   and im at home.   dave's goin to the matrix tonight.   and im at home.   i went to the mall to return curtains today.   now im at home.   went to boring church.   now im home.  i was goin to go to the prom.   but instead im at home.   i might go to anns, who knows.   but right now im at home.   its raining outside.   im still at home.   parents are going to blockbuster to rent a movie.   which leaves me at home.   al's working.   and im at home.   it seems like the world is working miracles.  and im at home.
1	i feel like i may be falling for hard and fast for him...this changes everything...i cant decided if i should tell him or not cause high schools almost over...oh my what have i gotten myself into... on another note things in my life couldnt be better...i love all of my friends (and their others), harry potter comes out in about two weeks, and high school is alomost over...life took a nice little turn from shit to amazing...score! love always, deborah, smeb, and fuzzy pluot
0	Rick Mahler died today.  Don't go beating yourself up if you haven't heard of him.  Most baseball fans haven't even heard of him.  In my mind, he was never really what you'd call a star, averaging about 7.5 Wins a year as a pitcher.  He was just one of those guys you got on your team or in your baseball cards that was merely "colorful".  In 13 years he was around just enough to frequently cross one's path, like a neighbor on the front lawn each spring and summer.  Still, I'll miss him.  If only because he reminded me of what a baseball player is.  Just some guy, trying to go out there and get paid every summer.  Not a superstar, not a shoe commercial or any ad campaign at all.  Just a guy with an arm trying to grasp hold of the game he loved when he was a kid, too.    He was 51.
0	It's hard to find anything happy about the holidays or the new year coming up when you don't have any friends to share it with. There's a big difference between talking to someone online and having a friend you can actually see. The only thing I get to look forward to in the new year is that I'll have two friends I can visit in irl instead of just one that I don't see much.... I hate my life and everything in it. I guess it could be worse like not having anything to do on new years eve. Just makes me sad at how much you can loose in one month and how fast things can change....
0	I'm alive im just t busy or dont feel like updating...  Jesse makes me feel like dancing because hes so beautiful and kind. I love him so much. I would take pedals off a million flowers and then throw then upon him everyday.    End.
1	Attention, Attention, all Anne Bishop fans, attention!  Anne Bishop will be signing at the Galaxy bookshop at 5pm on Wednesday 8th June!  We need to organise a group of fanbois and grrrls.  Who will come?  (Kinda X-posted to       anne_bishop_fan   )  =^..^=
0	shes just a dog, but its killing me. i cant take it.  i need comfort
1	Ack, in addition to the previously mentioned auditions, I ALSO just found out that there are auditions for an  outdoor musical theatre group in Oakland ...THIS WEEKEND. They are doing Oklahoma!, Hello Dolly!, and Jesus Christ Superstar! Darn, it's too bad JCS doesn't have an ! in it's title like the other two...fortunately I can put it at the end of the sentence and say it excitedly.  I should get my act together and figure out something to sing. I assume they'll have people auditioning for all 3 with one song, which is weird since they are such different styles. Suggestions for 32 bars halfway between JCS and Hello Dolly?
0	mY wORK...  AlL mY wORK...  *picks up Viggo-bot's head*  mY DREams haVE diED.
1	         Your Seduction Style: The Charmer                 You're a master at intimate conversation and verbal enticement. You seduce with words, by getting people to open up to you. By establishing this deep connection quickly, people feel under your power. And then you've got them exactly where you want them!         What Is Your Seduction Style?      I think it's pretty accurate. And happy Valentines Day to you.
0	It's amazing the kind of twists life can bring.  No matter how carefully you try to shape your own destiny, there are always some things that throw you off-course.  The past few days have been amazingly horrible.. even by my standards, and just like in the movies when you think it can't get any worse, it does.  Like this one time I had to go somewhere and my old car broke down so I took a bike. After going a considerable distance I got a flat.  As I sat on the sidewalk waiting for a ride a bird shat on my hand.  This is kinda like that except much, much worse.  The feeling of betrayal is probably one of the worst feelings in the world, right up there with snorting wasabi and the crush of your life getting a boyfriend before you got to say how you feel.  It's enough to drive anyone near insanity.  But then sanity is the playground of the unimaginative, isn't it?  I'll need more than imagination to get myself out of the ditch I'm in.
1	Before it grows to late I'd like to celebrate 311 day. Woo hoo! Thank goodness for this fusion of rock and reggae and hip hop. It's like little soundbites of happiness.
0	Oh God, I'm so sorry to hear.  None of the friends whose LJs I read has posted this, but I should.  I haven't read much of Eisner but he was truly a giant.   http://www.newsarama.com/pages/Eisner.h tm    "Newsarama has learned that comic legend Will Eisner died Monday evening, due to complications from heart surgery performed on December 22nd. Eisner had undergone quadruple bypass surgery, and was last reported to be recovering well.  Eisner was 87 years old, and was still actively working. His latest graphic novel, The Plot is due to be released later this year by W.W. Norton...  
1	  In lieu of sociability, I went for an evening stroll around Lake Merritt, and was rewarded by seeing the first ducklings of the season: three incredibly tiny baby ducks, swimming along behind mama duck. Sooooo cute!  Also saw a very cool long-necked heron of a type I haven't seen on the lake before, stalking through the shallows about 6 ft from the path.   And the play of light on the water as the sky darkened.   It was good.  
0	my fav lil ice cream store in houston is gone! dad's been in houston for the last 3 days and he was talking about stuff down there at dinner. so i had to ask if Dolce & Fredo was still there. he said no it was a Ben & Jerry's now. ack!!!! no bueno!!! Dolce & Fredo kicked soooo much ass! it was all italian ice cream, the best. kinda depressing that it's gone. plah
0	Gone.  No Virginia, there is no hockey this year.    The NHL officially canceled the 2004-2005 season on Wed.     Statement from Calgary Flames president    Statement from Calgary Flames owner and Chairman of the NHL Board of Governors.    NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman's statement      Hopefully not too many fans leave the sport behind when it comes back.  I for one will still be there to cheer for my team.  Hell, I might even cheer for the guppies on occasion too.  (yeah, I miss hockey, can you tell?)
1	I'm so happy to see a news article about other people with ideals similar to my own and convictions strong enough to carry them through the very tough execution of those ideals.   They returned the empty wallet     He crossed five lanes of traffic to help her 
0	 This weekend was  miserable.&nbsp; Spent most of it stressed out over family shit, a  funeral is how I wanted to spend my Sunday.&nbsp; 
1	Hey, first off I just wanna say how happy I am for the girls that finally got to meet their man, JC!!  AWESOME!!  Sorry to bring it up, but it is Lances turn to make an appearance damnit, hehe!  Anywho, I am glad I did decide to stop by the Incredibowl to just see JC and Amanda, Angie and the girls having the time of their lives!   Was very very cool!!!   It was really cool to see JC and I was kinda star struck!    Well, congrats all you girls who got to meet him!!!!!!!     Now, I am gonna go out and see if I can find me a date, hahahha, who am I kidding, hell has yet to freeze over, hehehehe.     Well, everyone have a terrific V-day weekend and much love to you all!!!!
1	    Raffle tickets for only    ONE    dollar. Winner gets   2   tickets to   NASCAR   in Fortworth (worth $170). &nbsp;           &nbsp;      Please help me. I really dont want to run.    
1	Today is just Kaylen's lucky day. I was watching MOD, right before Simple Plan came on. All of a sudden, I heard Kaylen's voice! She was not in my house-she was on TV! Well at least her phone was, anyways. She had called in to answer a question that I could not possibly not know the name of, and she got it right! So she won this funky thingy and so did this other girl because Kaylen said "64". Yes, that's right, I pay attention to details... And THEN: Amber and Kaylen, the coolest kids in the world, or at least two of them, are going to see Good Charlotte tomorrow at MUCH MUSIC!!!!!!!! How lucky are they? VERY lucky, THAT'S how. I am SO envious. Not jealous, but envious. You two are the luckiest people in the world- I think you guys should make a sign saying "Hi Leah and Elizabeth." Although I won't be offended if you don't lol. Yay!
1	  AWOOO HOOOO!              Finally got a mini teaser/trailer for one of the projects I’ve been working 26 hr days on.&nbsp;   *wipes forehead *       …no complaints though, story telling can’t be topped by anything for me!       &nbsp;       YEARH!!!!!!!       &nbsp;         www.melisacardona.com/video.html      
1	EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE OMG EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE i got my half sleeve started its all done cept for colour wich im getting on monday and all for 250$ cause tig wants me to stop going to wolfs :P there my pretty pretty vines that grow up then die off, and we even added some cloud into it, its gonna look ALOT better when its done ill post some pics monday night :D oh! and i got me a sorta for for a few weeks 8.50$ an hour doing shit yard work but hell its money! eeee im happy today          
0	I'm in a bad mood for this reason. I was erecting/repairing fencing back home this weekend and it was raining, which is fair enough, this is England. But I forgot about my tools and now they are all wet and going rusty, and I'm too lazy to dry them off individually. Bugger.
1	 Saturday, February 05, 2005                                  Can you say party weekend coming up? I think you caaaan!!!     
1	  I'm sure it's no big surprise to you that your romance is The Princess Bride. A heartwarming tale of "Twue Wuve" that has giants, Spainards and swashbuckling. You really do think that love can overcome anything. You may be a touch naive but your heart is certainly in the right place. You've probably got one of those relationships where proper nouns have been replaced with "Snookums" and "Pookie Pie". Eww. Beware a cuteness overload.      What Romance Movie Best Represents Your Love Life?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	I've been really selfish recently. I'm always thinking of myself and rarely thinking of anyone else. I need to stop that.  Also, I'm jealous when I don't have the right to be. I always see what's wrong, not what's right.  See? There I go again. Blabbing all about myself as if I'm the most important person in the world. Fuck me.
1	And many, many more!   (Now, when do we see about that spanking? :)
0	My son-in-law is dead. I know they weren't married yet, but I liked to think of him as my son-in-law already. He was such a nice young man.   Sam left him, but I'd hoped she'd see sense and go back to him eventually. She gets confused a lot, so it wasn't like she was actually leaving him forever.   Of course, I blame Jack, which is convenient since Jack blames himself as well. Selmak blames Sam, but that's Selmak for you, I guess. I really do wish George hadn't let Jack retire. I should talk to him about that though, because I don't want him to feel guilty about that or anything.
1	Hi all, started up a new comic, starring the fuzzballs, and some other creatures we haven't met before.  Read it  here .    
0	 20:43:16 nickpollard12: Hi   20:44:00 chucker23n: ...and you are?  20:44:10 nickpollard12: hi i need help with my ipb forum  20:44:28 chucker23n: heh, i don't do support, sorry  20:44:41 nickpollard12: ill do cyber im a poor ny girl   20:45:22 chucker23n: right. ;)  20:45:34 nickpollard12: will ypu   20:45:36 nickpollard12: sexy   20:45:55 chucker23n: i'm taken, sorry ;-)  20:46:06 nickpollard12: do it on the side baby   Maybe I should have done my "I'm a bisexual 29-yo girl, how about you?" thing.  Also priceless:   Matt Mecham: "Encoding source code"    If William Shakespeare was alive today, was a programmer and blogged then he may pose that question. Obviously if those conditions were true, then he'd never have written Hamlet and he'd probably be known to AIM as "bigwillyshakes".    amon-re's response:  hi 2 b or not 2 b??????? 
0	well today was ok i guess..i didn't go to school because i didn't feel well this morning..so yeah....but i went to the band concert...which was ok....my mom thinks i shouldn't have gone because i didn't go to school today so yeha...but i said mr.kisor would have killed me because i wasn't there so yeah...i am scared oh him....lol....well i don't know what i am doing this weekend...kayla wants me to go bowling but i really don't like bowling so yeah...i don't know what i am doing....i kinda wish i had a guy that would like me...it would be nice...but i doubt that would ever happen....why doesn't anyone like me...what did i do...am i not pretty enough or skinny enough i just don't know...*sighs*....yea well that is all i have to say today..oh ross looked sexy in his jazz band uniform and band uniform...*sighs*...lol...well talk to you guys later....
0	- just saw garden state +  - bored, home, alone, because everyone who ever called me their friend now hates me, and i deserve it. *  - waste of a friday night^^  +great movie which let helped me understand my own life in many ways. and made me realize how fucked my life is and how badly i need someone i love. but on the other hand made me feel really good in a way and it was really well done.  * due partly to my own ego, my lack of respect for friends feelings, jealousy, people leaving my life, and maybe SOME healthy choices. i have lost many people that i really or just thought i really cared about and appreciated. however to anyone  (HAHAHA) reading this, i do have  good friends who i have not lost. i feel dislodged.  ^^for all those reasons and more tonight is a waste of an otherwise perfect friday night, i almost want to go to sleep so it will be over and i can spend 10 hours at work tomorrow washing dishes...
1	Meme (gacked, indirectly, from       tjej   ):   Draw me a picture of anything from my interest list, and I [might] draw you one from yours in return.   Your picture must be an original work (e.g. using MS Paint), not using images or parts of images nicked from elsewhere  ... Post all the pictures you drew and all the pictures you got. A useful tip from       offensive_mango   : If you don't have your own webspace, you can upload images directly from your computer to  Image Shack , and they'll provide a link that you can paste directly into the comments box.   I'll go with       verlaine    in allowing graphical representation of my friends' usernames, since I have so few interests listed.  Aside: I nearly wrote MS Pain up there. This makes me happy.
0	Im kinda sad tonight.   I miss:  Drew the good times at the end of the summer cuddling my brothers my "lover" ;) Sir Aimee Hanging out with Aly Miss Smith-she made English fun being sneaky when other people were around tanning every day Grangie Manda Hart basically all the seniors last year.. i like this one.. but i still miss the last one Performance Company.. miss it like crazy! Julia Tooth hanging out with Steve and Robert Pastor Barry and Pastor DeGraaff smooth legs... my legs are FAR from being smooth Algebra 2.. with mr. dittmer and tim grey the one who made me love basketball Basketball state Track state my basketball team last year  many more.. im just gonna start crying if i keep going..
1	SCTV is on TVLand!!  Spent some good cuddle time with       _call_girl_   .       kvdruidess    came over and did a couple hours of cleaning while I was working.  Yaa clean!       ariadani   's hubby came over (and brought Corwin) and did some work on my computer and took my old 486 (could be a Pentium something) off my hands for me.  For a cute picture go to  http://www.bejustandfearnot.com/gallery/S am .  (Sam--you own this gallery, so you can make changes, post your own pics, etc.).  All I have left to really do is take care of the bags and bags of paperwork I need to file (      dlu   ...you would not be happy).  I am feeling much better.  Still a little stuffy.  Looking forward to Rocky tomorrow.   I need to go out and get another battery!!!  NEVERMIND!  I found my spare!!!
0	So.  I'm single again.   This is a good thing. This is a  good thing , damn it. 
1	with all the 'graduate' classes moved back into the undergraduate field, i now have a 3.0 gpa!!!!!! i'm so happy! now if i could shake off this procrastination and senor-itis, i can get these papers written and be set to graduate in may with my destined 3.0!!
1	GOT A NEW HOUSE WOOOOOOOO... from wednesday I'll be living in Kirwan in an awesome house...ensuite and walk in robe mmmmmmmmmmm yum and it has a dishwasher and is just coolness +12 I gotta buy a fridge and a washing machine though *cry*  That's about all the news I have right now... Uni started back this week I'm now in the second half of my degree which means I'm nearly finished yay can't bloody wait. HAPPY TREE FRIEND AND FRIENDS IS ON YAYAYAYAYAY
1	           Which random kitten picture are you          Username          You are:                  This   fun quiz   by   lebowski   - Taken 36605 Times.          New - Kwiz.Biz  Astrology and Horoscopes       I am computer geek kitty!! how did they know me wonders...  real update about my weekend (which was awesome. awesomest. really good...) will follow tomorrow. I guess. yeah.  hope everyone's alright! 
1	Well there is definitely some after pain being had, but the teeth look great:) Igot look at them real quick at onepoint then there was some bleeding and all *makes yucky face* Thats the part Iwasn't looking forward to. I even got a lil sick...i haven't gotten sick in forever o.O and it really sucked cuz it was mainly dry heaves. Blech. I'm waiting for my Pa to make tea so I can have some of that:) Oh! Its ready. Brb. Lol Kay...got zee tea:)Helps to heal and also helps queasy tummy. My uncle keeps making me laugh, and even though it hurts he says I got some nice perly whites that I went through alot of pain to get so I might as well use them:) Lol. Well I gots to go relax and drink my tea:) Love ya always Jenny
1	 yo.  this world is fucked up. life..is so weird.  that's really all i have to say right now.  i LOVE taking pictures and today is new years eve and i love my friends  and i'm throwing a grand slammin amazing great superduper party and im still gonna have a new years kissX=  i love new years..you all better have an effin good one &lt;3333333333333333 and partayyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	WEll this weekend was a little mixture of Hell and Heaven!    The hell part was that me and Jr. broke up...  The heaven part is that im taking it really well and getting over it faster than i thought...and that I saw Colby, and me and Chris Echols are gunna date now! So im happy!!  WEll....it will all pass over...  tootles..  rice
1	hey. today was pretty cool. i had soccer as usual and then i went to my school play grease. it was really good. so many ppl were there today. that was pretty cool. thats about all i did today. brandon
0	It was seven yrs ago when my Uncle Bill died in a car accident.. from black ice.. *shakes head* i remember my mom coming into my room, telling me that he had died, and how i was in shock..it's awful.. and soo sad.. i miss him a lot, he was one of the only people that could make me laugh, no matter what.. and he was so sweet- i didn't get to see him a lot, but all of my extended family is close, so I know that we would have still gotten along great.  my cousin, Marshall is having a really tough time with it, he's so sad.. and i dont know to say to him,except that i love him, and miss uncle bill too.. and Rach, my other cousin, i don't know what she's feeling, but it's definatly a hard day.. omg i couldn't imagine losing my dad.. :(  so this is for my Uncle Bill..a loving dad, and uncle, and husband towards my Auntie Julia..    R.I.P.
1	I turn 17 today! 1 more year left!!!! *throws confetti and misc. other things at you all*
0	    I could feel her looking at me in Transfiguration this morning.  Maybe she doesn't stare, but I know she glances at me every so often.    Pansy has taken to strutting about the common room with an "I knew you and that Ravenclaw would never make it" look on her face.   I hate doing this.  I hate hurting her.  I don't know what he will do to her if I don't stay away.  Who the hell am I kidding?  I know exactly what he will do... what he is capable of.  The choice is very clear now.  I have to steer clear of Mandy Brocklehurst.  For her own safety...  *looks at the little "M's" he's drawn along the edge of his parchment*   I miss her 
1	I love the weather.   Going to Relay for Life for a while tonight. I'm definitally concidering taking the bus to Allendale to save some gas money.  And I may have an escort (no not a hooker) for prom tomorrow night after all. Whom apparentially owns a tux with a red jacket and matching red studs. To say that I was suprised would be an understatement.
0	One thing that really sucks about being a pet sitter is losing clients.  And I don't mean when their owners move away.  Today I get a call from Spike's owner that he'd had to make the decision to euthanize Spike.  Spike had been diagnosed with lung cancer, and it had finally gotten to the point that he just wasn't doing well.  I was supposed to take care of Spike this weekend.  Man, I'm crushed!  Spike was the only basenji I've ever taken care of.  He had such a distinctive look with his trim little body and that tail that curled over his bum.  And he had personality too, could be stubborn as heck.  I used to sit in the living room with Spike and give him my special "puppy massage" until his tail uncurled (Okay, it was just a rub down his back on either side of the spine, but most puppy dogs really like it).  Then I knew he was relaxed.  I'll miss you Spike.  Take care of yourself on the other side of the rainbow bridge.
0	Did i grow up according to plan And do you think im wasting my time doin things i wanna do But it hurts when you disapprove all along  And now i try hard to make it I just wanna make you proud Im never gonna be good enough for you cant pretend that im alright and you cant change me  Cause you lost it all Nothin lasts forever Im sorry, i cant be perfect Now its just too late And we cant go back Im sorry, i cant be perfect  I try not to think about the pain i feel inside Did you know you used to be my hero All the days you spent with me now seem so far away And it feels like you dont care anymore  And now i try hard to make it I just wanna make you proud Im never gonna be good enough for you cant stand another fight and nothings alright  Cause we lost it all nothing lasts forever Im sorry, i cant be perfect Now its just too late and we cant go back  Im sorry, i cant be perfect
1	I didn't exactly realise how much I missed my parents until I saw them again in the flesh. My mother and I talked for a while about my classes, and then I told my father  about a certain prefect  about what had happened in school. And Ambrosia is coming tomorrow, if only to stay for a couple of days, as she has to work. So I can tell her about my various escapades and she can give me advice about what to do in Rome.   Ronnie, just say  Orangethorpe Abode  when you floo here next Wednesday, all right? ...I can't wait!
0	While  rather than be forced to go with some nerd. I asked Ricky if he'd go with me. He didn't seem so thrilled.  Owell..... I'll try to talk to him about it tomarrow if i can, O joy is me. also, the nerd really didn;t want to go with me, Thats why I wasn't invited to D&D with my sisters. One of them said he didn't want me there....  *sigh*  No one wants me. How fun, and the funny thing is that i thought we got on well...O well. back to the darkness with me.
1	First day of work at RGIS went awesome.  Like I said before, it was at Barnes and Noble here in Harrisonburg, at the Harrisonburg Crossing.  I really felt like I was picking the feel of the job back up very quickly.  And, as I anticipated, 2am was a low estimate for how long the inventory would take if we started at 9.  I signed in at 8:46, and worked till 3:20.  Six hours and thirty four minutes, at 8 dollars an hour.  Not quite as long as I would have liked, but when I start getting stores that are further away and involve driving and driving other people to them, the gas reimbursement (tax free) and the paid driving time (driving = minimum wage for the length of the trip if you're driving other people) plus the actual inventory times should more than make up the difference.  Plus, getting there early = signing in early, which I had forgotten, so it means getting paid for more hours than technically scheduled.  Which is good. :)
0	WELL AFTER 3YRS OF BEING OUT OF HIGH SCHOOL I THOUGHT IT OVER AND WENT BACK.... THATS RIGHT I NEVER DID GRADUATE... THEY DENIED MY CREDITS AT WESTCAMPUS FOR BEING SICK SO MUCH IN AND OUT OF THE HOSPITAL........ WELL HERE I AM SICK AGAIN I HAVE AN EATING DISORDER AND I THINK IM GOING TO SCHOOL THE NEXT DAY AND WAKE UP SICK.... IM THINKING IM GOING TO GO AHEAD AND GET MY GED AND GO TO COLG. IN SPRING..... MY MOM WAS SO HAPPY THAT I GOT BACK INTO SCHOOL AND STARTED TELLING EVERY ONE ABOUT IT... NOW LOOK AT ME. BUT I AM TRYING TO MAKE IT BACK UP BY GOING TO THE U OF A.... WILL IT WORK THERE IS NO TELLING.... ANY WHO HOW EVER IT TURNS OUT THATS WHAT IS GOING TO HAPPEN..... DOES IT MAKE ME THAT MUCH OF A FAILURE? AM I THAT WRONG TO DO THAT? IM 20 BACK IN HIGH SCHOOL AND IT WASNT MY FAULT THAT MY CREDITS WHEN DOWN THE DRAIN IN THE FIRST PLACE AND SHAL' I ADD THAT IT WAS MY SR. YR. THAT THEY DID THAT TO ME! ANY WHO IM OUT OF HERE.....  LOVE PEACE AND HAIR GREASE..... SHAINA H.
0	I'm so screwed..   the simpsons should cheer me up..  but its half over!
1	Until my week and a half long alcoholic holiday debacle begin.
1	I preordered Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory a couple days ago, and polished off Pandora Tomorrow to clean my pallate for when it comes out (March 31st). Hopefully, this game is going to build on everything seen in Pandora Tomorrow. One of the coolest things by far, I think, will be Coop mode! Sneaking games such as SC are of a type that can benefit from coop missions, perhaps more than even shooters. If they can pull it off, and knowing Ubi, they can, this is going to rock. I have been happy with the previous two splinter cell titles, and I believe Chaos theory shall be no exception.
1	   This is Pervious with the children from his village outside their school. (He is the one in the blue shirt on the left hand side as you look at the picture.)  Isn't he THE CUTEST little man ever?!?!?! No need to answer that, I already know he is.  :0) Kasie
0	Still in London, 'til tomorrow when I head out Westward. I've got to spend the day doing work stuff in Wallingford, Ox, doing work stuff but after that I was thinking maybe Wales. Had a shitty day today, which goes at least partway towards explaining why I feel so down. :(  Should have gone to the British Museum again, and stayed there.  The people I'm staying with are very nice, but obsessed with football (football on tv, kitchen radio, upstairs radio). I guess being out here on my own is just getting lonely.   Fuck knows what I'm looking for, but I'm not finding it.
0	Been watching season 5 of Buffy, just watched The Body... Remembering Ben.
1	OHMYGOD!! I DON'T KNOW WHO MADE ME A PAID USER... BUT THANK YOU! I LOVE YOU! I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU!!
1	So, as of about 24 hours ago...     Brian and I are engaged!! :)
1	I forgot that I had bookmarked this site. There are tons of audio clips. The clips aren't really the greatest quality, I guess that's thier way of forcing you to buy the CDs. Visually, it's not the most impressive but the content is great.   http://www.audiomaxxx.com/   They have a lot of good stuff for sale so If you're financially inclined, buy some stuff and tell us how good it was.  Oh yeah, feel free to post...this is a "community" after all.  ;)
1	It went awesome!  Sure, everyone didn't show up, but new gal       juniperkitty182    and her friend Val came and the 4 of us (seems to be our lucky number) had a lovely chat about erotica, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, clones, dildos, vibrators, and our history.  It was awesome to meet you guys!  Although       juniperkitty182   's friend isn't bisexual, she wishes to be a sex therapist and was told last minute before they left that the coffee meeting she was going to was for a bunch of ravenous bi girls :P  So, it was me,       kristina_hall   ,       juniperkitty182    and her friend Val for this past Friday and it went really well.  Cheers to another great meeting!  Oh, and when we left,       kristina_hall    and I were waiting for the bus and this topless girl was waving her titties and arms out of a limo on rideau street.  The perfect ending to a bi-sexy-girls meet-up! :D
0	The Cryptopsy show got postponed.  I am teh sad.  :( and currently considering leaving work for the day as I have nothing to do.
1	My computer is down again... I think it must be something with the rain because the internet is always frozen when we have big storms.  But its all good... I actually had an awesome day.  The english final really sucked but its all good because Alex came over after school.  We went out to Burger Den for lunch and then he came back to my house and we watched Win A Date With Tad Hamilton.  Lol... I told him he had to pick the movie but then he went ahead and picked the one he knew I wanted to watch.  lol what can I say, he is the greatest ever.  this is going to have to be short because my time is almost up... and sorry lillers i can't make you your own entry yet because ya, i'm out of time... but i luv ya tonz!  i will do it as soon as i get back from the cabin, if the computer is working.  luv y'all tonz xoxoxoxo Lola
1	halfway through school, hopefully i can make it, lol.    having a day off today helped. i stayed up late watching the SUPER BOWL!(GGGGGOOO PAAATTS!!) i watched almost the entire game, and even i had some doubts our pats could pull it off. but they did! so now we are the champions. (cut to Queen - we are the champions)     besides that giant news, there's not much going on.
1	im going to Egypt tomarrow!!! YEA!! gotta get away from this fucking place...write me emails if u wanna say whats up cuz ill checkit over there!! peace...u better write me cuz if i die on the plane coming home (coming home) and u havent talked to me... ull feel like shit.. so u better fucking do it!!
0	......I know it is Sad that the Pope has left us... But he is in a better place...I know that he is at home now with his/our father... So Rest In Peace... You will Be Missed   &lt;3 ya
1	I'm absolutly psyced to go home...I can't wait!!!!  I leave tuesday after class, YAY!!!!!!!!!  There's so much I want to do and so little time to do it in.  I hope i get a chance to see everyone.  Good news though, i talked to our R.A and it won't be to complicated to change room-mates.  I just have to find another room of girls willing to trade and all four of us have to agree and then tell Gio, and Gio will tell Margret.  Katie and April might want to change, but they wont know til later and i dont know how long I want to wait.  But otherwise there is another pair of girls who want to switch, but I want to meet them first.  I still need to tell Erica....does anyone have any suggestions on how to do it or when?  I will probably tell her either right when I get back or right before I leave.  I kind of want to know who we're switching with first though.    YAY for coming home though, i can't wait.
1	wow. i just watched  something the lord made , with alan rickman and mos def. a film about the surgeon and his assistant who pioneered cardiac surgery. it was extremely moving and interesting. i recommend it to everyone.   i also had dinner with an Indian couple tonight. oh, they were so gracious and nice. i am so excited to have met them and they got me really excited about india. i really want to go  now .
1	Atlast i found a goodun ex rental 3yrs old 35k on the clock bloomin good for a van incudes a full years mot! Dont get it till thursday but ive got it (unless there is a major mecanical problem! Will sort inshurence out as well on monday. Have got christmas tree (did that b4 geting van and let step dad decorate it while we looked at van. I feal the begining of a new ere comming on! Hope you all have a good week
1	I registered for classes back at UT today! I'm currently registered for 10 hours and I'm waitlisted for 5 more. Hopefully I can get into those classes too since I need them for my degree. That's the good news. Bad news--I'm going to be in school for about a semester longer than I thought. My advisor told me to come back to her office in March to work out a "long-term plan." I don't even want to think about the fact that I could be in school long enough to have a long-term plan still. Oh well, at least I'm back now and EVENTUALLY, I'll graduate. I have class at 8 a.m. Monday through Friday, so expect me to be really lame this semester, but if anyone wants or needs someone to study with this semester, there will probably be many, many early evening study sessions for me. Anyway, I was just really excited about being back in school and wanted to share it with you guys. Hope your semesters go well.
0	Well aparently, we (emaline) were asked to play that big show coming up "real hope fest 2004" but we probably wont be able to! The guy that is setting the show up apparently heard some good things about us and called Jim. He wants to put us on like at a "primetime" spot in the line-up for the show which is awesome... This would be such a great opportunity for us but it will probably not work out because Saturday is North's homecoming... Jim is definetly willing to ditch out to play the show but Jonathan probably wont... I mean I understand that was like planned out a while ago and now this show opportunity came outa nowhere... it's just this is such a good chance for us that's probably gonna go down the shitter. Maybe they can go... then leave and play the show... then just go back...heh. damn it! -jonathan
0	Inner Demons  Hidden cries in the night Tears leave trails on his face He fights a lonely fight In a dark and hidden place  Demons hidden deep inside They battle to be known Inside his body they collide He fights the demons alone  They try to eat at his soul Chip away at his beating heart He is slowly losing control His body is falling apart  He is losing the war He fought so hard to win He has no strength anymore The demons have settled in  They move from the inside out Slowly prying away at his will to exist Taking from his all he was about Their place in his he can no longer resist  His spirit will never again be whole He'll stop the fight and give So he can be within his own soul And somehow find a way to live
0	Well tonight was the worst night so far.  I made $25.  Wooo.  Worked my full shift and didn't even get my house fees back.  Usually when we don't make shit, they give us our house fees back or waive them.  Apparently Denny didn't know what the fuck that means.  Tonight was such bullshit.  I've never made less than $80 there.  I hope this isn't a sign to more bad nights to come.  This week I'm working Wed, Thurs and Sunday (day shift aka no money).  Whatever, I've been trying to save up to move out.  Tonight won't be one of the nights when I can drop $50 in the bank the next morning.  Oh well w/e.  Like I've heard so many times before, good things are to come after a bad one.  Or better yet as Dan always said, keep on truckin.
0	  I've come to wonder who my true friends really are? I mean I love all of my friends more than anything but&nbsp;should&nbsp;I&nbsp;question&nbsp;if they even care the same way about me... they're everything to me. maybe the feeling isn't mutural.       &lt;3 Always, Cassie. G   
0	Could it be that I'm the cruelest? Or could it be that I'm the fool... Could it be that I'm just no one,  and bored of what seems new.  Could it be that I'm the cruelest? Lashing at the world,  could it be that I'm true evil,  Satan at referral.  Could it be that I'm the cruelest? For once I make a stand,  could it be poor intentions, when I hope for days so grand.  Could it be that I'm the cruelest? or do I just find it hard to care,  When it comes to my opinion,  I never ever dare.  Could it be that I'm the cruelest? as I've mumbled on so long,  could it be my heart goes rotten,  when everything is gone.
1	           Your Life As A Mary Sue          Name         DOB         Favourite Color          Your name is      Anna Greenleaf        Your love interest is      Jack Sparrow        Your uber!spiffy power is      you can control the Matrix        Your major source of angst is      you had an abusive childhood        People love you because      they want your body        You will      pull a lightsaber and save Qui-Gon from Darth Maul               This   QuickKwiz   by   rosie_cotton   - Taken 635 Times.          New! Get Free  Daily Horoscopes  from Kwiz.Biz      I'm liking this.  Jack Sparrow as love interest?! :)        
1	Well it was nice to have a half day for a change.  I didn't think that the PSAT'S were as bad as last year.  Maybe Freshman year actually paid off. :)  Nah I am sure it helped.  Well I finally got an idea for my halloween costume, but its a surprise.  Next Friday, I'll change something about myself that will clue you in.  Maybe i'll do it sooner...  But for sure it will be next week.  Yes I am being very cryptic ;)  Well I got to go hop in the shower and rub a dub dub.  And then do the dreaded hw.  Mainly what bites is the English hw for steger. grrr
1	It's a good day.  Atobe is GONE. Sanada is NOT AROUND HIM, though I think I caught him texting him. But Sanada is NOT ABLE to pay attention to him, so all is right with the world.  I'm visiting Yukimura tomorrow, so everyone can stop NAGGING me about that. I'll even bring him candy.  Oh, Marui and I are doing the banquet thing this weekend. Fun. Fun. Why the hell do I have to pay?  Tennis is ok. My game is as perfect as ever. I need to play someone good... I haven't had a decent match since... well, since I put Echizen in the hospital. But I don't think that counted, because we didn't technically FINISH. So I guess my last decent match was Tachibana, and I put him in the hospital, too... Is he out yet?  The girls have quieted down about me being Niou's "one true love." They're starting to go back toward him/Yagyuu, which is good, though I do feel sorry for Yagyuu-senpai...
1	Read My Poems please; I own the copyright as you can see so you KNOW I made them  ____________________________    http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/151 00519/    http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/151 02079/ 
1	 Andrew Lloyd Webber's The Phantom of the Opera  comes out on DVD four weeks from today!  That is all.  :-)
1	When and where are we meeting for the Old 97's show?  Call me in Stoughton. I'm listed.  We're dropping the kids at the sitters' at 5:30, We'll be in Madison around 6.
1	Guess who got a dog?! w00t. Yes, thats right folks. *squeals with delight*  I've been begging for a dog for forever. =D Yes, I'm sure all of you are like, "who cares?". Well, mister, I CARE. heeh.  His name is Jake, he's about 4 years old. We adopted him from HART association. He is about the sweetest golden retriever EVER. He's mixed with a bit of something else too, but nobody knows what. He sits, shakes, lies down, and is just a big sweetheart. I LOVEEE him!  So yeah, its been quite a while since I've updated, but things have been up and down and I figured you all were sick of me whining.  Oh, if you want to see pictures of my adorable doggie, I will have them up soon.
0	  * sigh *     Bad trip! I hate to feel this way pero bad trip talaga. 
0	     Discworld: Which Ankh-Morpork City Watch Character are YOU?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	It's not often, when the days pass Rain drops trail to cool my exhaustion who failed? the one who loved or loss There is a misunderstanding it is not the way I want it I scrounge through my purse for a distraction but your photograph comes into focus How could I pity such a soul Opening up the umbrella once more it is not too often in dreams my memory tends to fail me i wanted to be rash so as technology erases you  I search the yellow pages  for repairs.
0	"Repeat" By: Me.  A kiss in the sunset and we've got nothing to lose. Nothing to fear but ourselves. Did I forget to tell you "I love you"? The world is gone. The dust filled our nostrils. I'm sorry but I've missed you.  We roasted marshmallows by the fire, The light illuminating your face. I don't want to leave this beautiful place. Your voice soothed me, Your touch numbed me, I was swept away.  We held hands at the apex of the highest cliff, under the clouds. Don't speak. Savor the moment. I know this journey is mine and mine alone. Lay your head down to sleep, my love. I'll sing you a lullaby. Rest at ease. I will return. A kiss at the sunset and I'm nothing to you.  In the distance, low rumbling thunder. The rain hits my face as I fall into the sky.  It's been so long. I'm sorry but I've missed you.  Yep... Once again please don't steal it. I will sue you. :P
1	Dear Nny --  I'm joining those who are posting a bit early, but chalk it up to pesky time zones and the fact that I won't be near a computer at the proper moment.  :)  It's been a sheer delight to become acquainted with you through       milliways_bar   .  You're an exceptionally talented and fun person, and I hope that your birthday is everything that you could wish for, and that the year to follow is just as grand.  Happy Birthday!
0	                                                                                          This one is my favorite.                               My mom is the near side of the car.             Yeah. These were taken on a field trip to a place called KTH, where they make parts for Honda minivans and cars. It's a homeschool group, that's why the kids look so different, age-wise.           [daniel]     &nbsp;   
1	A wonderful and happy birthday is wished to Katy, Debbie and Jared! I hope you all have a great day and I'm so looking forward to seeing Katy & Debbie later this week so I can deliver proper birthday hugs!!!
1	My new car has been freed from the clutches of customs, and I get it on Friday. Yay! Yay! Airconditioning! Cruise control! 6 CD player! Zoom, zoom, zoom!
1	Wehew we are going to have some more of that lovely tornado weather today is every body ready!
1	I just saw the teaser for Farscape: Peacekeeper wars.  Rock on.
1	To everyone that celebrates, hope you all have a very happy and extra sparkly holiday.        tallories          raaone          sunshine611    thank you for the wonderful holiday cards.       sjrules    thank you for the e-card, you're a sweetie.  and even though I know she won't see this, happy birthday to my mom :)
0	  hmm depression as always suited my life..why do i bother to get out of it?!?!      ima try n b positive       i wish jason would call. lol.  
1	I'm  "Still Smiling"  about my birthday weekend.  A lot of fun, it was!  So I wrote about it some more.
0	Ok so tonight I hung out with Amanda the chick that I know from MJ who use to live in NY but recently moved to Manchester..... Seeing her and hanging out with her made me remember just how much I liked her and it fucking sucks.... So much in common...... Yet so unreachable..... Fuck Life..... Depression is back....
1	Big congratulations to       hawkward   ,       goraina   ,       owlyfriend   , and       tednaifeh    for their  Eisner Award Nominations .     From my year as a judge I know how thoroughly brutal the selection process is; knowing what goes on behind the scenes, it truly  is  an honor to be nominated. Well done!
1	It's been about.. almost 2 months since I took these pictures.. but I figure it's about time people actually got a chance to see them.      Me!  In all my apartmental glory.      Shannon with the ring I bought her.      Shannon, sleeping....  awww.      My Roomie.. man.. does he get down and party.  Click on the pictures for full-sized glory.
1	its the one day out of the year.. where its allowed to get silly drunk!!..
1	i just wanted to post one of my most valued possessions - given to me 10 years ago, read countless times, and circulated through every friend i have  you can see the wear and tear in the binding -  it holds all five novels plus the short story "Young Zaphod Plays It Safe"  ahhh, i love it.           go see it!  http://media.eod.com/hhgttg_high.mo v 
1	If you have a goal in life that takes a lot of energy that incurs a great deal of interest and that is a challenge to you, you will always look  forward to waking up to  see what the new day brings.        My dad bought a jeep! It was my aunt kris's but now its ours. My sis and I are still fighting over whose it is, but i think my parents bought it for me for gv. I can't wait to take it out on a nice day
1	so soccer started, im not doing good...AT ALL. but thats ok, im making an effort and hopefully i'll make a team. if i dont, oh well. life goes on right? just keep praying that i make a team, ha. i got my schedule today for school and its a pretty crappy schedule thats for sure. but i have three classes with claire, one with natalie (geometry with ms berger, swweeettt), and three with elizabeth, so far anyways. gabe came over today which was always a joy, we mainly just sat around and talked for about 3 hours. he said he wanted to bring me to CC's homecoming, but im not going to take that as word yet, hes not good with promises. i swear, hes so into me, lol. and im not being narcasstic, its just the truth. but hes a cool guy, but maybe not bf material anymore?
1	 I finished one of my essays, and I'm on!!    Yes!    So, my mom was really pissed at me for sleeping and threatened to take away my music... and so I did it... fucker.    Ahhh... rightie. I missed Green Day on SNL last night... damn it.    The Gaian GD is so funny and fucked up..... XD    I also made it... yay.    I should go... and such..... XD    &nbsp; 
0	i`ve been sitting here for some time feeling really bad...there were several people in msn...and i hoped that atleast anyone will talk to me...but...no one did... :( ..i feel so pathetic.... :( .....what conclusions can i make??...
0	Mm.. Well Im Jess, Im fourteen. I just joined the community, huge fan of A Perfect Circle and Tool. I love Maynard James Keenan, annnd James Iha.   If you want to add me, comment here, or on my Friends Only entry, and Ill add you back.
1	today was OK! nothing too good happened..  pe was funny! (smoke dope in the forest! screw your gandmothers basement!) woodshop was funny and fun! (i love that class!) english was soooo boring!! i fell asleep 2 times during the story we were reading!  after school i cleaned my room...then i got my hair cut! (finally!)  and now im:  -walking around in my mothers heels  -wishing i was 5'8  -wearing my old cheer skirt  -and my volcom tee  -and my robe from japan!  and that is pretty much it.....
0	So Joy left on Sunday for South Carolina, and she won't be back until next Sunday. i miss her a lot. i have been very depressed in her absence. This time alone has been nastalgic and reflective...  i feel like i'm stuck in this weird loop. Everyday greets me with the circumstances of the day before... i just keep living the same fucking day. i've been doing nothing but working on completing the Axis album and going to the ole 9-5.  i need MORE time to finish the album, i want time to play shows, i want some time to myself, and i'd like to have some time for friends and family... but i just don't have the time.
1	I'm in a good mood today.  :-D  Its bright and sunny out.  Its warm enough to open up the windows in the apartment.  The construction on our roof is pretty much done.  I'm just generally happy.  Life is good right now.    That's all.  Just felt like sharing.  :-)
1	I've decided to name my baby Walter Flash Smith.  Flash is an awesome middle name, I don't care what my parents or his say.  I hope I get to go to karaoke tonight. It's been months since I've made an ass out of myself.
1	so on saturday night i met this kid dave, or davo as he likes to be called.  he was into music. he likes the faint. he has the faint as his ring tone. he has a lip ring, and an eyebrow ring. and he approached me.  when he left the party we were at, i kissed him good bye. nothing to exciting. i got his phone number, which is now locked away in my phone because the screen broke, and he left.  well i saw him in the hub today. i recognized his hat. and he didnt see me, not that he would have rememebered who i was, but still. but it mad me happy.  happy!  heh, thats all i was really trying to say.   i happy.
1	I got a book about Canada from 1999.  But that's just because I rock it old school.   I may or may not be taking some risque pictures soon.  I don't really think much of it actually.   My nose is leaking, but at least I'm not sick...  I still get kinda lonely sometimes.   Where is everything heading?  I wish I could stop asking myself that,  But I am happy.
0	Tomorrow, the seventh year Potions NEWT students will be having a practice exam. It will be essentially just like the real NEWTs, and will hopefully give you a feel for how you are likely to do, and what you still need to work on. Keep in mind, if you expect to pass, you should be studying every single day.     [Private]  Does he think it odd, I wonder, that I can hardly bring myself to look at him in class, let alone scold him or take points from Gryffindor? In a few short months he'll graduate, and be gone. Will that be better? Or worse?  [/Private]
0	Go,  someone  have a go at  guessing my favourite characters .  Or is no-one that interested?  I'm a bit stupefied from trying to play Morrowind on the xbox.  The main reason I play it on the xbox rather than the PC is I get motion sickness from first-person viewpoint games.  Yes it sucks - I can't play Neverwinter Nights :( - maybe I should try anti nausea pills? I've had better luck playing games like that on a console - the distance between the TV and me is larger so it helps.  I'm still a bit bleagh, and I'm overloaded with the information I'm having to read to figure out what's happening.  Maybe I'll give it a rest for a while.  I love the  idea  of playing Morrowind (I adored Baldur's Gate) but I just don't think I'm up to it.  *pouts* Guess I'll just have to have a memory wipe so I can play Baldur's Gate afresh!  Anyone know a good telepath?
1	so today looks like a good day. i have nothing to do though, so if you wanna come save me from boredom and the internet, please do. we can walk and talk and ride bikes until the sun sets and fall in love under the stars...  or we can just ill. haha.  fuck spring, seriously! i have girls on the brain, and i cant stop it! what the fuck?!  there are two very exciting shows this week, i hope everyone is ready!  wednesday at ten weston in gr.  REQUIEM! DEADSTOCK! ANOTHER TERRORIST ORGANIZATION! A PASCHAL CIRCUS! CLEAR DAYS ALWAYS!  5:00  5 bucks? be there. there will be a potluck too! and a workshop thing with brian from requiem!  & friday at skelletones in gr  DUCKBOMB! ANOTHER TERRORIST ORGANIZATION! THE SEQUOIA OUTLAWS! CHRIS SOMMERFELDT! THEMEEHS!(our last show ever!)  7:00 5 bucks, be there, it would mean alot to us!  phillmeeh!
1	I'm not going down to Columbus this weekend. Sadness. I'll be here.  Didn't go to Joe's today, but I will Tuesday. Hah.  Once again I'll shamelessly promote my eBay items. We've got DDR Extreme, DNAngel, and Angel Sanctuary left. The last one, no one has bid on yet, so grab it!!   http://search.ebay.com/_W0QQfgtpZ1QQfrp pZ25QQsassZmikemon118   There. Shameless promotion complete. Mua.  Oh look, it's kind of snowing with the rain... wow.  Now, to find more stuff to sell... hehehehe...
0	well i'm heavily and totally insulted. seems dale blocked me a while ago guess he doesn't want me as a friend since i'm not dating his sister anymore. now if i ditched her, or CT and i broke up in some hellish hateful thing i could see why. but CT and i are still very close friends so there's no reason for him todo that... christ...i really looked up to him and he pulls this shit. now i feel like the whole time him and i buddied around was just a bullshit act
1	going to sushi to celebrate marlesse's birthday =)  I will aim for...16 big ones.
0	I've made some changes in my life and I've decided to start posting Friends only.  If you're interested in reading my journal please let comment and I'll consider adding you.  Best wishes to all!  -Heather
1	sly is me filling my flask with jack daniel while my mother does a puzzle in the next room.  sly is me pretending to put away movies when she asks why i am opening the dining room Buffet table.  oh, and screw new year's...i'll see you after two days of troma dvds and maybe a drink or two  warren ellis will save my soul(e)
1	I am trying to get all of my laundry done today.  I had like 8 loads in my room.  No wonder I never have anything to wear.    I went shopping the other day and bought myself some new jeans and a couple shirts.  Then I did some of my laundry and realized, I actually have a lot of jeans.  Oh well, new ones never hurt.    Just when I thought I was done with my Christmas shopping, I realized I have like 5 more people to buy for.  I think tomorrow I am gonna go shopping and finish everything.   Amy, if you want to go shopping tomorrow in the morning, let me know!!  I worked at the salon today.  It went really smooth, no drama!!  I have to work at the hospital tonight.  I hope I get pulled to be a sitter.  It is really nice getting paid to sit and watch TV all night:).    Sarah, I have the 30th and 31st of Jan. off and I have the 2nd of Feb. off at the hospital, and I can probably get off at the Urban, while you are here.   Well everyone have a fun filled night!!
1	July 3rd.  One year.  TA_DA!  For anyone who still reads my LJ.  Rin and I have survived, loved, enjoyed, boogied through the night, for one year so far.  Go Us!  We've decided on getting a joint LJ.  That way between the two of us we'll post with some more regularity.  Our only problem is coming up with a LJ name.  We're open to suggestions.  Also, anyone on our friends list not wanting to listen to us guy/guy stuff let us know now.  LOVE YOU ALL LJ FRIENDS!  Hugs, B
0	Hello, my presciouses!! I've decided to write in here, due to extreme boredom T_T.. So... Well, tomarrow my Reading class [Yes I have a Reading class] gets to go see Romeo and Julio{Juliet}.. Yes, I meant Julio because we all know that Romeo was slashtastic! We all love slash ^_^.    And in other 'exciting' news in my life, I miss my 'twin', Kay ;_; If You've heard of the Singing Angels, Me and her are in it. We look pretty close to the same, so the check in lady knows us as 'the twins', and I say I'm Benji and she's Joel (From Good Charlotte). But sadly, I haven't seen her in two weeks due to the flu the first week and a madatory Saturday play practice the second week. I miss my sis!!! She hasen't seen my new  hair cut  or glasses...   Well, that's just about it. I'll check in later with you all! Death & Destruction ~Dustmite
1	hey guys...i'm at Mal's. we're havin some girlies over tonight to watch  some movies..i'm chillin right now with Maddie while mal cleans her  room. i layed out today and got sooo burnt. i'm gonna be tan for  tuesday though. so i'm excited. :-D anyways..me and maddie are goin  watch veggie tales while we wait for mal to finish cleanin her room. :-)      ...kel, and maddie  
1	PROM.  is.  tonight.  Woo! ;D  I &lt;3 Tokyo Babylon, a lot.  Need to get shoes after I finish my cereal.   Here's to having loads of fun at prom! Cheers!
1	So Jay is going to Hawaii. I am really worried. I hope nothing happens. Veronica tweeks out at things like this. Ever since Chris died, pretty much out of no where, I have trouble believing " everything will be ok". I just need to stay calm and not think so much into it. CHA!!! yeah right me not think to hard about something!!!! near impossible. Well on a lighter note. work is going good I kind of enjoy it. Only down fall there's a lot of physical work. i am not the strongest when it comes to lifting. Don't get me wrong I can still kick your ass but i am not exactly the strongest little thing.All my girls are well, bills are pretty much paid, Jay and I are having fun shopping for the children and Mikey is coming in about a weak YEAHHH!! So off to work I go.
1	So there I was at lunch...minding my own business, talking with some friends....ya know the usual. Then all of a sudden I look up, and who do I see? In my own cafeteria....Braaaaadley Sutherland!! It was the wierdest thing ever!! I guess he was here with sports med looking at cadavers..fun stuff. Then I looked outside and a huge group of Eastmontians walked by the window....including Crystal Ramirez( grr me no likey) and it was just so wierd. Brad was on his way outside to have him a cigarette but stopped and talked to me instead. So yay for me helping him not smoke! My good deed for the day is done! Got to say...the most random and wierdest moment since i've been here...almost. MERP!
0	D'oh.  Wushu was at 2 today, not at 3.  But, with the housing stuff up in the air, I've been a little frazzled and not thinking straight.
1	remember ga ya..... with my story about chocholate... emmmm tobleron yah....... few days ago (bener ga yah) i met that man en he told me that he hadn't shot yet ( nembak maksudna) that girl  couse..... he quit from his job.. so..... he hadn't had any courage  to shoot (he he he) the girl whom he likes.  but... there is a new negotiation...... he will give me a chocholate even if he does not get that girl.... asik khan.... oh yah  he told me in october he would shoot that girl......
1	my sister and her best friend are coming home tonight! (my sister lives in Cali) and me and mom are so excited! i have to be short though because we need to rush around and finish cleaning--- we're freaking out! talk to you all later!                             -nikki
0	I guess my New Year's resolution to write at least once a week is over, due to not having access to the Internet over spring break.  We went to Outer Banks, North Carolina, and it was exceptionally fun.  So fun, that I have been in a major depression since I had to leave.  The beach was beautiful.  I don't know how I'm going to finish out my time here.  I'm definitely moving out to the coast when I'm older.  Unfortunately, there aren't very many good stories to share or that I want to share.  I'll be posting pictures soon, as soon as I get them off of Chris's computer, so look for that.  Thank you.
1	A Halloween party!  I hope it's simply not a rumour; who wants to wait until Christmas for the Yule Ball, anyway?  I haven't come up with a costume idea yet, because what would be the point if there isn't going to be a party?   Perhaps I'll just wear a sari and drag Padi into pulling out hers.       Do you think it's at all possible for me to tug you away from your books long enough to spend time with me?  
1	HAY! YAY! NEW PICTURE TIME! JOHN GAVE ME ALPO AND TOOK A PICTURE OF ME AND PASCHA! YAY TO PICTURES! i'm..too sexy for this lamb...too sexy for this lamb new york and japaaaan!     YAY! PICTURES ARE FUN! AND SO IS CONNECT FOUR! YAAAAY!  -TARGET DOG!!!
1	this is great. I am suprised my mom took the news so well and now I am happy again I get to be true to my heart and not have to hid it anymore. This is the best thing ever to happen to me next to grad that is. Well I got to go peace
0	             You Should Date An Italian!  You love for old fashioned romance, with an old fashioned guy  An Italian guy is the perfect candidate to be your prince charming  If your head doesn't spin enough, just down another espresso with him  Invest in a motorcycle helmet - and some carb blocker for all that pasta!       Which Foreign Guy Should You Date? Take This Quiz :-)        Find the Love of Your Life  (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance.      
1	Happiness is a new pair of Hi-Fi headphones and 70+ new songs on your ipod.
0	Im going to be soooo bored! I was going to go climbing after school but our ride backed out, so no more!:( I cant even begin to state how much my life kinda sucks at the moment, sigh. Things were supposed to all go my way in high school and should've because middle school was absolute crap, but no.
0	         You Are a Retrospective Soul                 The most misunderstood of all the soul signs. Sometimes you even have difficulty seeing yourself as who you are. You are intense and desire perfection in every facet of your life. You're best described as extremely idealistic, hardworking, and a survivor.  Great moments of insight and sensitivity come to you easily. But if you aren't careful, you'll ignore these moments and repeat past mistakes. For you, it is difficult to seperate the past from the present. You will suceed once you overcome the disappoinments in life.  Souls you are most compatible with:  Traveler Soul  and  Prophet Soul           What Kind of Soul Are You?      black is my true color. my soul is lost and lonely. come save me.
1	yyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy, is about time that I have my journal. Thyanks to my cousin and all my friends. Good, now everyone can know alittle bit of mmmmmmmmeeeeee, yyyyaaayyy. Well thanks, I love you all my friends thank you for everything. Oohh and if all of you need me ill be there yyyyaaayy.
0	HAS ANYONE HEARD FROM POND FROM THAILAND???? I WANT TO KNOW IF SHE'S OK ALL THE LINES FOR PHONE AND INTERNET CONNECTION ARE DOWN RIGHT NOW SO IF ANYONE HEARS FROM HER COMMENT PLEASE
0	WOW O_O It's been the longest time scince I wrote in Lj. things have been going.....blah. actually worse than I expected. School has been so stressful and depressing. And I'm really worried about my friend Meg.I keep calling her and she won't awnser, yesterday her mom told me she had been going trough a "rough pacth" and has been very busy. So sad about that I wish she would talk to mre for at least 5 minutes, I just want to see if she is ok. She told me her "friend" tried to rape and kill(strangle) her. And I've been worried about her science. btw, My apologies to More_than_us and Bg and everyone else I feck of on. Didden't mean to just leave but first I moved then My family sold the computer and then I was in the hopital.
1	Greetings, Dear Friends! The following is to be the diary of I, Shall Mayan. As one of Minbar's well-known poets, I feel it is only my duty to share my experiences with all who would care to take part and learn from them. I do hope that this diary will help young ones on the path to enlightenment - of course, only introspective thought, hard work, and a profound appreciation for your cultural heritage will help you walk that path! Ohoho! Dear friends, I invite you to expect some of my art soon - I am more than happy to share my calling with you.  Neech sak schneck slem ba* , Shall Mayan         *"I am your friend in peace", for those of you unfamiliar with the beautiful Minbari language
0	i'm not very happy with alot of people right now, mostly because they suck, but also because i'm off like that.  note: i hate hate hate it when people are fake. i also hate when people judge. but whatever.  but that can all take a back seat to what it truly important:   The birthday of the most incredibly awesome person ever!!!!!                        HOORAY FOR MELODY CHAN!!!!!!!  party time? i think so...lol  btw, not only was that line ridiculous, but i ate way too much ice cream. why couldn't we get a like it? why i ask? lol.   but despite the coolness of mel i am feeling very let down and i'm spent, so i'm out for now. blah.
1	He seems so happy!!!                                           
1	Missed the show last night? Desperate for more ass-kicking nerdcore action?!    MC Chris   Tonight @ 2219 15th St. Cover is $5 Doors open at 7, show starts at 8 ALL AGES                
1	things are going good. lots of work and school. just got done with my government test. oh yeah, and me and jennifer are going out now. time for more work. yay.
0	I'm having a wonderful dream about Remus Lupin.  Then my dad wakes me up saying that Kayla's on the phone and really needs to talk to me.  Just the way I always wanted to wake up, hearing that one of my best friends parent died and I won't be able to see him for a while.    I wanna say something meaningful here, but nothings coming to mind.  I think I'll settle for a virtual hug to Daniel *huggles*  I'm off to burry myself in fluffy storys about Sirius/Remus...  Huggle: a cross between a hug and a snuggle
0	Why is it things are starting to really look up for me for the first time in years, yet, I still feel really depressed?  Oh yeah, manic depression.  I fucking hate it.  I should NOT be feeling like this.  Meh.  Off to hang out with Shonna.
1	Like a bad star, i'm falling faster down to her She's the only, one that knows what it is to burn - (Finch- What It Is To Burn)   Today is gonna be another good day. Going to the movies with Franny, Grahm, Catherine, my pop to see The Village. (my third time) Then i'm gonna go to jesters for a bit before going to hang out with amanda. I'm hoping i feel this way for a long time.    Well i still need a shower and all that so i'm out. *runs*    oh yeah, AJ comes home for a bit in a week, i can't wait.
0	I've come to realise a few things recently, thanks to a bit of an argument with Sil last night...  - I need a big plush to cuddle when I'm upset. It doesn't happen often, but a cushion, no matter how furry, doesn't really cut it - I need more pillow protectors after I woke up with blood over the current one - I hate alarm clocks... I'd have much preferred to just sleep in this morning as I felt like excrement. I suppose it's good that I've got alarm clocks to wake me up for things like this, but I'd much rather have ignored today, and forgotten all about its existence.  Also, some other more personal things, but I'd rather not list them here. No offence, but I'm sure you must understand that there are some things that I can't reveal on a publicly viewable LJ entry... And yes, I know how to use the "Friends Only" otion...
0	 Sad day...   "I was at this casino minding my own business and this guy came up to me and said you're gonna have to move you're blocking a fire exit. As if there were a fire, I wasn't gonna run. If you are flamable and have legs you are never blocking a fire exit."     "I don't own a cell phone or a pager. I just hang around everyone I know, all the time. If someone wants to get a hold of me they just say "Mitch," and I say "What?" and turn my head slightly."     "I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're going and hook up with them later."     "My friend said to me "You know what I like? Mashed poatoes," I was like, Dude, you gotta give me time to guess. If you're going to quiz me, you must put a pause in there."      "An escalator can never break. It can only become stairs. You would never seen an Escalator temporarily out of order sign, just Escalator temporarily stairs. Sorry for the convenience."
0	Well, the toilet's back.  After much cajoling, the TARDIS returned the bathroom, albeit with furry hot-pink covers on the toilet.  It wasn't until the third drunk had staggered in and pissed on the floor that I went outside and discovered TARDIS is now a Portaloo.  It won't change back.  And one of the drunks was tunelessly singing Neil Young. Brought back hideous, hideous memories of those - *shudder* - non-black clothes.  Cried in bathroom.  Came out when battering of drunks on door got too loud.  Cried in bedroom.
1	 Para bailar la bamba  Para bailar la bamba  Se necesita una poca de gracia  Una poca de gracia para me para ti  Arriba y arriba  Y arriba y arriba por ti sere  Por ti sere  Por ti sere  Yo no soy marinero  Yo no soy marinero  Soy capitan  Soy capitan  Soy capitan  Bamba bamba  Bamba bamba  Bamba bamba  Para bailar la bamba  Para bailar la bamba, se necesita una poca de gracia  Una poca de gracia para mi para ti  Arriba, arriba   Para bailar la bamba  Para bailar la bamba  Se necesita una poca de gracia  Una poca de gracia para mi para ti  Arriba y arriba  Y arriba y arriba, por ti sere  Por ti sere  Por ti sere  Bamba bamba  Bamba bamba  Bamba bamba Translation can be found at  MusicalSpanish.com's La Bamba Lyrics and Music page .
0	I have an infatuation...  with a girl at my school . Who knows I exist but barely knows me. So it's a walk by romance/infatuation.  I'm also depressed today cause she doesn't know I exist right now.
0	Damn, things have been so hectic... I am glad though that the art portfolio was not due monday like I thought. It gave me time to actually finish it. Me art history paper sucks though... I'm worried about that class. ::sigh:: anyway.... Since classes have finally ended I have a small break before studying. I've been coloring and drawing. I missed it so.... ::huggles sketchbook::  I might be getting a job with a cab company this summer, if not a cab company a warehouse. I think I wouldn't mind the cab driving too much.   Damn parents are at the beach..... And I couldn't go because I had classes and a final and all.... -_- It sucks so much...  Pat might be getting a job in DC this summer and it's going to suck... I'll be in hagerstown with a job, and he might be down here..... I'll really miss him.... ::sniff::
1	[ Error:  Irreparable invalid markup ('&lt;img [...] /img&gt;') in entry.  Owner must fix manually.  Raw contents below.]   Alright. I conquored it. Finally. My LAN connection has been swiftly and deftly routed. (haha! PUN!) It took me four days and eight grunts of machismic assertion, but here I am, once again laying forth my mundane life for all to see.  Jess came down this weekend. FREAK OUT!! WHOOOO! I&#39;m going to marry that girl and she&#39;s going to make me cookies. All will be chocolate chipped and of God.  &lt;img src=&quot;http://igloo.its.unimelb.edu.au/funny/backup/rabbit.jpg&quot; /img&gt; This is a picture of my cat. Her name is Abby. Satan gave her to me.  So anyway, we went over to my friend Jon&#39;s house and Jess was eaten by a Hilary&#39;s dog. I saved her with my bow and arrows.   So tonight I&#39;m going to play Final Fantasy and study to be a stock broker. Both are things which require 100% of my brain and caffiene. 
1	As much as I said I was happy with not playing, it's amazing how much I did now that I'm playing again.  All the guys have been great and it's been amazing to play with Gino again.  The only bad thing are the road trips, being away from Eric.  We realised that these were the first times we'd been apart this much in a very very long time.  It's okay though; I made it up to him once I got him *chuckles*
0	I'm a sad Beaner today.   Allen  had to go to work at 9:00am so we didn't get to eat breakfast together like we usually do.  I sat in lounge all by myself and ate my strawberry pop-tart.  I know it sound sad and pathetic, but i really don't take change very well.  We eat together every morning and i really enjoy spending that hour with him.  Like yesterday we were eating Apple Jacks out of the same bowl and we fought over the last green apple jack (of course he get it but not before i splashed milk on him).  It's cute little things like that that i enjoy so much.  Grrrrrrrrrrr!  My pop-tart just wasn't the same without him.
1	My name is Talia, and I've recently become an obsessive fan of Simon R. Green. Particularly the  Deathstalker  series, which I read all available books of in about the span of a month this summer. I'm unbelievably excited about Deathstalker Coda coming out, which is kind of ridiculous considering I still have several months to wait for it, but oh well.  Anyway, about myself, I'm 19, and a college student majoring in cello performance. When it comes to books, I'm a big fan of Philip Pullman, Neil Gaiman, Simon R. Green (of course) and a ton more. I'm currently in the middle of  Blue Moon Rising  (which is awesome so far), and am definitely looking to continue this Simon R. Green obsession when I'm finished with that. Any recommendations? Thanks!
1	I think things are starting to warm up now... we're not expecting any more snow but I swear if I wake up at work tomorrow and it has snowed again I'm going to get back in my sleeping bag, with my head at the bottom!  I feel like I'm about to start the end run of the year, a little early, but things are going really well. I'm skiving off extra work shifts for a while to concentrate on my heald and fitness (love love love World Gym). Next Saturday brings a road trip with Jan to Oamaru to visit the Silk Centre, to finally get the fabric for my dress. Scary! Then it'll feel like things are really underway.  I now have a new, more convenient work shift, which means being able to spend 9-5 each weekday at the lab (a necessity, this far in to the year), and...well, I've signed for a flat, and everything's going well, and, well, YAY!!  I guess this doesn't mean much to anyone but me, but suffice to say that all is very good.  It'a amazing what a bit of exercise will do for you!
1	Yay!! My nephew learned how to ride a bike w/o training wheels. They're all on the road to being "big" kids. I remember the days they were all born. It seems so weird. Is this how it feels to be a parent? Seeing them as they hit the important milestones in their lives and remembering when they needed you to do everything for them. Im not sad...it just feels so crazy. Only 2 more left to start riding big kid bikes. gtg time for school.
1	Guys, I was thinking....could I "upgrade" to Namura-sensei? I suppose that Namura would be a slightly more...active character in this RPG.   Oh, and       miwasatoshi   , could you e-mail me or something with a rough summary of what happened in the anime that is after the manga and er...some kind of description of how Namura should be...if I get to change, of course ^_^
1	   Happy James has Bongo fun : )  In other, far more depressing news, my Garu keyring has broken in my pocket! I sure will miss the little Ninja : (
1	I'm off to AZ for 4 days to job interview!  You all play nice, don't kill anyone that don't need it and remember...  something
1	i had the best weekend in recent memory.  i did whatever i wanted to do, no annoying girl wrecking my groove.  saturday, i made myself dinner (steak, mushrooms, and salad).  i sat at my table alone and drank an entire bottle of wine.  peace and quiet, no stress, no drama.  i like being single!  while at the grocery on saturday, the cutest little redhead was flirting with me.  too bad she was no older than 18...she must not have realized i'm in my 30s but it was fun anyway.  sunday, jay and i fixed his fence.  then we cleaned diane's pool for her and took a swim.  goddamn it was hot yesterday.  we have a new pool agreement.  if we keep it chlorinated and clean, we can swim any time -- even when she's not home.  SWEET!!!  my next house will have a pool.  need to start working towards that.  its monday and at this time on thursday, i'll be drinking coffee at the beach.  i'm so lucky to have friends with parents that own beach houses.
0	So I'm to join the ranks of the working class again on February 21st. I've just been hearing for the past 2 months how much they miss me and need me back asap because the lady I'm going to be working with can't get her shit together. She's close to 60 and she doesn't know even though I showed her about a dozen times how to do things, she still can't comprehend anything about the admin system. I have a feeling that I'm going to end up doing t.c. work and admin work, but no because I will not be getting her type of pay to do it.  Goodbye freedom, hello hell!
0	Operation get-him-back-he's-not-going-to-be-with-s omeone-else is now effective. It's not over!
1	   *stands in front of his full length mirror, straightening his formal black dress robes in preparation for the entombment*  *hums under his breath*   Happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me, happy birthday to meeeeeeeee, happy birthday to ME!   *watches as his reflection breaks out in to a sly grin*   Happy birthday indeed. 
1	"I wish the world was flat like the old days Then i could travel just by folding a map No more airplanes, or speedtrains, or freeways There'd be no distance that can hold us back."  See you tomorrow.
0	I seen this somewhere and I had to put it in here because it is exactly how I feel right about now.   ~*~*~*~*When I think back on what we had I suddenly want to cry.   Now that you're not in my life I feel like I'm living a lie I miss you each and every day and I want you all the time.   My heart tells me to hold on but letting go is whats on my mind. To need you want you miss you and not have you is killing me. But letting go just has to be.   I keep telling myself to move on and I'll be fine.   But the truth is it's killing me inside.   Just know that I love you and I always will.   And this love will forever stand still.*~*~*~*~
0	what happened to the good old days where people would comment in your entries?
1	Its time for Moddest Mouse. Not many of you have heard of them, but Erin and I are off to see them. If they let us in with a Camera, I should have some pictures for you soon.
0	I've rewritten this livejournal entry about seven times today because I cant seem to put anything down. I guess, Im just..really confused and I dont expect to be happy this next week. Not to mention, FCAT.   Its the Day of the FCAT and we know your prepared, to show all you have learned and much mooooree..Do your best Ace The Test and then Later have fun, and YOu just might end up with the Prize, GRADUATION. &lt;333   I dont understand how he still hold on to me, when This whole time, I thought I had him. Now Im the one thinking about leaving. How can I leave something, that isnt even Offically there? This is so stupid. Do I even want to leave? Not really..but maybe...after a year...I have to. I hate being a Teenager..Sometimes..I wish I could be like Sean and just, not feel.
0	I started thinking about you five minutes ago. I realized all over again that I miss talking to you. Now my mind is burning and I want to call you so bad. But I won't. I don't want to wake you up. Not like you'd answer anyways.
1	My DSL was down all day yesterday and it finally came back on today! *clings to her DSL* Never go out again! ;_; I was soooo bored when I couldn't come online! So yesterday all I did was read and work on some layouts. I also made myself a new icon! Dark~! &lt;3 It is a bit different then all the other icons I've made... wanted to try new things that people are doing with icons. I think it looks hot. xD;  And when I went to check my email today guess what I found!  "Hi Raine, Congratulations! Your application to build and run the Devil May Cry 3: Dante's Awakening (Computer, Console, Video, &#038; Web Games) fanlisting in the Games category at The Fanlistings Network has been approved!"  Happy happy~! ^____^ I am so going to go work on this right now!! :O Now what would make this even _better_ is if I get the other three (yes, three) fanlisting I have pending. XP I know I am being so selfish right now! xD   View this post on my blog   
0	going tanning with my sister, were bonding and im happy. i do love her. my lil bro riley just said shoes and im happy              thinking of daniel and im sad josh groban makes my life simple with his voice                                                  i want to ask bryan to the dance but wont cuz im chicken  rosie smelt last night and i didnt how weird?!?             have a safe flight lindsay lohan love me some kara                                                want to have kids with her shes hot.   rosie is a good kisser i want to know what it would be like to make out with her, but shes like my sister so nvm   i love the moans                                 i want spring break to come so i can have warmness and camping, i kno im a redneck but u love me ne ways. admit it.  i found a spiderman pen and i giggled, it was weird for me.            l;ov lkaejdfgjaotjenerkt fjgjdfgjeantlk ]A353674FDFJADFJG0I=302(LIL BRO)
1	  CONSTANCE AND I MADE UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!      And there's no school. I found out when I went to school and Powell told us. The plus side of that is that... (imagine me talking really fast) igottoseeafamilyfriendwhoishotandthatiha veacrushoneventhoughhehasagirlfriend:D Hahaha Gosh I don't think I could be happier at this moment!!!!!!! Hehehe     Much love to all!!!!!    -Sabrina 
1	It's in - the new Mary Higgins Clark!  And I have it!
0	I got 5 out of 5 hugs now....but they are still crying....I am spent.  I don't know what else to do, I hope I can make it through today. I am tired and feeling inadequate.  I hope today is a better day, it's only been 3 days!!!!
1	School is ridiculous. I don't know what I was thinking when I decided to take on an A period...and what's more, thanks to Carla's stubbornness, I can see myself getting tanner by the minute!!  But as it turns out, if all goes as planned, I'll be spending Spring Break up at Reed!  And no, I can't take you with me.
1	yester day i was walkin to the bus and i heard a system and didnt think nothin of it cuz alot off ppl have them then Jared yelled Drew and him and Eric were like drivein right next to me . So we went home and Eric was like im goin hinting till 4 30 and u should come out at that time so he went out then i went out at 4 30 he said he could hear them walkin but he couldnt see them. so i was out there 4 about a half hour and then i saw a doe and 2 fawns but they ran away befor the eat anything cuz dogs were barkin. Right befor dark 2 does came in and then they went to the other feeding area so yea i saw deer yay!!!!!    -Drew-
1	 http://www.merrychristmasfromjames.com/    56k warning but watch it....and plese comment...esp you jess!
1	Charles is at the dentist with Larra. I hope it doesn't hurt too bad. I'm not sure her feeling that on top of PMS is good.  Tasha goes to get her driving test at 3:00pm today, hopefully she passes and doesn't crash my car!!!  I'm off to Mc d's to get a salad. MOre later It's a Bleh day!
1	HEY GUYS.... TODAYS MY BIRTHDAY...... YEEEEEEEA BABY ~~~ IM FINALLY 21. OH YEA....... WELL, IM OFF TO WORK.... LOVE YOU GUYS. ~ CHRISTI ~
0	Well, just said goodbye to my roomie and I probably will never see her again, which is making me kinda verklempt.  She was one of my very first Kent State friends and I must admit I hate to see her go.  And with everything that's happening tomorrow, I can't help but sit here and be emotional and cry a lot.  Just one of many times to come, I'm sure.
0	 if i could do just one near perfect thing i’d be happy they’d write it on my grave, or when they scattered my ashes 
1	got an acceptance letter from uva today for their summer program. gotta wait on a few others. but at least its offical. i will in a dorm for at least one month this summer. fuck yea.
1	if anyone wants to know where i am, i'm at the southsaide movies seeing fever pitch from 7:30 to whenever
0	  I am ridiculously sad today.  It's either because I'm moody or, since nothing else I can pinpoint is different today from any other day, because of Andy.  No, not awesomest-two-day-fling-ever Andy.  This is guy-I-never-paid-much-attention-to-befor e-but-now-I-coincidentally-(or-maybe-fat efully)-have-three-classes-with-and-a-st upid-crush-on Andy.  Note that neither of those       queenkatieett   isms are trademarked, so feel free to use them whenever you may so desire.
1	Today was good. Unresolved issues and tasks still may be over my shoulders, but today it's like nothing could really get me down. Felt smart today; I like that feeling. And I got to let out a lot of my rage by blaming it on the pool incident. It was actually hillarious. I loved it! Props to whoever came up with the idea (heehee I just said props!).
1	I think I'm going to like Thursdays.  I get to sleep in until 11:30, have 3 classes back to back that I like (Japanese, pop culture, and music 222), and don't have to work.  This makes me happy =)
1	Internet woes and rediculous hours of work aside, life's been pretty good...  I've been working tons of hours at the shop, and been getting paid about twice what I normally am for being a stand up guy.  I also joined the gym, and am working out twice a day 5 days a week, and feeling pretty good as a result. It's been a long time since my fat ass has been very active, and now that I'm doing it I wonder what I was thinking sitting around doing nothing all that time.  My boy Russell called me the other day and asked me if I wanted to move to Washington with him and his girlfriend. I told him I'd think about it, and it's looking more and more like yes right now. As good as things are for me right now, all my friends are gone, and it would be good to have a social life again.
1	well seeing this is my last week of uni till i'm off for the holidays i though i might just give you all a little update. I have just finished giving a group presentation that went well and handed in a 3000 word reflective report on it. all i need to do now before Friday is hand in another report and give a presentation on friday morning then i am going out for dinner as there is a lot of us going out for christmas dinner and seeing that they changed it so that i could go and get dinner with them then leave i thought i better go to show my appreciation but i am sure i will enjoy it. Then on tuesday i am off hope to Skye for the holidays and i can't wait to see my wee bro and Mum again although i will have to do work when i am home as i have a dissertation to hand in on the 13th of Jan and also got my exams when i come back but i am sure i will be spoiled never the less!!!!
1	Happy Valentines Day to all my friends and loved ones! *Snugs hugs and kisses!*
1	Today I turned 25.  I'm starting to feel old!  Next thing you know, I'll be 30!  Love you all! I'm off to find a dress to wear to dinner tonight.  Have a good day!
1	Happy Birthday to the coolest girl in MQT!  STEFF PETROS! &lt;3 love her with all my heart.  Things have been going really great, but really slow lately. The days have been going by sooo slow and I think I'm finally getting sick of school. Which is pretty amazing, seeing how school is one of my most favorite things. :( But after spring break maybe things will get better.   Hmm, I'm super pumped for this week. Organizing a massive trip to the movies tonight, should be great! The Ring Two... I'm gonna shit my pants. And tomorrow is twirp! so pumped. Plus, my date is the hottest boy ever :)   Anyways, much love to all.
1	"stolen" from Jeff,      altrocks   :          You Are the Cranberry Sauce              A little sweet, a little sour - you've got the flava! Though, you do tend to squish in people's mouths...         What Part of Thanksgiving Are You?   
1	Olivia!  (and whoever else might be interested!) One of my best friends, Marcus Printup, is in town tonight with the Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra!!  The concert is sold out, but some of them are heading to Pier 23 (off of Embarcadero he says) afterwards for a jam session!  No cover charge and it ought to be cookin'!  If you can go, be sure to go say hi to the trumpet player with dreadlocks, I told him I was telling my San Francisco friends to go. :o)  Here's his bio so you know what he looks like. 
1	I just got an invitation to join Golden Key Honour Society. Apparantly I'm in the top 15% of my class!  Anyone know anything about this organization??
1	and away go the toe nails...    sparkly blue nail polish hella matches my outfit too!
1	"Dear Candidates:   Thank you for taking your time for the telephone interview early this month. This is notification letter for you that you are in finalist for the Nambu Summer Internship Program 2005. We have just sent your application and evaluation from the telephone interview to Pasona in Japan. "  Yay!  I had totally thought that I bombed the phone interview.  They let me know the final result in May.  I cant believe I actually made it to the final round! :D
1	so.  I got a job.  its in Gardner.  woo hoo.. I teach elementary in the  morning, high school in the afternoon, and get to say "F you Old Navy!" when I go to bed at 10 at night.  :)   weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  good christmas/new year/holiday break.
1	I took the quiz again but I'm still Jenny.  I met your sister the other night, Hope. She made me an orange and black cap and it's awesome. I also met Devlin Nash, which was really cool. I had a lot of fun and I really laughed a whole lot. Like a whole lot.  I'm thinking of what to go as for Halloween. Jimmy made me a crown with orange and green stones and maybe I should wear it - I could be a Halloween princess or something, but I'd probably look like a dork. I could go as a Frankenstein girl and put on some makeup to look more like the real me, and that might be cool. Jimmy says he's going to be a rock star. I bet Auntie Itza would have ideas - I should talk to her about costumes. I bet she'll go as something great. My aunt is cool.  Halloween is the best holiday ever. I wish it lasted a whole month!
0	yeah... definitely one of those nights... and what a shame that the air and the grass went to waste... i could've definitely used a stroll in the park...
1	hey all im new here..very small group here. how are you all doing? My name is febe, im 21 and an aries with a  virgo rising. woo. im from texas.  talk to all you beautiful people later:-)
1	So, the day has finally come, I have been given the offer of a job.  The job offer is with Cessna.  The strange thing is that I never even had an interview with them.  I simply got a call, offering a job, so it is odd, but I'm not complaining.  Peace out.
0	Fuck. My brain has become idealistic and my heart pragmatic and realist. This is supposed to be the other way around and is therefore a problem. Fuck.   That makes these quiz results funnier though.             You Are Incredibly Logical               (You got 100% of the questions right)        Move over Spock - you're the new master of logic  You think rationally, clearly, and quickly.  A seasoned problem solver, your mind is like a computer!         How Logical Are You?   
1	I had a really good day today and I'm not sure why. Things were humming along, work was being done, and I just found myself smiling all the time. Even the cold I've got wasn't getting me down.   &#10003;  - decent job  &#10003;  - social life  &#10003;  - place of my own  &#10003;  - great friends  &#10003;  - Sainsbury's Green &amp; Black Olive Houmus
0	I feel like i am reaching out to someone but nobody can help me. I hate this feeling of pain that i have all of a sudden. I can't hide from the truth anymore.   The one i gave my heart that gave it back almost 5 years ago finally took it, and i dont know if this is what i want to get into. I do love him and for the first time he told me that he loved me too. why do i feel so bad? Because my heart hurts when i think of what once was. I don't know what to do.   He told me that i am the only person that breaths the air he does the bleeds the way he does that can hurt him. It made me smile. Part of me loves him but part of me knows things will never change.  I'm depressed and i don't know what to do with myself anymore. I just dont think life should be like this.
1	Well I got my gifts from Nathan. It was more than I was expecting. He got me a dozen white roses, a card with a sweet letter written in it, a small box of chocolates, the Kelly Clarkson CD, the 1st season of Newlyweds!! (def. didn't expect that one), and finally the funny gift was a cheeseburger. haha.... There is a story behind that one. When I used to work at Pal's, I would come see him after I got off work and he told me I smelled like a cheeseburger. So, he started calling me cheeseburger and that is where that came from!!  My sister sent me some chocolate chip cookies which were yummy! So, now I have white roses and different colored carnations in the room. Andrea got flowers too, so our room is covered! Well I have to go finish studying now. Leave me some love... :-)
0	Kolejny quiz, tym razem słodziutki głupiutki, acz wynik niespodziwanie trafny :-)    Light! You are tha Angel of Light, Hikari. She is very concered about ridding Darkness from the World. She tries her best to restore light in peoples Hearts before try to purify them completly. She get's along best with Annon (The Angel of Peace).      What Important Angel are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	It's been quite some since i last updated my blog. Haiz what to do, no computer ah. Still can't make up my mind which one to buy. This week is the last week of work before central band go for their block off. It's kinda boring in camp when most of the people are on off already. Hafiz collected his pink ic yesterday. Finally he is free. Wish him all the best man. Central band cancelled two full band sessions due to the small strength of musicians coming back to work. In the end, stanley, winston, clive and me went for band B's full band instead hah. Well, band B has really improved on their sound compared to last time. And the players there are so much better now.  Daniel gave all of us sweets for christmas. That's very nice of him. And i managed to give out my presents before everyone disappear into thin air.  Though it has been a boring throughout the days most of the time, i enjoyed it anyway. Maybe things are going well for me. There's always table tennis to play anyway.
1	I found this while searching for how to print silver lettering on black paper.     Women are like apples on trees. The best ones are at the top of the tree. Most men don't want to reach for the good ones because they are afraid of falling and getting hurt. Instead, they just take the rotten apples from the ground that aren't as good, but easy.  The apples at the top think something is wrong with them, when in reality, they're amazing. They just have to wait for the right man to come along, the one who's brave enough to climb all the way to the top of the tree. Share this with other women who are good apples, even those who have already been picked!  Now Men.... Men are like a fine wine. They begin as grapes, and it's up to women to stomp the s**t out of them until they turn into something acceptable to have dinner with.  heheheheh
1	hmm, well i got my braces on a few days ago. not fun. um, i havent gotten megan mail yet! lizzy if you're reading this im dying to hear about your movie!! and have fun tonight with cheno (brooke too :)) okay, well i think thats it. oh and aurora if you're reading this im dying to hear about the competition :) yeyy! okay, well today im going shopping for a nyc outfit :) 4 days :) haha ok, "TTFN" lovealways
1	      slow_mo_panda    - thank you SO much for calling me! It's a great ending to my day. :-)  *hugs you*
1	  Uh-MazE-iNG day!! Church this mornin as usual... my friends got me Win a Date with Tad Hamilton which equals good times, and a really awesome pink shirt that says 'FEISTY' on it! But guess what? It doesn't fit... not even close. I'm thinkin about givin it to Rachael. After church we had early Christmas w/ my dad's side of the family. One word. Disfunctional. Wow... thats all I gotta say! haha. My uncle is enagaed to a woman he's known for a month and it'll be her 5th marriage... if that doesn't say it all I don't know what will... gotta a lot of presents though...      Then after church tonight we had a little youth group Christmas party which was pretty cool! Had a much needed chat w/ my Soul Sister whom I love so much!! Alos a good chat w/ my bro... kinda weird but it was alright... for him. I love all my amazing friends sOoOoO much! Without them... I don't know what&nbsp;I would do!       &lt;3  
1	So far life has been pretty good.  School is going good except AP PSEO english is lame and i wish i could just shoot myself in that class.  reading a book called the Dubliners and he wants us to go really in depth about it and its really boring to me so its hard to get into it.  Anyways work is becoming more chaotic as we get closer to after thanksgiving cause then the malls hours are longer so more money but more working ugh.  PPH3 was fun and i finsihed top 8 out of 61 people.  Ummm got a big math compeitition this sat gotta get up before 7 and saturday is me and christinas 6 months wooohoooo :-D.  I'll comment more later peace o yeah christina i'd better not hear about the "song that never ends" again. lol inside joke
1	well the hype is over and there's nothing left to look forward to except sophomore semi but thats in April!!! the 30th!!! thats forever away. i dont wanna be repetitive so i'll just rattle off a few things: stepped in God only knows what, all the people who wanted to be individuals looked the same, saw some X-rated stuff and some funny looking people&lt;-- laughing at them took up the first 15 minutes or so, i got beautiful flowers :0), was wicked nervous in the beginning but got more comfortable as the night went on thats all for now bub bye
1	 the happier i get ...the more miserable he becomes.    &nbsp;    and that is why next year can't work. 
1	     Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Holiday               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	"you have to let your heart lead you...even if its some place you know you shouldn't be!"  story of MY life!
0	 Its raining in Calicut:). Again. And I am so happy about it. Probably  because these are going to be by and far the last rains I am going to  watch from my room. And those rainbows from my balcony ofcourse! I am  going to miss all this :(.. 
1	Well I just going to dedicate this entry to my mum's birthday. Well she has been such a great help to me in all those years when i needed it. She has given me invaluable adive over the years. So I want to say that I love you mum.  And for my qotd is  A family is a place where minds come in contact with one another. If these minds love one another the home will be as beautiful as a flower garden. But if these minds get out of harmony with one another it is like a storm that plays havoc with the garden. - Buddha
0	      You're  Les Miserables !   by Victor Hugo     One of the best known people in your community, you have become something of a phenomenon. People have sung about you, danced in your honor, created all manner of art in your name. And yet your story is one of failure and despair, with a few brief exceptions. A hopeless romantic, you'll never stop hoping that more good will come from your failings than is ever possible. Beware detectives and prison guards bearing vendettas.      Take the  Book Quiz  at the  Blue Pyramid .   
0	 Well, what to write??...  Been having strange dreams again.  It's probably all just in my head, but I can't shake the feeling that something isn't right.  I keep saying the wrong things to and around Else, and my foot isn't tasting any better each time.  I wish I would think first and then speak around her sometimes.  I guess it's hard to think when you're functioning on just a few hours' sleep.  I fell asleep in the courtyard and had the same dream there too.  Too wierd.  I'm glad I didn't fall into the flowerbed or I'm sure Ms. Culpepper would skin me alive.    Professor Tsu'Wan gave me a necklace today to summon me to the Hospital Ward should he need me in an emergency.  I hope my instructors will understand when I bolt out of their class in the middle of lecture.  I wouldn't want a detention or anything. 
1	Happy VD everyone.  Hope you get your heart's desires.   I opened the door today to a floral delivery guy.  The Karen is a happy girl.        karinbee    sent my Tulips!  *dance*  She's sweet.   Now...now I am off to class.
0	.x. 10 HP5 book quotes - from the beginning. There were supposed to be more, but I got bored. .x. comment, credit, no editing, no hotlinking.  01.   02.        03.   04.    05.   06.    07.   08.    09.   10.  
1	 YAY!  Shane got me a camera (a nikon 4.0) AND a 512 memory card for christmas. amazing amazing AMAZING! He is my hero:        Malka   Shane et moi   Shane playing with santa   Emo Chlo   Through a blue lense   Elaina and Chloe= SO CUTE!     ...and a little bit crazy too...     PS. I'll post the BGS and NEWYEARS pics as soon as i can figure out how to get the pictures from photobase to photobucket. At the moment i'm freaking out because i deleted all of the BGS and NY's pictures from my camera after i downloaded them into photobase and now i cant open them from photobase. grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. PPS. here is sat:  
1	so apparently, im spose to write in this shiiiiiit  my lifes just been going.  nothing excitings been happening, same old, same old  im excited for summer...  thats all i got..  Bbytumble05: tara kicks ass! Bbytumble05: haha sike  later yall
1	Will I wake up some dream I made up No I guess it's reality What will change us or will we mess up our only chance to connect with a dream  (chorus) Say a prayer for me iSay a prayer for me/i Say a prayer for me  Say a prayer for me iSay a prayer for me/i I'm buried by the sound Of a world of human wreckage In a world of human wreckage X2 Where i'm lost and I'm found and I can't touch the ground I'm plowed into the sound  To see wide open with a head that's broken Hang a life on a tragedy Plow me under the ground that covers the message that is the seed  (chorus) Say a prayer for me iSay a prayer for me/i Say a prayer for me  Say a prayer for me iSay a prayer for me/i I'm buried by the sound Of a world of human wreckage In a world of human wreckage X2 Where i'm lost and I'm found and I can't touch the ground I'm plowed into the sound  Will I wake up some dream I made up No I guess it's reality
0	i ate way too much today. and i didnt work it off or put it back out, and i hate myself for it now. my stomach sticks out farther than my boobs, and my six-pack is now gone. i understand now why i puke, starve myself, and cut: cuz i hate myself and deserve it ALL. a purge urge is so similar to the cutting urge: a darkness in your gut. it makes total sense now. but how come i cant be wat i wanna be??? WHAT THE HELL DO I HAFTA DO???    "Looking at my own reflection, When suddenly it changes, Violently it changes, Oh no, there is no turning back now, You've woken up the demon in me..." 
1	Apparently there is a concerted effort from some of my old co-workers at XcelleNet to get me back in the door again.  It feels nice to be wanted....  now the next question?   $$$$$$$$$$$$$
0	Aaah.. wanted to see "Kontroll" at the Boston Film Festival tonight but no one wants to go, and I don't really want to go by myself.. supposedly it's going to be Hungary's entry for the Best Foreign Film Oscar, so maybe that ups my chances of finding it to rent..
1	I can't wait til tonight!  Last night we taught Saul how to waltz in preparation for the ball, which was surprisingly successful. After mastering the basic steps he danced with Max while Mum played things like "I vow to thee my country" on the piano, because real waltzes are so much too fast (!), and then he danced with me while Max played the Blue Danube of Death, less than half the speed it's meant to go and with the left hand doubled at the octave, complete with glissandos up and down the piano...Then Mum played faster waltzes while I danced with Max, and when it got too fast he just picked me up and whirled me round the room in my huge silk ball skirt, and we danced like that...  Saul looked absolutely gorgeous in white tie. I can't wait to see what Max looks like.
0	My two favorite cats from the Hermitage are gone. One of them was adopted, though, which is good cause the leukimia cats don't get adopted much, but the other one died:-( It made me really sad, she was so sweet and really young.
1	 So, I started at my new school  this past Monday.&nbsp; It was better than I expected, and I actually  kinda like it.&nbsp; Hopefully things will go good and I won't end up  hating the school or somthing.        Next week I get my  mole removed, finally! haha, but I'm kinda excited for that.&nbsp; I've  been waiting like a million years to get it off and finally it's gonna  be done.          And,  THE  most exciting thing that's gonna happen:     CANDICE     comes   here   ON   THANKSGIVING  !!!      Yea and I deffinatly just    CAN   NOT    wait for this!&nbsp;      It's gonna be so   weird ,  yet   so exciting   to see her again!     I'm just anticipating her arrival.  
0	i miss  "The Young Ones"...  /= i was too liberal when i put milk in my hot tea... i don't like it... \=
1	Yes, I'm getting a Tattoo. ;)   I'm going to get it to my lower back, on both sides of the spine. And in the middle there is going to be a pentacle, then the sign of the God around the Pentacle. And of course the sign of the Goddess divided on both sides of the sign of the God. Hope you understand this...?   Then the rest of the tattoo is going to be tribal-type figures so it will be as wide as my back, I think. :)   It's gonna cost me 300 euros but it's worth it.
0	                                                                                 AQUA           You enjoy life, humor, and being exuberant. Wherever you go you usually find yourself stealing the spotlight without even trying. You love to let go and have fun.                Find out your color at Quiz Me!                                 discover what candy you are @ quiz me             discover your inner candy heart @ quiz me             The Completely Pointless Personality Quiz              find your inner PIE @ stvlive.com             Discover your Zodiac Personality @ Quiz Me      
1	omgosh group counceling was great ahhh  there are so many coo; kids there just like me its awsom ahh oh i like aaron in my 4th period i dont care who knows it i would have gone with someone they know who they are but they are with someone know ahh aaron so sweet and nice and omgosh he is hott  jennie if you read this it was the one in our first period last semester the cool one   ahhh life is looking up yes sir ree  ahh i love it  i just realy hope he likes me the way i like him it seems like he does hmm dunno but yeah love you guys Chancie jennie josh josh katie and anyone else who need the love love candace
1	OhmyGODS! (and other stuff!)  This week/end is too much excitement! I don't know if I can take anymore!! I think I might explode! It's all too crazy! I love it!! EEEE!!!
0	so yet again i managed to fail at the one thing i enjoy.  it looks like it is back to jays for me for a little while.  i am currently looking for another job so that i will not have to be there for very long but i have to do what i have to do.  it is just getting to be to much for me to try and arrange a ride to and from work every day.  i do thoroghly enjoy the job that i have right now but the stress of trying to get there every day is just to much.  i did also have some fun at jays and it will work for the short term.  we will see what happens from here.  i am hoping to be able to get a job at the y soon.  that would be awsome.  we will see.  i will post more when i have a job.  later
1	This concludes another evening of 'Bricky and Tayzle fall asleep on the phone and woke up not knowing how they hung it up'. x.x Luvvit! *picks strands of hair off the compy screen* I'm.. shedding. Eesh. WOOOOOOOOO! Brass Quintet preforms TODAY 8D Oh m'gawsh! I really hope I don't make them suck. x.x Tuba solo=RARITY.  My confidence level? Down the chromium waterfall, baby. Aie!  Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimpers. I looooooooooooooooooff you. ^^ Feel better, damnit. Don't make me put on the frilly things and dance at you. I'll do it. I SWEAR!  And, in other news.. Oh m'gawsh! 18 more days. x.x Freakin'.. Grarr! *glares at calendar* Hurryuphurryuphurryuphurryup.. Rarrness an'a grry-chrr. Pfft. So slow. n.u  *snoogles Tayzle* Havva g'day, sweet'eart. I'll talkatchoo when I gets a-homeness.   Luffaluffs to all!  ‡Bricket, Anticipating Squirrel, Out. *************   When Brian Boitano was in the alps fighting grizzley bears He used his magical FIRE BREATH and SAVED The MAIDENS FAIR! 
1	   It came!  I love it!  SO much better than playing on my Pop'n Music ASC (duh). Oh man IIDX is awesome.
1	i think im going to the mall today. actually, i KNOW im going to the mall, but when im getting picked up from nat's, thats the question...
1	&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  
1	YIPPEE! I'm done with English 10bx!  The final was okay; I knew 15 of the IDs (at least I think I do) and that's enough; and then I wrote and rambled my way through the three paragraph discussions of the selections and the big essay.  I probably could've finished earlier or written a better essay, but it's all good.  I'm done with my first Harvard final! hurrah!   now, I will go study for Knowledge of Language.      -Jannie
1	I am covered in the largest, most beautiful snowflakes I have ever seen in all my life. I am also dripping all over the School of Social Work. There is a goodly amount of dripping, as       i_am_tired    might say.  I am also filled with       kernighan   -love. Eeeee!!!  I am mad at the library because they've recalled my Jane Chance book. Yes, I know it belongs to the library but it is MY Jane Chance book. And it costs $105.57 used on Amazon. O university publishers, you grieve me so.  I don't know why I'm writing in my lj, let alone why I'm writing such unimportant things in my lj. I guess it's because I believe that if lj is for anything, it's for writing happy unimportant things on a snowy day. You people who are going somewhere exciting for spring break: be happy and joyful in your exploits! You people who do not attend the University of Michigan and won't have spring break for another month: envy us, for we are blessed.   Yea verily. 
1	I was on Ebay this morning fighting people over some really great stones :-)  I hadn't purcahsed any for quite awhile, so I was really feeling the urge.  I ended up getting some beautiful stones carved in the shape of leaves!  Gorgeous!!  **Happy Dance**
1	Ok, this is my first entry. My grandparents came today. We might go somewhere tomarrow. Brett hasn't been on TORC all day I think, so I haven't talked to him:(  Last night I did one of those things you fill out and e-mail to your friends and I did one today. I hope they fill them out and send them back. *looks hopeful* But not likely.:(  Ara
1	My knuckles are broken from beating on your front door. The flowers I carried wilted in the rain.    But now it doesnt matter and this really makes no sense.   Looking forward to going to work with peoples tomorrow, at the mall again.  blah.
1	Stock option check arrived today!  And there was much rejoicing.  And now to go deposit it and hit up Best Buy for a goodie or two.
0	I want to move out of my mom's house, but I don't want to go to my dad's. So I'm stuck. And miserable. Please, god, somebody, help.
1	Just got the call from       hexslinger   , Terry had her baby.  Taylor Morgana Vehrencamp , born at 12:17 last night, she's 7 lbs 7 oz and 20 inches long. A few complications but Terry and Taylor are doing fine and will be in hospital for...I think       hexslinger    said three days. I have the hours and room number for any of our friends who wanna pop up and visit, Hex still doesn't have all of our numbers.Or feel free to call and congratulate and get the info from him.
0	It's been a busy few days, I should really update. Let's make this short and simple and I will give the highlights of my oh so boring life.  1) Just got back from The Brat's B-Day party of screaming girls and drunk adults. Even though I am off work I still ened up working by making sure a PS2 was in stock after a special order was made... Work never ends.  2) I went and saw closer. "How Soon Is Now" was played in a strip club. Woman behind me credited the song to The Cure. I tried to hold my tounge but ened up turning around and correcting her. Jay said he wanted to hit me, but dammit, I couldn't help it.  3) "Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now" played on the raidio this morning and I sat in my car while the entire staff of work watched me sing along. It kept me from going insane.  4) I'm feeling quite miserable since it's been raining for over a week.  5) I miss people
1	Thank God for state b-ball tourney.  Northeast has the day off and i am enjoying it.  Went shopping and finally found a skirt at a good length for me. Also I think i am going to the Q tonight for strip night, if any one is up for it, i.e. Molly, give me a call, Enoch invited and we want to get there early!!!!    I think I am going to take a nap.
1	HOLY FUCKING SHIT I GOT IN!!! I GOT IN I GOT IN I GOT IN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	         Available Characters  |  Rules  |  Application  |  Taken Characters   Plot:  The cast of LotR was going on a private cruise when they were shipwrecked on an uninhabited, uncharted island. Also, because of the heat, they get delirious and shag like bunnies. Except that part doesn't actually have to happen, so don't take it as a dictate from your mods or anything; this was just made up quite haphazardly and we felt that needed to be said.  This community is  extremely   slash  friendly and takes place on Livejournal.
1	i also found fossils in the past few days.  Rock on for 65 million year old shells
1	   I want to adopt this adorable cute little fugger :)  owwww :)  ^_________^  xoxox ang
1	I finally got it. My Full Metal ALchemist Necklace. I hope you all get to see it:p Its so pretty.
1	I have tickets for the first (well, unless they announce more) Tears gig at the Zodiac in December.  No comments along the lines of they will be shit/ the name is shit/ suede were shit anyway please, as I'm quite excited!    I also might be able to go to Haines and Vertigo next week, which would also be cool.    I went to the library so I have some books.   All.
1	welli i've starting making good money now about 2 grand a month so i decide to get back into body building and boxing don't worry ppl i'm, still a punkrocker i just need to get the proority right in my life it all good so i decide to two stop the drug intake and alchol for a month or so just till i get threw the first cycle of clembutrol aand testorone steroids i foy u knew me when i was 14 i was much skinner and had much more muscle after these too cycles i should have lost 35 pounds and gain 40 pounds of muscle and get my body fat down too 15% i have been getting up at 6 in the morning heading two the gym running for two hours and lifting for 3 i should see great results in a couple of weeks or so i weigh my meals an everything so i'm just try too do good for myself
0	 I have not posted regarding Terri Schiavo. I have only listened and watched a nation and households debate and divide over what would be a womans life. I still have not even come to a decision on what even my own wishes would be.     So for now just a quiet prayer for Terry. God Bless.    &nbsp; 
1	going to see  rent  with crystal, crystal's mom (which i'm excited to meet) and grace (of course would like to meet the popular grace, that gets talked about all the time might i add lol) nxt week ! - 25th of feb    i've never seen it before... crys' seen it 7 times i think she said.. lol  i'm excited.. itd be nice to GO OUT lol...  kay bye
1	Today was the last day for exams! I'm so happy. Tomorrow is the last day of school!!!! *cheers for all the days off we get* Looking forward to Kate's party. ah, well. Gotta go. Bye bye! Merry Christmas all of yall!
1	The Cloud Room is perfect after work  if you get here at 5
1	 I going to do it. I'm going to try and clean my room today.  Dammit and I'm going to make progress!  
1	Shopping Report:  "Confessions of a Shopaholic (the BEST book I've read in a while...you gotta love a heroine who works in finance and loathes it just like me)  5 shirts, including one I've been eyeing for months  2 pair of pants  1 orange down coat  Money left over: $50 cash and $50 Goody's card  Overall, a successful day.  Tomorrow I hit Sugar and Spice to check out their sale.     Christmas tally:  silver dangly Gypsy earrings antique silver bracelet white gold bezel set studs white gold and diamond initial necklace 2 purses black bead earrings initial bracelet pajamas socks Kare Bear ornament perfume jewelry bag Money   Not bad...  I'm about to go hang out with Lori and D.J., both of whom I haven't seen in ages.  It should be fun.  I'll be back on later to do the quiz thingy, because 2003 has been quite a year for me.
1	Last night was truely breathtaking. I didnt think EN could be better then they been last year, but they were!   I also just got a free ticket to Dead Can Dance for tomorrow night!  I feel like its my birthday or something.
0	yea this week has been fun, just got the last of my foot problems out of the way yay im done no more problems, and now i can wrestle with nothing to worry about no pain, nothin. ok yea i seriously need those photos from homecoming. got this huge spanish report due, we have to do a debate in spanish... seriously come on... politcal debate in spanish! What's sad is im full hispanic and don't speak spanish fluently... lol oh well
1	Okay, can we just never let Mariano Rivera pitch against the Red Sox? They've obviously figured out how to hit him (which puts them one up on the other 28 teams). Derek Jeter saved it all with his walkoff home run (only his second, and his first in the regular season), but damn.  And Hideki Matsui is  still  on a pace to hit 162 home runs. *laughs*
0	For the nth time, I have woken up.  Many times I have woken up, only to fall back asleep again.  The dreams were too good to give up.  But now I find it hurts to be awake because I slept for too long.  I will count the hours until I fall asleep again...
1	      &nbsp;      43 1/2 SCHOOL DAYS LEFT...        ...AND 66 MORE DAYS UNTIL WE LEAVE!        It's gonna be so amazing... I love you girls &lt;3   
1	Meghan would be going to NEW YORK CITY for college!!!
1	Well my nephew should be here in about two or three more hours. It sucks that I can't be there with everybody. :-( But, Mom said I should come in Thursday night. Hope went into labor at 5:30 in the evening and they told her he should be born at 3 or 4 in the morning. So, I'll edit this entry whenever I hear all the news in the morning!! By the way, I updated more of my pics on the Radford and Max Album. I went ahead and put the link on my journal, so check it out! You will be able to see that Max has gotten very big in the last couple of months!! I'm praying that we will have another snow day tomorrow, but I don't think it is going to happen. Well I'm going to head to bed now. Until in the morning....  EDIT: It is 12:13 and he still isn't born. It won't be more than 3 more hours though, so I'll post it when I come back from class.
1	     Your love is... by   ChibiMarronchan        Your name is...           Your kiss is...    mysterious      Your hugs are...    warm      Your eyes...    twinkle in the moonlight      Your touch is...    heart warming      Your smell is...    refreshing      Your smile is...    hypnotising      Your love is...    everlasting             Created with the ORIGINAL   MemeGen  !     
1	    &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    jagermeister is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        It speaks the truth!
1	hello. =)I have to do a stupid skit with boys. Dumba boys. connor belson..... =P um... EWW! lol. They make me do ALL the work. I work the play and made the props while everyone else in my group was watching other peoples skits. I guess I'm the slave of the group. But besides that, things are going regularly. Lili's a burr, school is boring... that kind of stuff. So... tomorrow the japanese peoples are coming! I'm soooo excited! I'll try to update more frequently. Bye!
0	whiny whine whine bitch moan whine whine whimper snivel grousegrousegrouse snivel. kvetch.
0	 jeez laweez.....why cant the sonics shots fall?? everything is falling for the sixers! im so disgusted, and lazy, to write anymore....maybe later    bye Rach 
0	Spent my V-day sleeping the whole afternoon away. Then gave tuition in the evening. Met up with Roger at 9pm, chatted till midnight at WTC, then met up with Carol and Danny at TB Plaza to watch "Catch Me If U Can". Good show, but way too long. I should have expected it. Tom Hanks mah.  Had diarrhea(i still can't spell this word) today. My digestive system is going mad. Irregular meals.  Gotta slp early tonight. Worship duty tomolo. Nite~
1	so...i've been talking to shana about coming up to visit. so in the beginning of may she is going to come. and on her birthday outbreak is playing. guess what we are doing? i'm excited.
0	Jesper has little brothers. Jesper likes The Beatles. Jesper wants to learn how to drink tea.  I would write conversations down if I wasn't so depressed. Why am I always so depressed? I don't like being 15. &gt;_
1	I just had lunch with 2 women from an email list I belong to. They're very nice. I think I've made 2 good friends. They invited me to a picnic and a party afterwards taking place tomorrow. I'm going to go. Geez! this is the most social I've been in a looooong time.
0	Why do relationships have to ruin such great people?  Why the bi-polar-like mood swings?  Why do people get blinded from reality because of them?    I thought you were stronger than that...    I know who you are.           ...Do you? 
1	  i'm going to   FRIGHT FEST  !   (fri the 29th)      and jay 2.      holla back chill'uns.      i still can't believe we FINALLY worked it out to go. jesus  christmas  christ it only took&nbsp;  2   years.   expect many many many fun pics in the near upcoming future.   I can feel the excitement, it's tittilating.  
1	Running up that hill...  Dentist appointment went smashingly well.  I will be having all the remaing teeth extracted 2 weeks from today and then after a period of 6-8 weeks healing time I will get the impression done for dentures.  Maryland Silver Queen corn on the cob here I come!!!!  Then I come home to even better news.... it has been determined that I am still disabled, and my checks will resume minus 10 percent to pay back for the time I 'didn't need it'.  No skin off my nose, tyvm.  So now, I'm rocking to Kate Bush's Greatest Hits and thinking of how much nicer it will be to do karaoke when I have teeth to smile with!  Yahoooooooooooo!
1	The other day, I asked  Angela  to marry me and she said yes.
0	Mouse flew down the hall from  extra cafe  blinded by tears of anger and fear. She was scared that Salene wouldn't love her anymore.  Why did they have to come here? To this mall?  Mouse thought angrily. Things were just fine without them as far as she was concerned. Now, it felt like the rug had been pulled out from under her. Mouse had no idea what was going on or what to do with her emotions. Salene had told her they could talk about things, but how was she supposed to start on a topic like this? She threw herself onto her bed, and buried her face into a stuffed animal, tears leaking from her eyes even as she tried to hold them back.
1	I just picked my first fruits of the season:  4 large bell peppers, an Anaheim chili, and a Mucho Nacho pepper (a new variety for us)!!   (There are tons of tomatoes, but so far all are still very very green. These will probably wait to ripen until we are out of town.)  Yippee!!  Now, what is the best way to showcase these for dinner?
1	Life is so good today. and for the past week or so. my biggest problems are physics (which isn't a problem, it's a minor inconvenience that i am choosing to ignore, for the most part) and my general laziness (which is pretty minor in the large scope of things).  The first volleyball game. amy will probably tell you the playing stuff, but as a manager, it was kinda bad. my trainee doesn't really know what she's keeping track of. she said she does, but i think she's overwhelmed. so it's gotta get better. doesn't it?  any way. i gotta do my homework now. joy of ultimate joys.
1	Last week has been nice, nothing special...but that's good enough. I'm looking forward to tomorrow.  I'm going to London with my artacademy and we'll stay there till sunday.  We plan to visit at least 3 musea a day, so it will be very hectic.  The cool thing is that we've got an excellent guide.  My teacher knows so much about art.  The bad thing is that I have to get up tomorrow at 4.30 and it ain't for managal arti. :-) I hope I'll bump into Madonna somewhere! :-) haha  Next thursday I'm going to Switserland to visit Juan.  I'm looking forward to it, because I haven't been in Switserland since the summer.  In the meantime he moved to his new appartment and I haven't seen it yet.  I'm curious. Lately we have been talking less because first his sister was there and than he had other friends staying over, so we couldn't talk that long.  So it will be good to spend some quality time together again.  Anyway, I wish you all a very nice weekend!  Shout out loud GAURANGA!!!  Hugs,  Vasu
1	i know i have not posted in a wile but that is because i have not been doing much. i may have a job soon. i have an interview tomarrow at 10 am. something tells me i may get this job. im sure ill post about how things go.   oh yeah i saw sin city on friday i really liked it  oh the only other thing i have been doing is watching fear and loathing in las vagas.this is one of those movies i cant stop watching.
1	this one's even better!  http://media.euniverse.com/funpages/cms _content/4232/freddie3.swf 
1	Took a  photo  last night at the party with Redbacks SLR and I must say I'm happy with it. Feel like a bit of a "look at me look me type wanker". Oh well.
1	TOMARROW.. AT THE LOFT.. FIFTEEN DOLLARS.. AT SEVEN PM   JOHN CAMERON MITCHEL AND HIPGNOSIS! COME AND SUPPORT ARIZONA'S ONLY HEDWIG SHADOW CAST!   HOLLY.. THIS IS WHAT YOU WANTED TO GO TO!  Jai
0	I saw the ring 2 today it was so good!  I went in the hot tub with Marsie today man good times right there!  He's been getting really distant lately and I hate it. I'm so sad and I don't know what to do...
1	 Lisl Auman won a new trial .  Hunter S. Thompson may be gone, but this is one very large bit of good that he did and hopefully pays off.
0	He's still not home. I can't deal with this sh*t anymore.  He said he would be here and once again he's not. F*ck him. I don't need this stress and disrespect. If I had done this to him, he'd be pissed beyond belief. Maybe I will. Maybe I'll tell him that I'll go with him tomorrow and I'll make other plans. maybe i'll make him sleep on the couch because I'm so disgusted right now that I don't want him near me. maybe I'll pack his sh*t and tell him to leave. I'm afraid of being hurt, so I'll get him before he gets me. I can see it a mile away, and I'm going to stop it.
0	so aj stepped on one of the kittens head and now it is dead. it was bleeding all over benny and he had just gotten here... poor thing!
1	Today was excellent! I decided I needed some new CD's so I went to best buy and bought, T.I, Our Lady Peace, No Doubt's greatest hits, and Elton Johns greatest hits, God is good. Ive been binge shopping lately because im a big money baller, I bought two shirts from AE and a necklace from Abercrombie online. Mail is cool. I didnt have to work at Banana, woohoo, and I went to the gym and got my stomach back! YEssa. Tomorrow is a late arrival day, gaay. Thursday I have a field trip to SOLID WASTE AUTHORITY, too cool for school. I will post pictures. Im out
1	AHHHHHHHHHHHH today I found out that there will be a HUGE charity concert in the Hartwall arena here in Helsinki.. and the bands that will perform are..  HIM, Negative, The Rasmus, The 69 Eyes and Apocalyptica!  ALL THESE GREAT BANDS AT ONCE! It's just... EEEEEEEK! And when will this be..?? January 17 already! :-o On such short notice! Well it makes sense since it's for the Tsunami victims.. WELL I HAVE TO GO! I'm not gonna miss HIM another time! And having HIM, The Rasmus and Apocalyptica together means.. they will most probably perform BITTERSWEET! Aaaaand Negative is there AHH! And The 69 Eyes! And just.. man! My mom wants to come too since she likes HIM a lot :D This is just so.. amazing! YIPPEE! :D
1	Sweet delicious icon made by Brianne. Yes, it made my day. XD True, he wasn't the Tristan of lore at all but I -loved- him all the same. :P  The apartment at last looks like a place worth inviting people over to. *G* Rilly and Ven already saw it, but now its in its pseudo- clean state. I own waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayy too many books, given that our storage and shelves are full and I still have about 20 boxes of manga and books at my inlaws.   Uftaki, you have to come see it!!!  Painting Dracostellarum's fertility god, (XD he looks hilarious) and looking everywhere for Vird's package. Little bastard Drayton hid the pic yet -again- I knew I should've shipped the pic the minute that I found it. ARGH!  Commission under way, and the muse is sporking me because I forgot blatah's update yesterday. Must remedyt that today.  MAGGS! Your package came and he fits most of them already and.. and... you rock my world.! ^_^ Soon there should be some pics on their way yesss! :D :D:D
0	 The sound of rain Steady with the beating of my heart Thunder - The sound of walls caving in When will the storm inside me stop?    One day my smile will not be false. One day. 
1	mayhaps..... if this would work..... i would like to claim van helsing's virginity! this my friends, is a VERY good idea. =D
1	went running this morning. i think i need to start going the other way...i think i hit a wall on the apt. beach apt. run...i run it all now...but i don't feel like i'm doing it any fast... i think i'll start going apt -&gt; beach -&gt; super 8 -&gt; apt.....maybe...we'll see  yesterday i took my bike to downwind (aka the devil) for a tune up. didn't end up costing much, so i was happy with that...i just picked it up. parts an labor came to 26.89. they did recommend doing something with the front bearings...i don't really remember what it was...if it doesn't cost much, i might have it done when i get the road tires....  other than that...day is going great so far...i do have to work at 3 though...oh well.   -d
1	        krissy and gramma sue           krissy lynnie and owen     owen        margie        margie and me     me    
1	 Taxi Driver, Taxi Uncle....are there really Taxi driver??&nbsp;     kekekke....is always interesting to hear their view points on recent HOT topic in Singapore.    Taking a taxi ride from office to home is always an interesting experience. Two days in the role I have been having a little interesting conversation with 2 respective taxi drivers on "Casino in Singapore". Both have extreme completely different view point towards this issue....I believe a decision was long DECIDED by the govt. That's how politic function here....*yawn*    I will be heading to Perth tomorrow, eventhough is a rush business trip again. Still looking forward to take a look at the Swan river...been 5 years since my last visit. Wonder how's Russel now =)      &nbsp; 
1	kk, heres my last update until after Europe. woo!  geomatry~ ughhh. definatly my lest favorite class. break~"Like Milking Cows!" hahaha! like this! english~wrote about magic words lol lunch~went outside. kris and sandra fought. water/perfume. kristin rolled over sandra lol. bio~media center. long paper to do ugh. multimedia~did some h/w. shelby and kristin were cats or soemthing lol. played some tetris caus eit wouldn't be multimedia w/o tetris. got a wonderful note from gar gar.  EUROPE TOMORROW! :D  BYE!
1	I love my boyfriend Ryan, he is the most amazing guy ever :-* I GOT A PAID ACCOUNT + EXTRA ICONS. I'm so happy. People, make me icons cause I suck :-* Oh I'm doing the "username - hi I love you" thing that was going around, I'm just not finished, hopefully it will be done later today! I LOVE RYAN SO MUCH. Oh come online sometime, will you love? :-*   I do need a new layout too :[
1	So Mike bought his plane ticket to Vegas. So I'm going to Vegas. For Thanksgiving. With a boy. I'm excited. *grin*  School and work have been kicking my ass this last week so I made time to come home and relax a little. And now that I'm at home I can use my mom's computor to get my ipod working *squee* this is awesome!  My legs are so sore from rugby. I really need to get in shape if we're going to do good this year. Go me! *throws confetti* I'm such a spaz right now.  I love you and miss you all and hope you are all having a wonderful weekend!!
1	I'm downloading the first episode of the Live Action Mars Series *euphoric happiness*  I've been trying to track down a torrent for the beginning of it for weeks now.  Sooo excited *__*   Edit : I just found a gorgeous high quality scan of Lucifer from Kaikan Phrase (apparently it's from a Newtype Postcard.  OMG *saves and plans to make codes from it for fanlisting* &lt;333  Kaikan Phrase is so gonna get a shrine.  Yes it is.  That, RahXephon, RK Kyoto Arc and Stars *snuggles series fanlistings*  Btw, if anyone can hook me up with mp3s from or a store that still has any of the Kaikan Phrase soundtracks I will love you forever. *hopeful look*
1	a pledge for phi gamma delta. gettin th e beer belly goin. takin care of my shit. lifes a blast. livin large for another day today is just a good day
1	                                                           so we've fallen in love. [it was the best idea i ever had]  
0	Turns out I was misinformed the first time about my grandmother's condition. At her last checkup they gave her at most twelve weeks, but think it may be more like three or four. They also expect within the next two weeks for her to start to forget who people are and fade fast after that.  I know where her soul is going though, and have faith that GOD knows what is best. He will take care of her, here or in Heaven. I am concerned about my grandfather though, I know this isn't easy for him. They love each other very much, and I have a difficult time seeing one without the other. end
1	1. I'm a terrible student. I consider "getting ahead" starting a project at 5 pm the day before it's due.  2. I'm addicted to television. I taped 3 hours of television... just tonight.  3. I'm a really bad correspondent.     True story...  On my way home to Waco, I almost had to pull over the car because I was choking on my spit from singing  I Want it That Way  by the Backstreet Boys.    Things I'm Obsessed With  Right Now ...  ~ Bumble and Bumble Hair Powder... hurray for sleeping 20 minutes longer and powdering your dirty hair  ~ My Uggs... so cozy, yet passe ~ 75% off BCBG !  ~ Sleep !    Coolest Thing Happening This Week:  ~ Seeing the Buffy Musical episode on the big screen... as a SING-ALONG ! Not  ONCE, but TWICE!!! 
1	When I woke up this morning I spoke your name out loud It drifted from my mouth like fog drifts from a cloud... It settled on my pillow,for a moment it was as if you were there I pushed my face into the fabric...I can still smell your hair... Oh how you ravish my every thought...Oh how you float silently through all my dreams The stitches of my world have deteriorated into ragged seams... Bring me back together david with your arms tight around me And speak of all the things you wished we could be...
1	   happy one week joey!!!        im so happy.....that u asked me out and that we became more then friends...so heres to the next week! whoo   
1	...and the trailers are awesome;  http://www.aint-it-cool-news.com/displa y.cgi?id=19786   "Lord Vader"....."Yes, master"..."Riiise"
1	Well let's take a look back on the day.  It was a pretty good day.  A few of my friends heard about my break down last night and they were there for me this morning.  Thank you, you know who you are.  Got to spent some good time with Kevin and that was really cool.  I had a A.A. meeting tonight and it was really good.  It is so funny about going to my meetings because there are some days when I do not want to be there and I go anyway and then there are those days when I want to be there and I go but no matter how I feel before I go to the meeting I leave the meeting in a great mood.  I am not feeling lonely right now which is a plus sign for me.  But I have to take life 1 min. at a time.  With that I am going to leave it alone. LOL  TTFN
1	       Very Special Case    You scored 73% Beginner, 93% Intermediate, 93% Advanced,  and 83% Expert!      I don't know how you did it, but you boggle my mind! You got at least 75% of the intermediate, advanced, and expert questions correct, but you got 75% or less in the beginner section. How is this possible? Were you just guessing??????  Either way...   Thank you so much for taking my test. I hope you enjoyed it!     For the complete Answer Key, visit my blog:  http://shortredhead78.blogspot.com/  .                       My test tracked 4 variables How you compared to other people  your age and gender :                   You scored higher than  7%  on  Beginner                   You scored higher than  29%  on  Intermediate                   You scored higher than  41%  on  Advanced                   You scored higher than  87%  on  Expert                Link:  The Commonly Confused Words Test  written by  shortredhead78  on  Ok Cupid    
0	I help out at a local charity bookshop and today I was sorting through a bunch of books someone had donated when I came across the Hobbit. The book wasn't in good enough condition, well loved, well read but unfortunately too tatty to be resold. In our shop we rip off the front cover before throwing out in order to make sure no one sorts through books already sorted for dumping. When I went to rip this book I noticed the saddest thing, written in the inside page was the note: "This book is owned by xxxxxxxx, the most unpopular boy in school".  Really, the book was so well loved and the inscription so sad it brought a lump to my throat.
1	First of all, welcome to my lovely new friends from the Friending Frenzy! Relax and make yourself at home. I don't bite, but you might find me a bit bizarre...  Second,  Happy Birthday,       sillyriddles   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  *loffs* You're 16!!! Sixteen is the best age to be, trust me.  I have a terrible cold so I'm tired all the time and I don't want to do any homework. So nothing gets accomplished. I hate that.  RED SOX WIN the World Series!!!!!! They reversed the curse! Wheeee! I'm so happy! Especially since they beat the Cardinals. Now if only the Cubs could win the World Series. It could happen. Maybe.   Meh. I have to go.   Did you see the eclipse? Very cool.
0	Camilla sent me a text message earlier today. She started bleeding last night and was going to have surgery. I'm assuming that she had another miscarriage. This is very sad not only because she really wants to become a mother but also this is her second in less than six months. I hope she will recover as soon as may be and that she and her b-f stop trying for a while. She is just 22 years old. I don't know what to tell her. It's just breaking my heart.
1	Ron and I are speaking again finally after a food fight, of all things. Even he and Harry seem on better terms. I know I'm Head Girl, but who knew food fights could be so therapeutic?
1	I recently discovered a band called  Pink Martini . Aside from being great lounge-type music, and ultimately an interesting sound, they appear to be eminently danceable. Sympathique, their first CD, has a lovely variety of waltzes, swing-types, and even a cha-cha.  Bliss!
1	I wrote my Discrete Structures final. I think I did well on that, but I got a headache from all that thinking. I came home and played Super Smash Brothers Melee for about two hours. I am leaving tomorrow morning to come home for a few days. I made a slight change of plans for Saturday. Instead of seeing The Jon Fredrik Band, I'm going down to Boston to see Heather. Yes, she lives!
1	hey every1!!! well...2day was the 1st day of school and it was AWSOME!!! i was soooooo happy 2 see all my friends again. the classes seem complicated so far...but wutever lol poor little 6th graders have their lockers at the bottom :( lol so 2morrow we start having the actual classes cuz 2day was just explaining. so i will update some more l8er when i get a chance and bi 4 now
1	Finally, after a month of having my new computer i am finally connected to the internet.  YAY!  I spent most of my evening cleaning my room, drinking caesars and downloading music.  I have found that there are many advantages to being a supervisor, mainly getting christmas gifts from staff! I'm now the proud recipient of around $30 in starbucks GC's, candles and candy. Oh yes, the christmas fund sent us all picture frames and The National Post sent us all a package of cookies. This week was pretty good, aside from call volumes being insane.  On to christmas. I'm really looking forward to the big family christmas eve dinner this year. Most of our family from out of town will be there. It'll be nice to have everyone around again, as sadly the numbers have dwindled through the years.  As well i can't wait to see what MCOP gave me this year!! I'm doing the antsy dance as we speak! *dance* *fidget *dance* only....20 hours left!
1	Drunk last night, drunk the night before....  Should be a good time....
1	telling myself I need to save money.  In one panicked shopping spree I blew my entire paycheck on a playstation 2 and games.  Only regret....I had meant to buy an XBOX because Halo 2 is comming out very soon. Target reps hypnotize you to sell the more expensive game systems. Final Fantasy X2 kicks ass so far except the opening bullshit song you have to sit through.
0	Howard Stern has reported that comedian Mitch Hedberg has died of a drug overdose.  I haven't been able to find any official confirmation.  Here's hoping that it ain't so!  "Mr. Pibb is a poor imitation of Dr. Pepper. Dude didn't even get his degree."  In other news, Terri Schiavo's body just died.
1	James and Sirius support me, and even Damien's going to talk to Gareth! I think I annoyed him a bit, because I was happy and hugged him, but he's going to talk to Gareth!  Bonnie might live!!
1	my love comes to me.  she is closer.  she came to me. I stayed.  She came to me.  I will watch her.  Every day.  Every day.  All the time.
1	New job starts next week.  Level 3 position (up from level 2)  NOT A SALES POSITION ^_^  Higher pay cap ($14/hr instead of $13.25)  Only bad thing is that I might have to go back down to $10.50/hr for the first 6 months until my first review.  I'm going to call Alia though and see how she managed to keep her and my wages the same when we first transferred to Microsoft.  I'll either be working for BSS or Chrysler  Hopefully Chrysler
1	When I woke up this morning everything outside was wet from the rain, so we couldn't paint, so I got to sleep in 2 extra hours.  I worked until about 7:00pm, and then on my way home from work I noticed a 20 dollar bill lying crumpled up on the sidewalk on sunnyside.  Without hesitation, i picked it up and looked around for someone who might have dropped it.  There was no one in sight.  As I was shoving it in my pocket, I noticed something peculiar.  This was not a 20 dollar bill.  This was TWO twenty dollar bills! How's that for luck?  I wonder what I shall spend it on...
0	A good friend of mine, Brian, died last night.  I know he'd been sick for a while now, but the last time I saw him, he looked healthy, like nothing was wrong with him.  Then this morning, Becky called me saying he had a heart attack in his sleep.  He was the nicest guy, always joking and looking on the bright side of life.  I enjoyed hanging out with him, whether he's cooking up a dinner for his friends or we're all going up to Napa Valley every couple of months for wine tasting.  His driving always made me carsick.  I'm just sad I didn't get to spend more time with him.
1	Remember ages ago when i said i lost all my piercing stuffs? Well they've been in my wallet the whole time! tucked into an unknown pocket! 4 months they've been sitting there. glad i didnt go out and buy a load of replacements, i was going to :P  Got a work doo this friday, some treasure hunt, with a cash prize and a free meal thrown in too, should be a lot of fun. we all go around in teams around parts of Surrey looking for stuff. I just know we'll get lost, cant wait!  Not much else to say, i'm feeling better than i was before, thanks for the kind comments :)   Oh yeah, i lost the game. I was doing so well, a year and a bit!
1	holy effing cow.....      WE EFFING RULE!!     most amazing game ever.
1	So I just got back from an interview at Kennedy High School, and am now a fully employed long term English teacher.  So WOOT to that.  I'm going to be teaching three American Lit classes (juniors) and two Senior Exposition classes.  Lot's of reading and writing, but I'm cool with that.  If I had money I'd so being going out for drinks tonight, but since I don't get paid until Thursday, I'll just give myself a hearty Huzzah.  I should start sometime later this month once the fingerprints clear.
1	YAY.....I got a job interview tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	was interviewed in Time magazine recently and here is one of his quotes:  Question - "So you would like to see more arbitration in the media?"  Answer - "That's the change I would like to see - that the news media take a more active role in arbitrating, in mediating, in credibility.  The way I've always looked at it is, politicians are - When you go to a zoo and you see a monkey throwing its shit, you can't get mad - that's what monkeys do.  But you want the media at some point to go, NO! Bad monkey! and that's really the direction that it should be going in.  Not for Republican desires or Democrat desires but for the truth."
0	I'm a dumbass...I made a mistake...I'm sorry and I love you.  We all make mistakes, and I know that this one was pretty hardcore...and all I can ask of you is for your forgiveness....You have my eternal love, and my word that nothing of this sort will ever happen again...we all make mistakes, and this one I have learned from...I love you...and I hope you love me as well...I'm sorry...please...please just forgive me...
1	Well today marks our three month, thats pretty awesome I must say.  It's been the best three months of my life, and I'm lookin forward to many more.  Love you Holly.
1	tonight abc 9 pm be there (if you're 21+)  and i expect a birthday kiss!
1	but I haven't.           Take the quiz at dicepool.com    Thanks to  ms_danson .
0	as i sit here thinking about my life,  i long for so much more than i have,  yet the simplicity i do have seems sufficient.  i long for companionship,  someone to look at,  someone to understand my flaws.  i long for the complications of love.  and someone to hold near at night so how do i find what i need?
1	I bought a new Tigerlily swimming costime today. Who wants to come with me to the beach tomorrow?  As I was in the Surfie shop change rooms in Broadway, I heard a large bang and a bunch of girls scream. No big deal, right?  Well, for some reason I totally panicked. Has anyone seen the movie  Elephant , based on the Columbine Massacre? There's this scene where one of the killers bursts into the girls toilets and a bunch of girls in there scream. Well, it sounded  exactly like that . I got this picture in my head that there was someone with a gun in the store, and I was half-naked in the change rooms.  Of course, half a second later it became obvious that nothing was wrong, but I couldn't stop shaking. It was a miracle I did't have one of my panic attacks. I'm such an idiot. Stupid teeny girls.
1	Fun times, I enjoy good parties... Especially ones at my house...  Yeah, Now I'm going to have to make ONE AMAZING KILLER party for New years...  This is going to be the BEST party ever... If only you knew what I'm planning... *grins*
1	wow I have not written in so long.....nothing is new just been goin to school and doing sports and stuff.....gosh my life is boring....  but the good news is I only have seven days till I turn 16!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! then i am going to have a really fun birthday party!!!!!! yeah PARTY!!!
1	here I am again, I’m ready to leave in a few seconds, because there’s party from my school, I never go to such party’s, but this time Fietie will be there too,  so, I’m gonna party lik it’s my birthday.  since a picturespam of yourself deserves the most comments, here I go again then:     I have no fucking clue about these, it was like 3 o’clock in the morning, and I could not sleep, so I took pictures of …yeah ,           don’t ask, yes it is…   here are the pictures of myself, joy!    weird eyes    I was awake for 5 seconds  .   I don’t have a clue about my hair either     I hate this, still doing it.    I look., like I’m sweet    I should take my make-up off when I go to bed, I’m to lazy      in bed, ready to … sleep    yeah, I’m so gothic    ha.    I look like a bad motherfucker, ha!  photoshop doesn’t work...  I'm out,  Love, Sophia
0	Feel a little low today, I mentioned a little while ago that my cousin Andrew has cancer in his pancreas.  Things are not good, he got married in December as he knew things were not going to get any better and we have all been told that he only has a few months left.  On top of this, my sisters father in law has the same thing so she is finding it a little difficult at the moment.  At least I have my Chris to cheer me up....
0	the delivery girl never called me back last night about the chicken...so i guess i give up.
1	Here is the link. Paste it into the "add url" option of your medica player.  It is hysterical and sooo sexy!    http://suzvoy.freeservers.com/jits.WMV  
1	Went to see the play last night. It was well good!! I was suprised but I really enjoyed it and kinda want to go back and see it again. Allan and Gareth turned up in the interval, just to drink like, not to watch lol! Afterwards I spent the whole time talking to Allan as my dad was talking to Gareth and Han was talking to Mark and Rob (who picked her up and ran off with her! And he also looks like Chris Moyles according to Al!) We had a very random coversation, as all conversations are with him, especially when he's been drinking (which is ALL the time!) which ended up with him telling me that he went to see Bill Bailey LIVE when he did his Part Troll tour!! I was like WOW!! He said it was amazing but we couldnt talk about it much cos they were turning the lights off! Had a good night :D Much better than expected :D
0	i like her so much. i just want a chance. but i don't think i have anymore left.
0	I'd like to claim Kohta, bassist of the band Pierrot as my soulmate.  Thankies ^^  &lt;3 Kei
0	Translation - The last working day....thats right. My last day of full time employment before I become a full-time uni student. Tonite im being taken out to dinner as a farewell. Everyone keeps asking me if im excited but honestly, im sad.  Even though I left the company, im still included in the dragon-boat racing team where I will compete in the corporate games later this month. First training session is tomorrow. From there I have to get to uni to start my first assignment.  Oh, did I mention my subjects are FREAKIN DIFICULT this semester?
0	No matter what I can't seem to make anyone happy. Everyone is either mad or disappointed at me...   When your boyfriend tells you he doesn't know why he's with you.  When you feel like you finally have control of your life, and then it all just dissapears...  When you find out you aren't invited to Thanksgiving with your family because people don't want to smoke outside for you and your child..  When people tell you that you mean the world to them and then they turn around and show their true colors...  When people tell you something just so you'll be their friend..  When you can't sleep at night cause it's too hot/cold..
0	ok, so i'm always talking about how i wanna move because i hate the weather and all that.  well i'm not moving to california anymore...no way.  australia.  i've done a lot of research.  the cost of living is less than here in oakland county.  i can be on the beach one minute, and if i get some weird stupid urge to be in cold, i can be there in a few minutes.  australia is never in other countries affairs...you never hear of any drama in australia.  it's seriously been such a dream to go there, but i seriously want to move there.  i just need to figure out how to do that first.  maybe brad will buy it all for me seeing as he's buying me a car, computer, and a diamond ring.  and they watch full house in australia, a lot.
1	"hello" all in class and hating it cuz i hate this class cuz i know nobody...     haha heres a "shout out" to mike i dont hate you your my BFF!!   okay later &lt;3 G. davis   post scpript-i saw my name G davis today on a new seat chart for class in english hahah so she calls me as g davis its flippin sweet
0	Bad stuff happening, and I have to be the strong one in this time of crisis.  I'm sorry if I'm not around for the rest of you, but this time I need to be there for everybody so forgive me if I seem stretched to thin.  &lt;3 to all of you
1	American Idol is on tonight! No more auditions- we are down to the competition!  Hollywood, California!  And once more- cheer for Ian! If you've forgotten what he looks like, I'm posting the pic from his AI audition.      
1	 I got my Venus Trap Fly again :D Thanks       ashwinb   &nbsp; . It took some time to come home..But yeah,it's finally where it ought to be!    I made plans for December..Am looking forward to those holidays.     &nbsp;    &nbsp; 
1	Guess who...   ...got his B in math up to an A?  ...has enough money to buy a laptop at Dell?  ...finally figured out how to get an Alias mood theme on his LiveJournal...  ...and will be getting one soon?   ME!
0	 http://www.planetmagrathea.com/shortrev iew.html   Only the movie I was most looking forward to this year!  Why oh why could anyone destroy poor Douglas Adams!    If you thought "Hey this guy must be insane! Hitchhikers has to be a cool movie.  The promos were great." No... He's sadly very very right. Read the spoilers.   Now, do I masochistically shell out the $14 bucks for me and my wife to go? Or do I just cry myself to sleep.
0	Mike is locked up now for real. Until he's 17. That's two years. I don't know what to do. I'm so sad. My baby's gone. Why does everyone I love gettin taken away or leave.
1	               &nbsp;           &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I'M 21!!!!        
1	Sally and I went to the mall today and looked at Prom dresses. I found a couple that were cute. The first one I tried on was a strapless, lime-green colored one with green shiny stuff on the top-front part. It was pretty, and I liked it. They just didnt have any in my size so I tried on one a size smaller, lol. The second dress I tried on was a navy blue mixed with silver colored one, and it was very pretty. I wasn't able to buy any of them...but that's okay cuz I'm still looking. I think I've decided I want a dress that's a dark color....like dark green or blue...or maybe even a grayish-purple one, lol. Yea...  Omg, right now the sky is so pretty. It's like a dark pink color where the sun just set. Yea...I'll shut up with colors now, lol. Well I think that's it for now.  -The Warbler
1	I told Mo to do this, but then I couldn't resist doing it myself!  I'm seeing the movie at 5:20 today!   Look at my icons, they are great!   They are from various pictures I found around the web.  I especially love the one for "loving," it's just so cute!  The Sirius and Lupin one is kinda strange, with the full moon and Sirius is a dog but Lupin's not a werewolf, but I really like the picture and I saw a lot more drawings like this.  [EDIT] Mo requested links, so here they are: (1 so far, I will find the rest after the movie)  http://greendesire.deviantart.com/  
0	Well today has been hell. I have been having serious flash backs of Mikey and i. Today would be our one year anniversary. That would have been a huge milestone. I still care about him though and he knows it. I just wished i haden't screwed things up! He was perfect.
1	I'm feeling a lot better today. I think everyone is. The whole thing was due to some miscommunication, but all the bugs have been worked out, at least on my end of the scope.  So I'm feeling pretty jovial today.      Class today was fun.  My teacher is nuts, and that helps out creative writing juices flow a little better. I couldnt stop thinking of Evy though. We had, in my humble opinion, our best conversation last night.  I loved it, and I hope she did to.    I'm calling her today if everything goes well.  I feel that it is time to take the relationship to the next level, and this might be a good step in that approach.  I hope all goes well, and I'll update later tonight.......Huzzah!!! *vanishes*
0	Dave (Epitaph) seems to have fallen out with me, why I dunno, but its depressing. I quote "its f**ked....when its his fault 'he wanted it non f**king readable!!!' (comes from a mailing list that both of us are subscribed too), well now its f**king fixed...ok so you can cram this apparantly broken s**t up your ass". That  REALLY  hurt. He could just be frustrated, but hes been pissed with me all day. That kinda sucks, and as I don't really know why hes mad, I dunno how I can make it better.  To depressed to say anything else, hopefully I can sort it out tomorrow. *sigh*
1	look at this awesome icon that Kirsty made me! :D *huggles Kirsty*  i &lt;3 my icon.  oh yeah and I'm gonna take the quiz thing that Jess and GK made, and that other one that everyone else is taking, but I don't got time right now so I'll do it later 'kay?  ._.
0	i'm at a loss for words.          i won't cry... i won't breakdown... i've got to be strong.        i am sooo weak.
1	I was just watching the greatest hits from KORN and i think i just had my big o swear to god!  i know like everyone hates then, but uh, FUCK YOU GUYS!  I gunna marry Johnathon Davis! o man hes hot!! Hey I'd do him for sure! Well anyways i just wanted to get that off my chest, so uh, bye
1	Wow what a day. All in all i feel i am walking away from it pretty good actually. Tired right now but excited too. I mean its newyears eve and i'm off. Finally my days off worked out for me. I should be partying pretty good tomorrow night. Well happy new year everyone!! Oh and if you would like to know what has happenned just ask. I'll tell you the truth and the facts.
0	Oscar, my 18 (?the fish was supposed to be 13 when JA gave it to me almost 5 years ago...) year old silver dollar, is passing from his current fishy mortal coil.  Currently upended but still kicking, he'll surely be gone by morning.   Damn.  Harleydog, please let JA know. I hope it's from old age, but I don't know how long they are supposed to live. I know it's only a fish, but damn I'm sad.
1	Well break will start tomorrow!! I can not wait til break starts, it always seems like we have too many breaks but hey all come at the right time.   I have enya and rem goodness to rip onto my pc!!! Good news about the job front I have 3 offers for jobs, one is RAC but it is full time position, the second is wal-mart but hard work long howers little pay, the third is passing out broucures to people in the Diamond Run mall!!  I am taking the third one it is good pay and flexable hours.  I fell on the ice today and split open my knee and ruffed up my left hand a bit.
0	just woke up.. couldn't go back to sleep.. bad dreams again..
1	yeah i am so happy i did it.... aint my background SOSOSOSOSO cute!!!
1	*grin*  I have an official title now, for the web/interface design hacking I've been doing as of late.  I'm the Senior Development Engineer for Dancing Horse Technology.  Kinda makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.  *returns to building the semi-secret project*
1	So, while I was hoping that there would be much crushing and destroying of the Eagles tonight, I'll take the win. Thankee.  As a side note, if the Pats make another superbowl in the near future... they're gonna win by 3 points.  I'm just sayin'  ;)  -MechaGM
1	today was my first day at ferguson. this is serious business. i got an ID card and everything... it's so kick ass. and i'm making way more than i thought i was going to make... all week i'm working everyday - 8 hour shifts with carey who is training me. i am so totally psyched.   today was just an observation day... i sat and watched and listened. i got to listen in on the 911 calls... very interesting.   i also met our k-9 unit... our dog's name is flick and i love him. he's a huge 10 yr. old german shepherd... super smart dog and so awesome.  the people are patient... i love it there already. i just need to catch on to the computer programs... my boss is awesome. we're convinced that he has adult add cuz he never sits still... reminds me of some of my friends (hahahaha) i truly believe that all of us fontbonne people have some sort of add problem   but anywayz. this rocks... i go back tomorrow and it just rocks... i think i'll stay with this department for a very long time.
0	Yep just like the title says.  There's no more open mic night at Jumps on Thursday nights.  This is really sad as playing a place you're familiar with is always better then going some place you don't know.  I enjoyed doing the open mic up there,  I was comfortable there and felt that I was allowed to the space to grow.  Oh well, can't win them all right?  So I'm offically on the look out for a nice friendly open mic night.  Perferably on Thursdays or even Sunday evenings, if you know of any open mic nights PERIOD please leave a comment.  Note that I already know about the one at the Mucky Duck.
1	as of now, i am back in a-town after visiting family in NY.  Everything is going well with them.  My uncle Bill retired, my cousin Kathy just got engaged, and Chuck and Lori are expecting their first child, so there was a lot going on up there.  The retirement party for Bill went well and the Trivial Pursuit match the next day was nice too.  I am looking forward to the events tomorrow and also being a 2nd cousin in the future.  Take care for now guys
1	Ohmy, it's so hard to be on dialup again.. but it's all the net we've got. We just need to hang up every 30 minutes.  If New Orleans was deep, spiritual love, Las Vegas should be pure, red, delightful lust.  I don't want to read the word "kitsch" in my comments. Okay, it is.. Or at least they say it is. But it's passionate kitsch. It's full of life and vibrance and transmits every bit of it. It's full of lights and colors and videos and commercials and huge buildings and models of the world and if it clashes sometimes, I forgive it. It tries very hard. The life going on in here is cranked to the max. I spent hours in their casinos (little monuments of world greatnesses) and I am still energetic. I still want to go on and on. Maybe it's the red.  I have to go sleep now, tomorrow very early we leave for the Grand Canyon. I'll do a proper entry tomorrow, with all the pics.. If anything, they are spectacular.   So we're still alive. And glad to be. ^_^
1	Tomorrow I am going to the dance with someone who is very lovely, and very fun to be with. I think that puts "See Danny Ashe" under the definition of "The Luckiest Person at Hogwarts".
1	Sooo anyways  Im extremely head over heels In Love with this amazing girl, and unfortunately she lives kinda far away...but its okie.....and i really miss this   
0	The Eagles lost.  I feel bad about it. I realy thought we would win the SuperBowl this year. The whole city is bummed out.
1	Happy New Years.  Mine was perfecto :)  Nates a very good boy, he makes me smile.
0	I just found out that the day of the Boxcar Racer show is the same day as Jay's brothers senior recital in Champaign, IL. Guess I won't be seeing Travis. Damn it.
1	 the return of the azn sensazns   that is kickass     shaniqua!
1	We are going to  Wood Green Animal Shelter  tomorrow to find PETS.
1	So we had some fun time tonight! It was a going away/20th birthday party at Steak n' Shake. We got hats and a cake that said "Happy 20th Bon Voyage." It was great seeing some old friends, and the same peeps I see every week.  So I leave tomorrow kiddies! My plane takes off at 3:15 but I have to be at the airport by 12noon. I'm soooo excited! Pray that Delta doesn't lose my lugage!  I'll be back around 7pm on the 27th! Love ya guys!  Oh and here's a picture of Jordan and my pal Todd!   
1	Can it be?  that you are my forever love and you are watching over me from up above fly me up to where you are
1	Cam Geary posted at the message board and he is the new drama teacher as SHS.  I can't believe it!  That is so awesome.
1	I'm currently at Dan's house on his brother's computer while Dan and his brother play some weird football computer game.  We're leaving for the airport in about 45 minutes, and then we're on our way to the very warm Miami Beach.  Have a great spring break, everyone.  :)  Oh, and...  I got into BC.  :)
0	Yes, I'm still here.  Just haven't had time to update lately!  I'm staying fairly busy with school & everything.  I've been glued to the TV all day watching the news coverage about the World Trade Center & the Pentagon, etc. I'm not even going to attempt to comment on it - there are no words to describe how horrible it is.  I'll try to post a more "detailed" update ASAP!
1	Tonight went great. We went and saw The Pirates of the Carribean then went back to his house where a lot of his friends were smoking and drinking. Smoke gives me a headache and I was already dizzy from the movie. I washed some dishes and left. Yes I know I'm retarded. I was only 5 minutes late instead of 20 like last time. Mom was not waiting outside this time. thank goodness. goodnight. and one last thought... I should be an actress, only Kathleen knows what I mean. miss everyone so much and sweet dreams.     Please just don't play with me My paper heart will bleed... Moving on is easiest when I am around you.  
0	Today is my seventeenth birthday.  And as usual, I am unhappy.
1	My tax return and gst rebate were deposited into my account last night. Hee! Now, I can pay back my ex for the car repairs and the child and I can get new glasses (her) and glasses and contacts (me).   Oh! And I can go repierce my nose and pierce the upper cartilage in my left ear.   Plus, once the glasses, contacts and eye doctor appointment (for me, children are covered under Alberta Health Care, or they were, but who knows what King Ralph has done away with lately) charges are reimbursed, I can get a new tv for downstairs and a dishwasher.   And then, I will be broke all over again. But still, with pretty new things!   *ahem* I'm really not that materialistic. I just hate doing dishes. And I've never had a new tv. And glasses? Well, seeing is good. It's been two or three years since I've had my eyes checked.   Hopefully, I'll be able to put some money away for my road trip to Vancouver. Cause fun! friends! lambies!
1	&lt; evil laughter &gt;  Got the Navy blue and green skirt...  
0	I was going to see Sin City tonight but the last showing is at 11:40, so fuck me. I'll probably just end up driving around alone as usual.  This has been the worst spring break. I fucking hate this place, and my life.   Just want it to be thursday so I can get out of here for a few days.
1	Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah BACKPACK!  The new backpack is here!  I have wheels!  And a waterbottle that came with it and fits in this clever little side pouch.  :whimpers at current pack:  But I love them both....My faithful grey back pack has always been good to me.  Not feeling bad enough to keep carrying everything though.  "I will love him and feed him and call him George."
1	Well to sum it all up:  - I went to the job fair,  - I reconnected with Carol, so that'll help me get a job in the near future,  - Tami and Sarah has already received a job if she turns in the app,  - My tests went well,  - I am doing pretty well right now,  - I wrote the letter to get out of the new dorms for next year, just have to go turn it in.  Late.
0	I have written, and rewritten this entry so many times...  I've lost someone special to me. There are no words...
1	Oooh. Can I have Markko Martin and Jari-Matti Latvala? P.S. Really sorry, but I'm a moron and can't figure out how to post pictures. Help... Please?
0	vot che ugodno :) vprinctipe mozhno i pivo chutok, hotya ya voobshe ne p`yu pochti :D libo pepsi wildcherry :D, samaya ta, osobenno v allyuminivoy banke esli :D a inogda dazhe moloko pyu, pifdetc :D, nu eto na kraynyak, kogda pit` nechego a vo rtu sushnyak =[ ti a ya voobshe pomoemu melanholik =[, vsegda dermovoe nastroenie =[, nu i poh :D hotya mb s Unni prosrali 2:2 mnogo igr i ya rastroilsya mb poetomu ? kak dumaesh Unni ?:D muahaha =], icq ownz, uvidimsya zavtra Unni :D peace -.-
1	Bwahahahahahahahaha!  There is one week to go until FullMetal Alchemist is on Cartoon Network!  From everything I've seen and heard the dub should be pretty good, and scince the first dvd isn't coming out till Feb. 8th I'll just have to make do.  The official US website is  here  for those of you who either haven't heard of it before or want a look at the dub.  There's a trailer up as well as two clips from the dub of the first episode.
1	Work went well today. It was nice and busy around lunch time which meant I got lots of practise serving people and such. Getting better at knowing stock and faster at register. I also got to hand out catalpgues to heaps of people in the centre. Gave one to a couple which made the guy very happy, and to a group of guys sitting at a table and staring at me.  There is so much stuff I want. I think I will be good and only buy a strapless bra which I kinda need for work for some of the clothes I wear. I will leave the candy g-string *giggle* , crotchless panties , stockings and suspender belts for now...oh yeah and all those cool datin indulgence bras with diamontes and stuff. I want it all. When my money is my money it will soon be turnmed into underwear!  I don't think I'll be out for a while. Too poor.
0	LET’S GO  She is dreaming that I washed my hands, That I’m shaved, that I’m beautiful It is warm on the pillow, in half-sleep It smells of breakfast The nice voice is heard from the other room It says that it has started It says that it has started Let’s go!  We didn’t know that the dice has been thrown We didn’t know that bridge’s been destroyed The river is shining underneath the boots Clear water, little bit bloody Let’s go!  We didn’t know that the villages have been burned We didn’t know that the fire is a sin Our hands are not tied Our hands are not drab Let’s go!  She is dreaming that I washed my hands, That I’m shaved, that I’m beautiful It is warm on the pillow, in half-sleep It smells of breakfast. The nice voice is heard from the other room It says that it has started It says that it has started It started! Let’s go!  M.M, 1991
0	While cleaning out some crap today i found the white rocks i was saving from a camping trip to give to my grandpa...
1	so yesterday, Jeff stops by my place for an hour. for an hour, we just hugged and kissed each others faces. for a whole hour! how great is that! its been a while since weve done that, and it was great. :D    so it suddenly hit me that stress is really just not trusting in God. its worrying about tomorrow when today has enough worries of its own. by stressing out about my family, friends, school, etc, im not trusting God that things are going to be ok.  now if only my computer would work.... (thank you for the arts computer lab and printing that my daddy pays for)
1	so i just found out that judy got a job w/ me!!!!!  haha isnt that great everybody??  just smile and nod and make me think u guyz care...haha  well that is all....yay for judy and she starts w/ me friday!!!!  ahhhhhhhhh :-)    .....ill update after this long ass weekend is over w/ for me working...the next 4 days i am devoted 2 work and only that....go me!
1	w00t!  Rydberg  now displays your friends list history in reverse chronological order, i.e. most recent day shown first. :)
0	They were rating me against other prototypes. I didn't know they were going to do that! They had this other prototype, and it had a missile launcher. That's not fair! They didn't give me a missile launcher. Don't they know how stupid that is? You run out of missiles too fast in the field.  Missile launchers look more dramatic in tests. I bet they give it a better rating than they gave me.
1	Well...maybe not the  best , but it's up there. Still not all of it yet, but it will be soon. ^__^  Now to put all my minis in my new case...too bad my huges won't fit. XD;;
0	i feel like im friggin 80! sigh,havent got decent nights sleep for the last 2 nights and weird chest pain.sigh and sudden bouts of "ack i feel like im gonna die".  sigh.  what cud be wrong?
1	Those of you that know me, know my bday is in 2 days, and I used to go "whole hog" on the 4th of July.  This year, of course, we didn't have the finances to really get fireworks. We drove the neighbors to the pond in the middle of our subdivision for the festivities. A bunch of the neighbors showed up and everyone had fireworks galore. I think it was better than driving to town and watching the "official" fireworks display. We brought a little bbq grill, had hot dogs and such. We had a grand time.. was really fun. :)   The outlook was a little gloomy, this morning.. but it turned out well.. :) We had a really good time.. :)
1	New Layout already. Haha. I like this one a lot... purple is such a pretty color. *__* And my new icons I made are pretty, too. Hahaha. XD Yuuup. That's all.
1	       You scored as  Drama nerd .        Drama nerd             88%       Punk/Rebel             50%       Loner             44%       Stoner             31%       Geek             25%       Prep/Jock/Cheerleader             19%       Goth             19%       Ghetto gangsta             6%        What's Your High School Stereotype?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	So i got my Acceptance letter from Johnson and Wales  Somehow i also got an Academic Scholarship for $2500
1	new years was great!!! sooo much fun. but i still wish it could have been how it usually is. o wells next year! love you ladies xoxoxox    ~did you eat a cigg butt jenny?! ~i scoped im clean not dirty! ~cori wrong lane wrong lane! ~damnit turn around again ~Hope just touch his butt ~hope im sorry i touched his butt ~Carrie dont worry i will find u some! ~did you two just kiss?? "yes" ....sweeeeeett hahahahahahahhahahahahaha so many more...too much to type oxoxoxo
1	^^ Neji has flown the coop for around 10 days or so. He won't be around to rp, but if you need him, feel free to drop a line. I'll have my laptop to try and get in touch if you need him.
0	Or am I an ass whenever I'm around you? Is it just me, That everything I say isn't at all true? Will you just let me be, Or will I go on being, The ass I am, forever and ever, inside of me. They say Hell has frozen over now, I think I should, Grab a black sweater, and go where the wind blows. Now you think of me, and my ass talk, Knowing, that I will not be back, TO be around you, and stalk. I guess I should take that back, That still sounds sarcastic, and take it, and make a stack, of the4 lives I've ruined, beaten with a stick. I guess, my friends are enemies, and the enemy of my enemy is my friend... Yet, I'm still alone here..  Depressed, aren't I...? Also have Artist block... ugh!!! Spike, I'll ge4t to your drawing in little while man, just hang in there...
0	Today I was supposed to take some checks to the receptionist and I didnt I forgot and I told my supervisor that I did. She was all nervous and I remembered that I hadnt. SHe was so relieved but at the same time really mad at me. Im going to go to walgreens to buy her a Sorry card, so she could forgive me.   Yesterday I went to Beyond the wall and bought some really cool posters, Napoleon Dynamite, taxi driver and one of incubus. They are awesome. On my way home I found out or think now that my friend is a Bush Lover!!!! I hope she isnt because I hate him SSSSOOOOO much. Its not normal but I cant stand him, the tought makes me wanna stab him or fuckin murder that ass hole and tell the whole world that I did it with PRIDE! *sigh* Im not normal.... and that is sad.
1	wow today sucked ass but then at the same time it made me really happy. so me n joe were gonna go to see a movie or something but my dad OF COURSE snapped at the last minute and went psycho and started yelling which really upset me because he says some of the meanest things ever that no one shuld ever say to their kids. but whatever, i know hes an asshole so im over it.  so yeah i was upset and talked to joe, then he left and like 5 minutes letter BRITNEY called me!! wtf! i have not talked to that girl in 1 year! she was like hey cinnie ive been thinking alot about u lately ... and i was just like omg perfect timing, i love u! haha, i do miss her. shes coming down on saturday maybe, so i mite stay wit her.  neways, theres no way im being home 2morro so i think im going to go "into work" haha yeah thats what ill do
1	Hello everybody. I know it has been along time since I have updated but I have been soooo busy with work and playing softball. I hope that everybody is doing good and things have been going well for all of you. We haven't seen Josh and Crystal in awhile so tonight we are going over to Bakersfield to hang out with them, go have dinner, look at couches and cell phones I am so excited because it is going to be fun. Well  I hope to hear from some of you soon.
0	I have never felt such fear and sadness. There are only two things I have ever truely wanted to do, be a wife and a mom. One of those things is helping cancer kill me. How do I deal with that? I may have to choose between killing and dieing. I am feeling such the opposite of hopeful. I also feel so alone and empty. This baby already has a name. I will be feeling this baby move any day now. I've heard it's little heart beating. 154 bpm. I begged God and my husband for this baby  Now I rant...My husband is going to have a meeting over here friday morning, he told me this about 24hrs ago or so (I could be wrong but I'm pretty sure) So now I am expected to clean this house all day today before everyone comes over tomarrow morning. My house is such and f'ing disaster right now. I can't see how I can do it. He wont be helping me because he works a 12 hour shift tomarrow. Not only do I not feel up to cleaning I don't feel up to having strangers here. WTF am I gonna do?!
0	life sucks..i never ever have luck with going to the concerts i want to go to..first it was Avril Lavigne now its Kelly Clarkson..i guess concerts dont like me. ~rawr
1	hi. luckily for me, valentine's day was perfect. i gave brandi flowers that matched her dress and she gave me a note apologizing for the past few days/weeks in general and then we had a good time. at about 10 oclock we had already finished making out so we just kind of laid there and started talking. we proceeded to spend two hours telling each other stories and it was great. then i went home and hated it. everyone raise your hand if you think brandi should move in next door. show tonight. i'm scared. test this afternoon. i'm scared.
1	so tomrrows christmas and i'm real excited! i only snooped once so everythings gonna be a sursrise this year... as to last year.. i knew about everything so it waasn't that exciting :( but today has been so slow i think i could just pass out. There was a real bad car accident like right outside of the neighborhood on Elizabeth lk. rd,... and it still wasn't cleared after like 4 hours.. i kinda made me think of how lucky i really was/am. Pimp. Tomorrow my Aunt, Uncle, and cousins are comming and i haven't decided on weather thats a good or bad thing.. hopfully i'll be to occupied with the *new cell phone* ( i hope) :)       Well i hope everyobne has a good christmas               xoxox                   Jack
1	Just can't wait till the Easter holidays. I sure need one and robs booked the week off so we'll have some time together.  Well off to watch shark tale.  Hope everyones doing ok. x
1	Glasgow tomorrow. im all set with my 3 cameras, yes 3. im working until 2pm then linda and i are going via perth to get my coat thats been there for 2 weeks and then we're off. Davids not coming cos he'll just moan at all the shops and miss a concert that he wants to go to here in dundee so its we dicided it made more sence for him to stay here.  yay :D
1	The Carleton Ravens men's basketball team just won its third straight CIS championship last night. I'm not usually a big b-ball fan, but this run is simply incredible. Congratulations to the team, especially for its undefeated record this season.
1	I met a good guy yesterday.  His name is Bryan, and he's really sweet.  He went to Nikki's b/day party with me last nite, and we had a kick ass time.  Nikki, Doug, Kelly, and Rawbean seem to like him, and Nikki thinks he's really cute!  He's got a good job, working with kids...a cool ride, and he's very sociable!  I think I like him...A LOT!  Even tho I'm not looking for anything serious, who knows...for the rest of you that want to meet him, he'll be going to the Cowboy Sun. nite with us!  YEA!
1	Mwahaha I am slowly starting to understand Photoshop, I made my icon!
1	So every Halloween, they show the movie "the Exorcist" in Gaston Hall here at GU because, after all they filmed the movie here. And this year, there was a costume contest shortly before the movie started. All the people who wanted to enter the contest simply walked on stage. The announcer then went down the line putting his hand over each contestant's head and asked the audience to cheer loudest for whomever they wanted to win. Well, it essentially came down to Jesus and Sam the hobbit. Both were dressed perfectly and had natural physical similarities. So the announcer went up to both candidates and asked them to answer the following question, "Why should the crowd vote for you to win the contest?"  Sam: (something along the lines of) I'm just a humble little hobbit who didn't do no harm to anybody, (etc.)  Jesus: *opens his arms to the crowd, gives them a knowing look* You OWE me!
1	So whats up.  The Patio at Bisso's Bar and Grill is now open, Did a little rearanging added some outdoor speakers and strung a few lights. We took it for a test drive tonight.
1	oh wow.  "03-26-2005  On Cassette 7" Release Party featuring Special Guest SAY HI TO YOUR MOM Also playing: Yip Yip, Dodger, Band of Name, The Crayons  9:00 PM    $5 18+"  oh.  wow.  ohwow.
1	So I still don't have a computer, but oh well.  I'm over at my grandparent's house because it's my grandpa's birthday...or it was...yesterday...right.  But yeah, we had pizza and Jessica's Kevin came over and arm wrestled people.  It was much fun.    Yesterday was dance, and it was fun.  Jessica and i decided that we're going to be yard gnomes next year. Yes, best costume EVER.   Tomorrow is state.  Holy crap.  I'm scared.  I want to win so badly, but it's so close.  And i'm sad that I'm a senior now.  I marched on the parking lot for the last time today.  It makes me sad.  Really, really sad.    I need to burn a CD for the ride to Pontiac tomorrow.  So I think I shall go figure stuff out right now.  Much  love to the homies.  
1	    shall we play a game?    Stolen from   lostshady       Reply to this post, and...  1. I will tell you what song reminds me of you. 2. I will tell you what celebrity/public/fictional person you remind me of, either personality-wise or looks-wise. 3. I will give you one word that I associate with you when I think of you. 4. I will tell you what color(s) I associate with you.  Then steal this for your journal, and make someone else's day as well. 
1	Hey guys!  Check these out! (^_^)  You'll love 'em, I promise!   http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/flash/l lama.php   &lt;---funny and stupid (^_^) &lt;3    http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/flash/d dautta.php   &lt;---ultimately cute!!! (^_^) &lt;3  P.S.- I'm still procrastinating (^_^;)
0	um well i will start with myself i have failed my family i have lost my bestfriend i lost the love of my life. I have been told i am trash and that i am a sorry person, i am beginning to think all thats true. just if any of yall see joy tell her i love her and tell dj im sorry. Im not here to ruin there lifes sometimes i dont think i should be here at all but i wiil be ok.............    Im sorry  Taylor
1	mmmmmmmm SO happy... cos life is beautiful and people rock :)
0	    ;___; I suck at moving on. I can't say some things because it's inappropiate and I wouldn't say it to anyone else. I failed at being worthy enough. And now I fail at being able to move on. I thought I could do it earlier but I can't.  I feel pathetic but sad. But not sad enough to cry. Yet. I guess it's going to take a longer time for me to heal.  I worried too many people by doing the what-was-highlighted thing, and I don't want to and hopefully won't try that again. I angst too much. &gt;_&lt; Greedy of me, ne?  Yay for depression.  ~Hime-Chan
0	Man..I was having a good day until a few minutes ago.  Devy, a close friend of mine came to me very, very depressed and I asked what.  Her boyfriend and one of my other  most closest friends, lost AOL.  We have almost no way to talk to him and it just hurts so much..He and I were so similar and now I have to keep Devy under control..I don't know if i can do that.  Why do things have to always go down horribly?  Man..Im gonna go.  Maybe tomorrow I'll have something happy to report about..but it feels like I just lost an arm.
1	  Whaddaya think?????  I've already got all the stuff, and have started on the underskirt.  Gah!  I hate lining!   Well, I'm off to measure sans measuring tape.  Frick, I meant to buy one. So, I'll be the usual Yuna for half the time, and something a little different for the other half. And I need to dress my husband.  Any ideas??? Oh yeah!  Updated the site:  Clickie! 
0	people everywhere are full shit if people will destroy themselves  let them social darwinism  a carapace beetle legs and black space  barring fangs  im sick of THIS
1	Last night was quite fantablous with Jess. Had a great time just hanging out and eating Wendys food. Watching that movie made me feel violated, it makes never want to eat fast food ever again. That was yesterday but I seriously need some Wendys. Anyways today hopefully me and Robbie will go hit some golf balls, I gotta research paper to do its two weeks late, and I gotta go job hunting. I need a job like really bad. Well I'm gonna go hit up the shower. Adios.   -Burkemaster
1	chritmas: no drama goodtimes family is good  vegas:  new years was not one night, but a 3nite mixture of fun consuming 2g's worth of alchy $500 dinners hotel hall/bedroom mosh, smear the queer, and football making out with escorts in MGM elevators almost fighting every fool ass on the strip meeting some new dime ass breezies being the horniest drunk ever RLD meeting dope ass new homies hanging out with bdubb before he leaves tour my new years fucking owning yours   cleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeear
0	I'm sad. One of the dogs from the rescue centre I volunteer at, passed away a few hours ago. Bye Luke... :-( At least his last years were good.
1	so if anyone didnt hear. i lost my longboard/it got stolen over spring break. please dont ask how, lets just say im a dumb ass. so if you see it heres a short description:  its about 3 and a quarter feet tall/long, has Independant Skate trucks, a Lib Tech deck (2 layers of plywood, and one layer of plastic) with a design of a sward with flames around it, with a flyer/banner towards the base that says "Lib Tech"  anywho. but some one may have found it. and hopefully they'll be giving it back. and if they dont, and ride it publicly, hopefully they'll be ready for one hell of a beating if they're spotted by anyone i know. so yea, if you see them, give them a beating and take my board back, then give it to me, and ill give you something in return.  i love to have my longbaord back in my arms/under my feet.
1	finally i graduated from highschool. it was fun being in highschool with frens and wchool work and activities... an dthe memories.. finally i have finished highschool.. it's time to move on to more bigger things in life... pero i don't know.. i'm still thinking wat's ahead of me.. are they good things or bad.. wat will i become one day.. wat can i do...... wat will life leads me...anong mangyayari sa life ko.. hindi ko pa alam.. all i know is that there is light at the end of each tunnel and my life will still go on no matter wat.. and i'll just go where my life leads me.. amd God will always by my side.....
0	Well last night was cool, worked 4-9 then me and Jerry and Vicki went to Long John Silvers and ate there. Then came back to krogers and hung out till 2 am. I haven't really done much today sof ar, I work 4-9 so that sux. Me and Jerry are camping AGAIN wednesday night till friday mornin' again next week. WEll Im out, see yall later! KEEP IT METAL!
1	Awesome weekend.  3 TEYET things that happened this weekend. ~Getting randomly, generously licked in the face several disgusting times. ~Sliding in the gym on a saturday, singing jesse McCartney and Avril. ~In the car on the way home from the olive garden my dad thinks we should play 'name that tune' where he puts the radio to scan and during the 3 seconds it's on each station we get one point if we know who sings the song. well we're getting on the freeway and my mom gets really excited cuz she know it...she yells COLLECTIVE SOUL right in my dads face..who is driving and she pushes both her arms on him. He runs into the car merging with him...  my first car accident YEAH!
0	I'm tired of the drama. Why is there ALWAYS something? My source of Joy is also my source of Sorrow. You can't have one without the other...       *baby you're all that I want, when you're lying here in my arms. I find it hard to beleive, we're in heaven*
1	  I believe that lovers should be chained together thrown into a fire with their songs and letters left there to burn left there to burn in their arrogance but as for me i'm coming to my final failure i kill myself with changes trying to make things better ended up becoming  something other than what i had planned to be.  ....   i believe that lovers should be draped in flowers and laid intwined together on a bed of clover left there to sleep left there to dream of their happiness...       (in the space, conor fell in love.)  i finally understand.
1	Ahh. The OC=happiness.   Happiness and love.  Love and Summer.  Summer and Seth.  LOVE.  ...also. The Catcher in The Rye is a very good book. So is White Oleander. I wish I had all the time in the world to just read and obsess over fictional characters.
1	Well, in a few minutes       sueij    will be picking me up from work and we'll be heading to the airport.  First on the agenda is a visit to see       legocoach    and       sarahf    in their new home.  Then, it's off to Hilton Head for a week with my family.  This will be the first time we have all been together for any length of time in years.  It is also my first return to the beach in a long time, and I'm looking forward to it very much.  My biggest concern is Alex -- he hasn't been sleeping well at all (probably teething) and I really hope he doesn't keep everybody else awake at night.  Lord knows Sue and I are exhausted enough as it is!  Still, it'll be nice to be able to hand him off to a grandparent some of the time during the day and  just go enjoy our vacation some of the time.  We'll miss the rest of you while we're gone.  See you in a week!
1	heya mofos,   i got my license today. 6 errors. I dont think I should've passed, cos I did some marvelously dumb things during the test but that's society's problem now. Thanks to the lady who tested me. Sorry she had to listen to my nervous muttering and witness my flustered hand signals.
1	Well, I am officially very happy, as       matteo_0    posted the new chapter of his story, the one where I am introduced! YAY! I am the clumsy mage!! Go me!!! Spent lunchtime with him in the library, rediscovering my love for Neopets, which I spent most of last night on playing games, doing stuf with pets, etc. Me and Matt now have a guild, called the guild of Novel-Writing Neopetters, for Neopetters, who write novels. Go us! I'll see if I can get anybody else to join.  We have a Science assignment now, which should be fun. We have to use a powerpoint or iMovie to do a fly-by or landing of five planets. YAY! But I'm not allowed to use flash, which would be the ideal program to do it in. Have to go now, will post more stuff later today. Iceberg out.
0	So since this whole broken foot, out for the rest of the season thing, i've been pretty depressed. I hate this, i can't even explain it. I just feel like I'm not gonna be part of the team anymore. I can't even play on senior night and thats all if wanted for so long. Oh god, i can't even write about this without tearing up. I feel like my world is falling apart. Its  not just soccer, i feel so left out and excluded. It just hurts and no one understands. It doesnt matter how much people say they understand, no one can be inside my head and feel how i feel. The words that people say are only words, and for me actions speak so much louder than words. Im so disappionted in myself and other people around me. I feel like i have the weight of the world on my shoulders. But at the same time I'm just the shadow on the wall, slipping in unnoticed and fading into the night....maybe someday i'll just fade away...
1	Watching my sister and John play Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles is FUN.  Kristina: You want a life stone? John: No I'm good. Kristina: You never know when I'm gonna die. John: ...That's true gimme that life stone.  In that game, we all have one character each:  Me = Female short-haired clavat merchant named Ruby Al = Male capped Clavat tailor named Zadkiel Kris = Male wolfie selkie blacksmith named Ail John = Male visor liltie rancher named DRAKE Claire = Male bandana selkie alchemist named Drey  Yes, only 2 of us are our actual gender, and yes, only I am playing a female.  Now if you'll excuse me, I need to watch 'Ail' and 'DRAKE' set themselves on fire.
1	Fun weekend :)  Ladies poker.. group of good friends at a pub ending in a huge circle hugging and screaming to "Build me up buttercup".. cute guy from Cambridge... London for Easter!.. Indian head massage... helping out a charity.. some old scottish men pinching my butt and Tamara screaming "way to take one for the team!!".. dancing on tables.. lap dances.. fun pictures.. Lindsay stripping..   Haha yeah.. This is my version of a good weekend here ;)
1	I just experienced the cutest thing ever and I think my heart just did the big flutter moments and my stomach did big leaps, it actually brought a tear to my eye.   My nephew who turned 2 on Friday spoke to me for the first time ever on the phone and I'm lost for words. I have never met him yet and to hear him say in his little cute kiddy voice "ally, I uv oo" made my heart melt.   I can't wait until September as I'm going over to see my brother and him and this time it's for definate. I have this job for 6 months now, so I will be able to afford it. Even considering treating my mum to go with me so she can meet her grandson for the first time too.   The deal is, if she continues going to AA and is sober in August, I'm paying for her flight over. All she needs is her spending money.  If she can't do it, then I'm going over anyways and I cannot wait!!!
0	haha today was ok 2 hour delays are good and  sleeping in till 8 is even better.Cept for  the fact that kyle was not alone today at  wrk so no stuff :( piiiiised and for  some reason my car is makign a funny  noise....not good
1	I went for a walk today because it's so nice.  I never get to walk around downtown.  So I loaded up my MP3 player with some new stuff (New doves album...EEEEE!) and strutted my way downtown.  Ran into crazy Caroline at ballistic(she's so crazy). Had some subway and went back home.  Whew...so hilly.   I bought 3 pairs of shorts yesterday.  I am so pumped about Cuba. I also bought a neat-o track jacket.  I found some work pants @ the gap for $10!! $10!! awesome.   I also bought a belt buckle that has a bottle opener in it.  I've always wanted to be able to open beer with my junk. So functional..my junk is...functional.  I'm gonna BBQ tonight.  And then go to Jenn B's recital thing.  And I don't care, I'm wearing my suit anyway.  I Love wearing my suit, any excuse.    This entry was stupid. But it's sunny and I dont care!   Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
1	 Goal reached. I'm here to stay! Thanks for the love!  This calls for a celebration.     You don't have to stop feeding me comments, though. 
1	While I was in British Columbia the last couple days visting Whitefox and company, we stopped by the Virgin Megastore in downtown Vancouver.&nbsp; There, I spent way too much money on overpriced CDs.&nbsp; What did I pick up, you ask?&nbsp; Why, I'll tell you!  Akufen - Fabric17 DJ Krush - Jaku E-Z Rollers - Titles of the Unexpected... London Elektricity - Billion Dollar Gravy UNKLE - Never Never Land  I think the DJ Krush and UNKLE albums are my two favorites.&nbsp;
1	Ahhhh... my BNL Peep Show-ing came to an end in Albany on Tuesday.   To those of you I saw at the shows it was great seeing you (and it was great to finally meet Ron & Carla in Albany and Amy in Philly).   I barely have time to miss BNL because I'm off to Toronto to catch Games 5 6 & 7 of the Rheostatics Fall Nationals.  I know I'll be seeing       a_wee_chickadee   ,       starr234    and       annaanastasia    (and maybe       audzilla   ?)... hopefully I'll also meet up with       shmanny   ,       beautyon    and       bluecanuck   .  Hope I don't hit too much craptastic weather on my drive up...
1	its sooooo cooooold out here.... yday i managed to build my first snowman....i just progressed till the tummy part though ;)....it was way too cold to continue... next weekend surely a complete snowman.. :D
0	nothing to say. babysat this morning.   i feel stupid. i'm a little less depressed than earlier though, because diane is comming over...but my parents are at the new church right now helping put stuff together, and it's like 10 minutes away from dianes apartment...so they're gonna pick her up when they're done. and i'm obviously not with them...so that's really gonna suck for diane. it'll be really awkward. and what makes it worse is that they're in the truck. so the three of them are gonna be squshed in there, and diane is gonna hafta be in the middlew bcause she's the smallest....hahaha shes gonna be so pissed at me.  but my parents are picking up some chinese food on the way back so that'll be good.  so that's all. i still feel really shitty. heh..the ups and downs of a bipolar.
1	WOOOO  April vegas baby!!  Celi and Sophie and I r going to VEGAS in april.. they gonna see her 5 times *wow* I just 2 times.. which is enough... am not that big fan-ish ;) Wooty woo  I am too excited to go.. already...   At least I have the ticket lol
1	GO IRELAND! :D  Ireland is the country they are going to present for Memphis in May!  Woooooo! We've had south korea and ireland now.  I am happy XD
1	 A BIG THANK YOU AND MANY HUGS &amp; KISSES TO       strangeasanjles    !!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3    I got her package today ^_^ We did a trade not too long ago (leg warmers for a skirt). The skirt totally ROCKS! Its really sexy, too ;) its made of clear vinyl and trimmed with black vinyl. Its pleated and has lotsa bondage rings on it &amp; zips in the back. Plus she gave me some hello kitty stickers, instructions to make puffy sleeves (and they are understandable, too w00t!), and pretty bracelets :)    I shall post up pics probably tonight after I am done cleaning if cleaning doesn't wear me out o.O    Thank thank thank thank you anjle!!!    xoxoxox-Shadowbunny 
0	I've never been this emotional. Damn, it's like continuous PMS minus the PM. I can't go to these sessions without crying. I feel like I just devolved into who I was in 3rd grade, this little girl who started to cry whenever she felt guilty. I wonder when I stopped. Maybe it was the summer of 6th grade with all the shit around him, just another guy, just another guy. Funny how these things change you. Look how we ended up. Three desperate girls each looking for our own consolation. Late nights after midnight movies and concerts. What are you trying to prove? Don't underestimate me. Let your nose run red but I won't be there. There's only so much of me I can give. I think it's worse to expect less of someone.
1	i haven't been this happy in such a long time, parking ticket and all
1	So today was spent studying for history. That is after i got up at 3:30pm. Studied. Played computer. Ate something. Talk to ...mmm... on the telephone for 2 hours :D... *grins a lot*... studied some more.. got caught in a vortex known as msn... and now at 4am i am off to have a shower! then some bed. and then get 3 hours of sleep and get up and write my exam. God i love my living habits.  ~Dave
1	Tomorrow I'm leaving for Sweden to see Nik. Oh fuck, I just realized that Markus and Peter are there too. No, I don't mean I just realized that they're there, I realized the significance of the three of them being there at once.  Big. Swedish. Monster.  Maybe I should just stay in the oven, I mean, San Jose. Nope, can't stay away from Nik. See you soon. *grin*
1	Thanks to the lovely Saragitch, I am now the proud owner of my very own Lululemon sport bag in BABY PINK!!!! OMG!  &lt;3  SO MUCH LOVE!
0	Found this article on the BBC - arachnophobics can sleep easy once again...    http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/manc hester/4268363.stm 
1	Even though it's chilly out - it's SPRING - finally!  Soon I can start taking my kitties outside after work.  Can't wait!  AND I can actually walk outside instead of mall walking!  Yipee!  :)
1	We're back in Seattle!  Good things are already happening.  Hez and I have had some much-needed alone-together time, holed up in our Kent hotel room, after 6 weeks of being apart. We're getting our into apartment a day early. Tomorrow! We found a coool place in a good location (Denny Triangle) for  cheap . Katze took a shower. That was adorable. Hez has a job interview on Tuesday that looks very promising. And she'd work downtown! I'm definitely going to be employed next week. I have an offer from Infinium Labs and may have an offer from Amazon. Both downtown!   I can't wait to finally be settled in and start living a normal life again. So many people to see, so much to do!!  It's good to be back.
0	"There are 12 million children in Africa who have lost their parents due to AIDS and unless something is done, there may be as many as 20 million by 2010."   http://www.one.org/ 
1	WEll for those of you who missed it last time i am gonna be living at:  222 Bigelow Kalamazoo, MI 49008  and my class schedule is as follows: Monday-Human Sexuality 4-6:20 Tuesday- Consumer Education 9:30-10:45          Ocean Systems 2-3:15          Modern Soc. Problems 6:30-8:30 Wednesday-Career Seminar 9-10:40 Thursday-Consumer Education 9:30-10:45          Ocean Systems 2-3:15 Friday-Free!  But i have to take 5 classes which sucks but oh well! so that is what i will be doing on those times starting January 3rd.
1	*Jump Jump Jump* Just catted to Long, he called me from Melbourne!!!! AHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, it's wonderful to hear from him! Not seen him for like 2.5 years, since the day I left for Australia, it's so comforting to hear his voice, and indeed, I think he tamed down heaps and sounded so much more matured... I'm still use to calling him Long Ge, Long etc..nhhhehehe making him sound so Gangster like.... Wish he'll come and visit me instead or me going to Melb, it's so good to be able to meet a friend in a foreign country.....:&gt;.........  Enjoy your trip and I'll meet u up in Singapore real soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Hugs*
1	Birthday to me! Today's my birthday. If anyone wants to get me something, give me money. That's all!  Kthanksbye.
1	 You are Totally Realistic  "Romance" means you're about to roll your eyes  Seriously, you can do without the sap or drama  Save it for someone who has nothing really going on in their relationship    For you, love is real - and easily integrated into your life  You don't need candles, flowers, or chocolates to know he's the one  Just some stimulating conversation… and maybe a great smile.       Are You Romantic or Realistic? Take This Quiz :-)        Find the Love of Your Life  (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance.  
0	    How to make a ME         Ingredients:   5 parts anger  3 parts arrogance  1 part energy         Method:  Stir together in a glass tumbler with a salted rim. Serve with a slice of fitness and a pinch of salt. Yum!        Username:       Personality cocktail  From  Go-Quiz.com  
1	For more inforamtion see my update at   ercarter.com   I'm going to San Francisco for the week! I brought my laptop, so I'll connect to my computer at home periodically and come back from "away".  Signed, The Doc
1	 HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!&lt;3   yea I know v-day's almost over but...yea...  I spent most of today and yesterday on the comp watching anime, reading manga, and watching chinese series.  I should really start on my homework, but don't feel like it...err.  I'm currently watching:  anime : FMA Maburaho   Chinese (TVB) : Angels of Mission Heart of Fencing  Manga, I won't bother with...considering I read a lot...and only finished a couple of the series...most of them are still on-going @_@  yea that's what I wanted to announce and the fact that I wish everyone a happy v-day.
0	Or even care I haven't been around a whole lot? Sure doesn't seem like it...there are other ways to communicate, but I guess I am not as loved as I thought I was...
0	Life is too complicated...  Relationships are too overwhelming...  After 6 years with the same person, I think it's finally time to move on... There are too many unnecessary issues that I have to deal with and I don't want to deal with anymore... I know that when you go out with someone (they are the ONLY one that you have to worry about) but there are other people around that it's inevidable that you must deal with them... and I'm tired of all this... I try to make things work... but the onus shouldn't be on me to make amends for something I didn't do or to make people feel good about themselves... that's not my job in life... I have better things to worry about and spend my time on then stuff like this... why isn't a relationship just between 2 people anymore?
1	  HEy!!      Tommorrow im going to Yosemite w. my family and my cuzin!!! Im so happy its going to snow there! Im leaving @ 4:30 am! So i wont be writting to you ppl for a while so C YA!!!!!!!!!!!       &nbsp;     ~ Alliance is Ahava ~  
1	pictures of me suck. I was just going to change mine, and couldn't find one that I liked, so I just took off any pictures.
1	Today I wrote all over Brian Forth. We covered his arms,hands and a bit of his stomach just last period with dumb nonsense sayings. And I'd like to say that is was.... Really Fun!!!!!!!!!!! I'm getting Ai no Kusabi from ebay as well. This one is non-pirated.Yay! I would also like to say hi to Leahanne and Emily cause their in class with me right now. Hi guys! oh and i took some quizes         On which planet you should live on?           Which flower are  you ?  
1	Dave and I were lying in front of the fire playing a game of chess. I lost abysmally -_-;; I must have only destroyed about three pawns and his knight. I only ended up with my king and a pawn!!!! The pile of my pieces just grew and grew!  *giggles* it was nice anyway *kisses D*   ~Emma
1	coffee date!  Friday April 15, 2005! (this Friday)   8:30, Second Cup, Dalhousie and Rideau 
1	1) For Xydexx:   The Meme Everyone's Been Waiting For    The fullsize image of the avatar I did for       kagur     1. Stop talking about politics for a moment or two. 2. Post a reasonably-sized picture in your LJ, NOT under a cut tag, of something pleasant, such as an adorable pony, or a comical garbanzo bean, or a llama in a car. Something that has NOTHING TO DO WITH POLITICS. 3. Include these instructions, and share the love.     2) Rather than talk politics and debate 'red states' versus 'blue states', I am just gonna post a URL showing the voting results broken down by  county . Chew on this:   Purple America    3) I'm all excited today because I found the Caer an exellent contractor to do the major job of fixing the old house's roof and gutter system, and everyone in the house agreed so  Edward Humphrey LLC  start on Saturday. Whee!  Oh, and as I write this, my coug'r is out at the Halo 2 release party... *giggle*
1	hey well what zup ppl...i got a bday presnt from my aunt and fam...i got this shirt that says..like roar...on the front  and my nike name on the backl...nettle  and money...pretty kewl stuff but yea now i am board and i should od my math homework!! for once 
1	I GOT THE BEAUTY AND THE BEAST SOUNDTRACK FROM THE GREATEST GIRL JILLIAN RAE SUTER TODAY!!!! THANKS JILL. hehe
0	I watched the walls around me crumble  But its not like I won't build em up again  So heres your last chance for redemption  So take it while it lasts 'cause it will end  And my tears are turning into time I've wasted trying to find a reason for goodbye   [Chorus:]  I cant live without you  Can't breathe without you I'm dreamin' bout you honestly  Tell me that its over  And if the world is spinning and I'm still living  It wont be right if were not in it together  Tell me that it's over  And I'll be the first to go   Don't want to be the last to know  I wont be the one to chase you  But at the same time your the heart that I call home  I'm always stuck with these emotions  And the more I try to feel the less I'm whole  My tears are turning into time  I've wasted trying to find a reason for goodbye   [chorus]   My tears are turning into time  I've wasted trying to find a reason for goodbye   [chorus] 
1	Oh wow! In about a month I can celebrate the  5-year anniversary of my livejournal !
1	 If there is at least one person in your life whom you consider a close friend, and whom you would not have met without the Internet, post this sentence in your journal. 
1	Yesterday was mine and Stu-kun's two year anniversary.  Yaaaaay.
1	  Post 3 adjectives you would use to describe me. Post this in your journal and see what I say about you.    Pleeeeease??
1	Mike and Darren came to see me at work today. It so made my  WEEK . haha. i love you guys. &lt;3   IM MAD! CORPORATE DIDN'T SHOW UP! dfgadfg  &gt;=O
1	  and i believe that angels breath   and love will live on and never leave...       (he is lovely)     
0	We went to see  A Closer Walk  at Images tonight.    There are times in your life when you ask "Why me?" and your heart feels close to breaking because you don't see how you can manage all of the bad things in your life.  Then there are times in your life when you ask "Why me?" and your heart feels close to breaking because you don't see how you got all of the good things in your life while others have so much bad.  I'd write more, but       nightangelca    says, much as she'd like to let me talk, she has homework to do.  Perhaps later.
0	I know I did the right thing. But how do I know?  I used to think of big, meaningful words when I thought of him.  I feel like I shouldn't have given up that safety.  He was safe, if he wasn't right.
1	OMG!i have not updated in the longest time!i havent updated period!.!!!haha like the period commercial....any-who....i need friends on live journal! other than "jen ben" and "chris piss" (sorry you guys!)but yea...hey yo guess what?!!!!harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban is coming out on DVD on tuesday! woo hoo!!!!!! i cant wait! i really wanna go though at monday midnight to get it! i dunno...how loserish....ooh and guess what else?! in 364 more days harry potter and the goblet of fire is coming out in theaters!!!!yay!!!...how duumb am i?well its friday and im at chris's house looking for clothes for this shoot thingy..ok this thing went through my mind..i am probably only writing this journal that only 2 other people will read!!!why because i have no friends!!!how sad....i need friends you guys!!!!please?! pretty please!!!!ok...well thats all i wanna say....until next time! toodles!!!
1	Good times... good times.. TO everyone who came by..thanks for a great night!  a good shout out this time to Hayley and Ben who came over to see me!! And of course to the italian roomie Gina!  My best friend and sister Brit is back from ROME!! And watch out everyone because she is coming to live with me in jersey for the rest of the summer! We are getting her ready to compete for Ms. Pennsylvania! Another AGD in the spotlight!!  My sismo (sister- mother) steph and my mom.. (new member educator) nat came over tonight too! I love all my sisters! What will i do when i can't live with them next semester.. play in italy i suppose!!   night all!
0	You ever just sit there one day looking at what was and what is now?  I decided to critique my life thus far.  I think I've done pretty darn thus far (not that it matters in the end... right Jeff?)... but then I look at the people I've met and the people I've lost... and it's depressing to look at how close those numbers are getting.  I remember less than a year ago, that I couldn't count all my friends on all my fingers and toes.  Now I look at it and count, and I can barely fill a two hands (and that's straining to find names).  I seriously don't know what happened or where they all went.  I was told that I'm a selfish person, I guess I'm being selfish right now by writing this little entry eh.  So in a nutshell, I'm asking all those who happen to read this lovely 'peep-hole into my life', what did I do wrong? is there any way to reverse it?  I don't know... but I miss you all....  Later...
1	A woman caught me staring at her.  She asked, "Why are you looking at me?"  I replied, "Because you're so beautiful."  "You're a pervert!" she exclaimed.  "You're probably right," I retorted.  "Anybody who feels sexually attracted to you  has  to be a pervert."
1	i'm not sure what to say. i am having a good day. i only have one class left. then aaron is coming to my house and we will begin tracking drums. i've pretty much decided that i want to spend a couple months recording the best stuff we can and i want to have a real demo. something i'm not afraid to hand to someone in a band i admire. i know the songs are good, we just have to execute so other people feel the same. i think i want to listen to paint it black on the way home. i've listened to a lot of olp the past few days and i miss them. i wish i could look forward to the new record, but i can't. it will suck. that makes me really sad. while listening to them, i remembered/realized what a profound effect they had on me. it's fun. i want to write new songs. i wish i had like two months off from work and school. that would rule. spring break party coming up. i for one am very excited.
1	James, love... I don't know how to thank you enough.  You're absolutely wonderful.  Your 'gift' really means a lot to me.  I love you, very much.  [Private: Ravenclaw Team] Don't be phased by the Gryffindor's.   We  know who's got the better team, right?  One last practice before the match.  Thursday. 3:30 - 5:45.  let's hope the weather for the game is fair. [/private]
1	MY BEST FRIEND CAITLIN IS BACK!!! its so weird in a totally awesome way to have her back again! i was a little worried that she might be different but no! shes the same caitie we love! its so much fun being with her again and remember all the old inside jokes (lol like the cookie monster) and the CAPERS. we really are awesome at the capers.  ok so i decided that since all i ever do is write mean things about christopher, i should try writing some good things. because really he is wonderful...when he wants to be. and so whatever we are doing is really good, and this time he doesnt take me for granted and calls me when he says he will and stuff. AND he brought me rubber duckies when i was in the play which was the coolest thing ever!!! something has changed with us, but im not really sure what it is. even caitlin said this time seemed different when she saw us. but im still scared. and i know hes trying but there really isnt anything he can do to make me unscared.
0	OMG!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOING WRONG?!?!?!?!? WHY CAN'T I MAKE HIM HAPPY?!?!?!?!?!?!? WHY IS HE HAPPIER WITH OTHER GIRLS THEN ME?!?!?!?!?!? I'M SO SRRY!!!!!!!!!! I'M SRRY I'M A CRAPY GIRLFRIEND!!!!! I'M SRRY I CAN'T MAKE YOU HAPPY!!!!! I REALLY WISH I COULD!!!!!!!! I'M SO SRRY!!!!! PLEASE FORGIVE ME?
1	And the honeymoon in sunny St. Lucia has finally been booked. It's beginning to look like we're really gonna get married. LOL. My migraine has subsided for the most part. That makes me happier.  We're gonna go see Hero in a bit here and then we'll be going to dinner at a japanese steakhouse soon there after. :)
0	I miss my mommy.  & she's only been gone a day. She left me a message today while I was sleeping.  "Hey Amy. It's mom. I thought I'd just call you because the ship is moving and we're slowly moving to sea. I love you and I hope everything is going good. Give the puppies kisses for me. I love you baby and I miss you. I'll try calling back later be sure to be home tomorrow so we can call you. I love you."  :'[. She called back and I woke up and talked to her. I think she was a little tipsy. Every other word was I love you. I miss her..Today I hungout with christopher...all day pretty much. It was tres fun. I love you baby.  g'night fags.   PS. IT WAS FUCKING HILARIOUS TODAY ME AND CHRIS WENT TO THE PARK AND KRISTI AND RAMOND WERE SITTING RIGHT NEAR CHRIS' HOUSE. I THOUGHT IT WAS FUCKING FUNNY AS FUCK. WHAT A OCD-er. lmfao. jk...not.
1	I have killed my old dance bag (my troupe is happy now!) and need a new one!  anyone have any recommendations for a particular one? is there one which can be slung over shoulder, maybe turn into a rolly cart, with compartments for jewlery/makup and a big one for skirt/ extra scarves, etc?  I tend to take everything with me and enough for 2 people so it has to be a good size.  Thanks!
0	Email received today at 11:07am:  "Peter and Jason, I apologize for the delay in getting your paychecks. Unfortunately, since you did not go through the entire "New Hire" process, you have to be paid differently than normal. The checks will be mailed out September 2, 2002.  We have not heard anything from Verizon and the program is on hold indefinitely as of now. Should anything change, I will contact you immediately.  Thank you for your patience!  Ed XXXXX BDS Marketing 800-XXX-XXXX xXXXX"    UGH. 
1	 So yeah, today is a good day all is well and everything is fine.    Yay I am sunshine I am positive chi itself.    Lets all be happy.     Sun rains on clouds      Clouds take form      Part before the One      Beauty is thine name      Peace thine soul      Blessed be      Be happy for it is Spring      And Cupid is among us  
0	i'm tired. and i'm....in a weird mood. today was a good day. but i'm feeling sorta crappy at the moment. i think i'm burnt out. too much crap for one day. i just realized i have no school thursday. i so plan on doing something of interest. and tomorrow i'm going to the used/the bled. which should be fun. but yeah. word. i don't know what else...haha. c'est tout? je pense. bien.
1	Well, this past weekend was one of the best I've had in a while and that goes for Easter too.  I had so much fun. Thanks for inviting us Ricky!   Here's a list to sum up my weekend:  -spiderman -odds and evens -speed uno -Matt G. totally destroying me during every turn in speed uno. -scattegories -the game with the master, rabbit, tiger, dragon -good food...too much food -easter baskets -little baby -Bob -good friends -lady bugs - --;
1	:: Finds Cass filing some papers with her headphones on, sneaks up and starts tickling ::
0	I'm so depressed. I's Friday night and I'm at home, all alone. There's not even anyone on my messenger list to talk to. Hoe sad am I?
1	1. 'Temperamental' is a most useful word when describing wine and such.  2. It is extremely simple to throw a ball and have it go at a sixty angle to where you intended it to go. Correct aim with negative sixty angular deviation.  3. Avoid greeting Y by saying "Oh, you must be the person X hates." Especially when Y is the girlfriend of X. Especially when X said nothing of the sort to you. Unwise, leads to awkward silences.
1	:) yay it's BEAUTIFUL outside!  now i just need somebody to go throw a football with me.
1	Good day yesterday, lots of samples got measured. Today, sadly, no samples get measured, as Birgit isn't in at the afternoon. Means I can relax as well though, and do a couple of other things I need, like paying some bills.   Booked my flight for Devastation. Need to confirm with CP how much money they want from me. I think I will be very poor after the event :-(  Oh, and In-U and I have been together for 4 weeks now (*dugs and hides*)! :-D
0	not really in the mood to update...but aint got nuttin else to do!! Kinda sucks bein me!! This weekend is gonna suck...just like all the other ones. Hope ya'll has fun at the grad. And yous gotta take some pics so i can see!! =(! Anyways im' gonna jet! *ByeBye*
1	I Went to London yesterday with a few friends to watch We Will Rock You, I left the theatre on the biggest high ever... it's mind blowing, the energy is absolutely insane. I often wondered how west end stars manage to produce a good show and not get bored every night when performing, but with a show like that, it's easy to see just how much of a rush they must get, every night. I got us great seats too, right in the centre of a stalls. Awesome night!  I caught up with a friend for a few hours in the day, and then the rest of us spent most of the day in posh bars. It was a great day.   With the prospects of massive opportunities ahead of me... and the fact that I'm pretty much in love, I couldn't really be happier at the moment. A whole life ahead of me and so many different directions and places I can go.
0	 jeah... so thanks to harvey's (my car) clutch pooping out, i won't be on bassdrive... but you should tune in because chris is playing some really good shit! and ceasarelli  will be playing around 3 as well, so check it out for sure.      harvey.     now i just need to figure out how i'm going to get my damn car outta the tiny parking garage and to a shop. unfortunately for me, doing work on hydraulic shit is a bit more than i or my pops are willing to try without all dem special tools.  so, since i'm not really feelin like dealing with all that reality, i'm gonna draw me some robots. :] 
1	Just like to wish a very happy birthday to       berin    and       tyber_de    *hugs you both tightly and places party hats on your heads* Hope you two have a wonderful birthday. :)
0	My grandmother isn't well...she's been like that a few times before, but for some reason, some feeling, I think it's different this time...  "There. Lying. Lost in your own isolation. Invisible, untouchable bricks you've built.  Seems all sealed, hermetically.  Why are you leaving, traces disappearing.. Connections fading; endless waiting.  No translation for your words.  Screaming them out, but by us, unheard. I reach out, touch you, but you don't feel your emotions and desires, burnt by years. Part from us now, but leave us never. My great beloved, don't fear me forgetting, ever..."
1	        It's not so very big yet, but it's a definite difference from what it used to be. I have no waist. None.      &nbsp; 
1	Okay, apparently there was some confusion in the last post. If you guys read the bottom, you'll notice there's a link. I know Nick has used it already. I laughed when I saw your comments. Thanks, guys, but I'm still 17. My birthday isn't until May 20. ^_^ Heeheeheeheehee. Love ya guys! ^_~
0	I just found out that the grade on my first biopsych midterm was extremely, horribly bad.  The worst part is that I don't feel THAT bad about it.  I can justify it because, you know, we can drop one of our exams.    Good thing I don't want to be a biopsychologist.  I suck.
1	Incredible night.  I was told sincere, heartfelt words that I will remember forever.  I don't think it's possible for me to be any more lucky.  I love you, Dal.   I'm not insane that's how it seems though spiteful, cruel, but wise beyond his age my body fails my soul will rise the end of life's immortalized disease and agony and I see death through golden eyes 
1	Well, I've found the will to GM again, even if it's not the will to GM Dragoon's Birth.  Rather, after having seen enough examples of other competent GMs in action and having dipped my toe into it again with a tiny private game I'm running called Lucid, I've found myself preparing to run an Exalted God-Blooded play-by-post game -- without even having meant to! -- and found myself very happy about this after I got over the initial panic.  There are still three slots left in  Vermilion Underachievers , and I haven't been as picky as usual about what kinds of applications I accept so long as they suit the premise, so if said premise appeals, then hurry up and join!  That said, I also have critics here, which is a big reason why I don't post so much anymore, so having been referred through this post isn't any guarantee of being accepted, either.  Now back to reloading my front page every several minutes to see if there's a new post yet...  ;)
1	Today has been the best Monday ever!  Not only is it a holiday so there was no traffic, but I found out that my Sr. Manager is not moving to a different position within the company... AND I got an awesome new Microsoft keyboard and mouse.  (I'm a sucker for free stuff.)  I can't tell you how happy I was to hear that Jamie, our Sr. Manager, was not leaving our team.  I was so impressed with her in my initial interview and knew that I didn't want to work for the company, I wanted to work for her.  In the six weeks that I have been here she has done nothing but impress me and inspire me.  I'm so glad she's not leaving us!  Found a new poll from a cool chick's LJ.  I like this one a lot.  I think it summed me up well.       I am  Progressive Girl  Click on the picture below to read more:      Take the 'What Kind of Girl Are You?' quiz at CookingToHookup.com      
1	 this is probably my last entry... skiathos on monday morning. 41°C apparently :s ..isn't that over 100 in farenheight? goddamn.  heheheeheh! holidays!!  see you soon. xx
1	I am so ready for my game tonight.  I have been looking forward to this game for awhile.  Ever since i played shitty last game, i figured the only way i can make it up is to play a great game tonight.  And that is what i plan on doing.  I am so ready, and i feel like kicking somone's ass.  This team is easy, so we should win.  This game i am going to concentrate more and make sure i don't fuck things up.  I am excited, and can'twait till game time comes.  Wish me luck, i have to go ice my arm so i can play great.  U better be there to cheer me on.  Peace.
0	So instead of going to a concert alone, I decided to see a movie alone which was cheaper.  Saw Gunner Palace, documentary on some soldiers in Iraq..now you know why I went alone.  Spring break seems to be more and more meaningless in my head, I almost want to go to school just so it's something to keep me busy. Oh well, I'll pretend im in Cali or something.  Didnt have that drink I wanted this weeked, probaly a good thing since Im depressed enough. End.
1	 Yeah, so we're going to the twin cities tomorrow for my Historical Perspectives class. We are going to go to some art museums and see a play. So, I am very excited!!!       Was looking at the syllabuses for my classes and noticing that I have three tests on Friday of next week! 3! Out of 4 classes!!! That's insane!! It's stressful just thinking about the stress that will ensue next week. On the plus side, as soon as I get through my tests, I will be able to go home to Lincoln, NE, because we get Monday and Tuesday off for "reading break" 
0	im in like severe pain from my menstral cramps.this is the first time i had them in like 5 years and had to call off work because of the pain.plus im feeling so down like no one even cares.plus i  feel lonely i really need a steamroller pick me up and friends.im so upset and down.  :'(
0	I just came back from a funeral yesterday. It was a sad and deary thing My cousin and i were like lost sheep...  For it was the first time we were at a funeral on our own...  Our friend looked wierd... I guess u would if u lost your father... I look up to him  He was alwiz cool, calm and in control of his life...  Somethings DO change... He did not walk with his usual swagger... He just knealt there... Paying respects to people who prayed his dad...  He came over to us... His cocky grin...  all gone All there were left were tears in his eyes... And semi-dried tears all over his right arm...  I did not know what to say... We just sat quietly on a table in the middle of the road... Wondering what the future holds....
1	001. Reply with your name and I will write something lovely about you. 002. I will then tell what you song[s] remind me of you. 003. Next, I will tell you who you remind me of, celebrity/animated or otherwise. 004. Last, I will try to name a single word that best describes you. 005. Put this in your journal it is not an option &gt;:O 006. In your comment, write a New Year's type resolution thingy you are thinking of perhaps making, even if you aren't into that sort of thing.
0	Last night sucked. I was sick and not feeling well... but the huge fight, the fucking stupid mother fuckers at the bar, and just being in this towne made it horrible.... Today, I'm officially going to lay in bed and cry.. as soon as Jason gets out of there... for the first time in a long time.. I wish he'd go home. I really just want to be by myself.
0	Is there no Criss anything on any channels this Halloween? Anyone?
1	Happy happy birthday Rhiannan! May your day be full of sunshine, lollipops, and rrrRRRrrr (or alcohol, whichever works)!  P.S. Sorry that I couldn't come see you this weekend, but your present will hopefully arrive soon.  
0	Whoa... this really is a ghost planet. No one posts here anymore.   I guess it's 'cause they don't play Space Ghost anymore. : (  Damn it... they should bring it back!!!
1	i reached into the fridge a few minutes ago and pulled out my daily Jones Soda, as Crushed Melon soda to be exact.  The writing under the cap told me "You will be honored."  i already have little jones soda cap... I already have.
1	It's almost 3 AM and I have a chem exam tomorrow, which I haven't studied for yet &gt;.&lt; BUT... I had to make a quick blog for what I've stayed up for:   True Oasis   It's the photo gallery that took me 2 months to make... because of all the scripting.  I actually coded everything... with some help of course [thanks Virgil, Whitney,  PHP.net , and  Google  ^____^] There's barely anything in the gallery right now... but I'll be adding my China pictures soon.  Actually, there is something hidden in there... which I will bring up a later date after I password protect it XDDD. Thanks for everyone's comments on the layout!!!  I'll plug you guys next entry... And don't worry... the chem test will be easy... but perhaps I should not underestimate it and actually study.  Meh, will do tomorrow &gt;.
1	Everyday is exciting, there are many things to do and many people to talk to!      But the most important thing that happened lately was my wish to buy an Emperium from Zio-chan, Yoriko-chan's lovely young brother (^^) (if someone doesn't know who Yoriko-chan is, please visit her here~  http://www.livejournal.com/users/ke miko/  ).  Zio-chan is really sweet and cute =^^= Someday I want to marry him! ((Is weird)) He sold me an Emperium for very low price, yatta ne! So I could create a cute guild for myself (^^)     Dou?       ((OOC: I just created a guild to give my chara a title and also to be able to change it whenever I want. It helps building the kind of charisma I want others to see from her (^^) ))
0	HI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  whats up with everybody!!  sry i haven't updated in a while, problems with the live journal.  So, today i got picked to shoot hoops at the March Madness Assembly!!!! i scored 1 basket, and it went swish!! go me go me!  GO UNIVERSITY OF CONNECTICUT!!!! UCONN HUSKIES!!! 40 POINTS!!!!!    WELL, TOMORROW IS NORTH DAY, SO MEYER CONNECTIONS CLASS, WEAR BLACK AND GOLD!!!!!  HOPE MY BEAUTIFUL DATE IS READY FOR THE DANCE!!!!  luv, tiff
0	  Gian Khổ - Joey Kim Nguyen (2005.02.14)     Người ta hay nói: Yêu là chỉ khổ rồi Không yêu sẽ là lổ. Mà tôi đặt câu hỏi:  Bao như lần trái tim Tôi bị tan nát vì nàng, Một cô gái mới lớn lên? Tôi hởi nàng điều này,  Tại sao nàng kéo tôi Vào lòng ám nàng rồi Tống cổ ra khởi đầu Không còn gì hết?  Có lẽ nàng chưa có biết Sự đau khổ thật là gì, thành ra Tôi cững không có trách, Mà gian khổ thì nhiều.      They usually say: Love is only suffering and Not loving is a loss. But I'll ask you this:  How many times has my heart Been torn apart because of you, A girl who just came to age? I'll ask you this too,  Why do you pull me Closer to your warmth then Throw me to the beginning With nothing left?  Maybe you don't know better What true pain is, so I won't blame you anyway, But this hardship is great.       More   of my poems.
1	That's right! January 11th will be my first day of college. I'm excited i'm anxious to meet new people and see a couple of old friends. I recently joined this website called The Facebook (www.thefacebook.com) and what you basically need to join is your university e-mail and than you get to create a profile about yourself, and also you can look up people from your high school that go to other schools, look for people in your school, and so on and so on. Not such a lame idea, but interesting to see who was on it :) Other than that everything is peachy. I should be getting a new bed soon so I can finally move in my room and decorate it according to the princess' like (aka me haha!) The new haircut seems to be very appreciated around here! Thank goodness because I can't attach my old hair back and i'm definatly sticking to black from now on.
1	               I just found out that..                
1	Happy New Year to everyone!!!!  I hope everyone had a safe new year's eve.  For the strangest occurance so far, I was actually off of work on new year's eve... FedEx never let's anyone off on that day!! o_O  Ahhhh, but it was great to ring in the new year with my sweetheart and her family. *^.^*  Take Care, everyone... and best wishes for a great 2005!!! d(^o^)b  -Sir Spockticus
1	Just wanted to say thanks for all the gifts, you people are beautiful! made me soo happy, heh. All the gifts totally blew me away, you all are soooo nice ^___^. I think i'm going to cry now, lol.  I also had a fun time at pams house ^_^ Eccept the ocational waking-of-the-airhorn drill, it was fun. I got home all safe, boring drive, but still got home safe. I fallowed the civic the way back, going 140 the whole way, it was good. Anyways, I got like the best shirt from my sister, lol! it's a shirt of stewie from "family guy" saing "you suck" lol. i luv it, and i can't wait to buy my lip stud, horray! also can't wait to get my amp! ehehe, i'm going to be glowing this week, lol. Plus it's going to be a short week for me, then i get to see pam again..i can't wait! anyways i'm out, enjoy the journal you filthy creatures! your bud, colin!
1	going to california tomm. i am excited. i get to see my grandparents and my godmother, it will be fun! i love it there. it is all non-humid (unlike here) and they have the greatest pool in the world, plus it is soooooo pretty. i love the palm trees and the atmosphere. i just need to not freak about the plane flight, i get a little scared before! i will be back on here when i get back! have a good week
1	 went to battle of the bands yesterday saw a  bunch  of people... i was sitting next to  steven  (of coarse) and i noticed  jen  soo i like ran up and  tackled  her onto a seat and she was like " omg who are you " ahha it was  dark  there and i was like josie and shes like  ahh!!!   josie&lt;333!!  it was  cute . alyssa didn't  call me  and tell me she was going to be at  MY  high school... rr...  &lt;3 anyways .  some kids were talking  shit  about jay and steven :( no good.      miss raven .. more bubble baths to come?&lt;3      some of the bands were really  retarded .. michael did a good job, ive never seen him perform...    jen and jon are the  cutest  they were hugging out side... CUTE!!! fall out boy is tonight!!yay!!     i think i write to much.. im sure most people don't even read this stuff...  
1	My friend Patrick just stopped by a few minutes ago.  He informed me that the job I applied for a month or so ago will most likely be open in the near future.  The girl currently holding that position turned in her 2 weeks notice.  I shall call them tomorrow. :)  Patrick has put in good words for me. :)  The only thing is it is a Monday through Friday job, so I wouldn't be able to do the Top China outings anymore...but at least I will have all weekend off!  I hate working Sundays anyway.
1	Today was pretty sweet.I had no hw cuase I got a free period in health cause i already finished my project.I also made captian for wrestling.Everyone voted for me.So thats pretty sweet.Tommorrow Imight not go to school because I have to go to my step dads grandfathers funeral and i have to go to the wake in a little bit.
1	A quick thanks to       taketa   .  I asked in a chat room if anyone knew what the song was from the Fantastic Four movie trailer.  It sounded cool and I wanted a copy.  Not only did Tak know the song, but like ten seconds after I asked, he was DCCing  A Perfect Circle - Counting Bodies  to me.  That is just awesome.
1	I am sitting at chaosandtwocats house, kinda drunk after artbroken's karoke festival. This rocked, and Helga thinks that I sang like a diva, even though I didn't know the words to manic monday. Stimpy is so hot.
0	Alright, very well....  I'm sad to have to announce that, since the collapse of the Soviet Union, the chickening out of Kadhaffi, the capture of Saddam, Castro allowing us to use Guantanamo Bay, and the apparent willingness of Kim Jong-Il to trade in his nuclear weapons for a few tubes of Vidal Sasson hair mouse, we (the right wing nutcases) have been forced by process of elimination to choose our only remaining 'enemy.'  Here he is...*shakes head*          michael__moore     Ummm...yeah...he's very dangerous to the free world, and all that shmutz.  So we should be INCREASING our defense budget, not decreasing it...uh...because you just never know when he may decide to start something.  (Oh god this is humiliating.  To think that the world is now such a happy, slappy place that we can't find anybody more formidable than the human equivalent of a McDonalds quarter pounder with cheese to be scared of.)
1	   Well Im back!        Went to my dads for a couple of days..        worked on the house its almost done... Oh and i had a ''car accident'' while i was driving.. its kinda funny.. well i find it funny.. its nothing big..it just snowed alot and well in the country there is alot of ice under the snow..and i was going a little 2 fast in the turn and ''BOOOOOM''&nbsp; In the big pile of snow! My dad was like WTF but after he wasnt mad at all! We got it out after 30 min ..lol&nbsp;Weeee *first little&nbsp;accident march 2 2005*        Ima going to see The Used and My chemical Romance now! Soo :D:D:D:D see ya all around soon        MY BDAY IS IN 2 DAYS :D (5TH)        &lt;Byes&gt;   
0	  I did it in 8   seconds. I deserved an A+!! Take the  How Dexterous Are You? Quiz !!  Wee! I rock! Well, my weeks been alright, but it seems to be getting progressivly worse... I have this itching feeling that by Saturday, I'll finally get out a long awaited cry... (I've been felling like crying and my eyes have been hurting for a few months now...) That should be nice... either I'll cry, or feel like fucking suicide. I failed my Biology test, which.... isn't good. Guess I gotta study more... But lightcrew was fun. I got to sort gells for the first time which is nice if you really really either want time to think, or to totally shut off your brain (I'm the second one.) I didn't get to school early enough to get extra credit in Bio either... That totally sucked... Well, I gotta get to class... more on this later I guess....
1	My freinds and i couldn't decide where to go or what to do over new years so we rented out a beach house for the week and just partied all week. I had the best fucking week away and the best ny party ever and when i got back some of the records i ordered for the boi were waiting... ~Cyprus Hardcore ~Life is a Mystery (Eraserhead) ~Rotterdam Special 2, which includes the original BRAINCRACKING ~Ecstacy You Got What I Need (Rob Gee) ~Fuck Osama Bin Laden (Rob Gee)  Just pissed off that they only sent me one copy of Ecstacy You Got What I Need when there was meant to be three copies, bastards. =( oh well.   Well, i'm off, about to go see LOTR 3 with the boi, any good?   I hope this year is great for all of you guys, just like i hope its great for me =)
1	        Blue Crash Kit    is up and running!  If you like it, please post a link in your journal, and in any communities you feel are relevant. :-)  We just launched at midnight on Jan 3rd, and by this morning had over a thousand hits, so we're pretty pleased.  Feel free to use this banner if you like (but please download the banner and put it on your server instead of hotlinking to it if you use it):      Although a male (myself) writes it, the art is all done by a woman (      keltickefiwolf   ), and two out of the three main characters are female.  (x-posted to a couple of places) 
1	Yeah! I have been without work for two weeks and was begining to look at 2 more weeks with no gigs when I finaly got a call. I'll get to do some lighting for a week on an awesome project in Norfolk with my lighting professor from USC.  Yeah experience!  Yeah old friends!  Yeah money!
0	ok now mind you I'm not looking for sympathy honest, I'm just trying to vent so I don't end up crying  again. I seem to be doing a lot of that lately, even more than usual which is a lot for me. Anyway as the title of this lame entry, when it rains it really gd pours! Just when I think life can't get any worse, when my aunt can't put me down anymore, when my own mother doesn't want to see me on her special day, when the whole world couldn't possibly make me feel like more of a piece of shit; my own boyfriend turns on me. No he hasn't broken up with me yet but boy oh boy is he contemplating it. I understand though my family hates him and he's taking on so much of my stress. If it was me though, I would have to say that I would love him enough to hang in there. I don't want to lose the only person who almost loves me now. Well gotta go get fat and eat bye
0	I need to talk to who ever will listen.PLEASE.I need addvice.
0	I can't take this. It's eating me away. I can't stand being so far away from him for so long. Now I konw how he felt. I'm so much in love it makes me want to cry. Yet I don't know why I love him so much. Maybe i'll hide in my closet until he comes. It's cutting deeper everyday. I don't know how long i'll last. He makes me feel like theres hope in the world, that I can make it. I can still remember the day he left me. Everything fell to shit. But I couldnt stay mad at him. i'll never be mad at him. I'll always forgive him a million times over. Now comes stress.   This is what love does to you.
1	    &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    hippies are love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator      
0	today i went to the mall with elizabeth, i bought a shirt that says "i love carbs" hahahaha i wanted to buy ripped jeans but didnt find any, too bad ill live.  i got back and was really tired so i took a nap now im not tired so ill just stay up half the night playing video games.  i think tomm ill clean up my room give chili a bath and do pilates... yea thats enough to keep me busy
1	 http://hitchhikers.movies.go.com/traile rs/exclusive.html   and   http://progressive.stream.aol.com/aol/u s/moviefone/movies/2005/sincity_019736/s incity_trlr_02_dl.mov   I sense many trips to the theater this spring...
1	    Hello you two! I'm wondering if I might borrow my brother for the evening.  (I promise you I'll return him promptly, and in one piece.)   Rhett and I decided we couldn't stand it any longer and have opted to elope.    We need a witness, or I wouldn't have bothered at all. Apparate here as soon as you can, please.  ~Talia
0	I don't really feel like updating, but I have nothing better to do on this wonderful Saturday night.  So yeah my life kinda sucks right now and I have a feeling that on Monday after my grandfather goes to the doctor it is going to suck a lot more.  Because the doctors told him last time the think he has leukemia and he is going to find out on Monday, but I have been doing so research and he is showing lots of signs that he not only has it but has the worst kind.  And I'm not sure what I made in any of my classes because right now I'm not sure I could handle that.  See nobody that I am closely related to has ever died before or has even been really sick.  The closest person to me that has died since I've been alive has been my great-great aunt. But anyway if you could just keep my grandfather and me in your prayers because I have a feeling this holiday isn't going to be so good.
0	No Haunted Mansion Holiday Event This Year From www.DisneyGallery.com:  "As our focus turns toward the Happiest Celebration on Earth and we busily prepare for this golden celebration, it has been decided that the Disneyland® Resort and will not host this year's Haunted Mansion Holiday event. We wish to thank you for your continued support and we look forward to hosting you at future merchandise events."   http://www.laughingplace.com/Latest.a sp 
0	Well I didn't get the job.  Somehow I knew last night.  I had this feeling.   I got a really nice message from the manager who interviewed me.  I'm just in this catch 22 that everyone wants experience but I can't get it in my current position.  Well I'll keep looking.  I'm hoping things will change on my new team.  Knock on wood.  So to make the day worse.  While I was at lunch somebody ran into my car.   I came out and found a big dent in the passenger side.  I need to call the insurance company when I get a sec.  I had to sit in the parking lot for a little PSP therapy.  What I need is some   to make me happy.  Chocolate solves everything.
1	hmmmm Nothing all that new.    Me and Erin talked today in PE. That's good...    Ummm tomorrow is "Fun Day" with Tara, and it shall be fun. We want to go see Sin City..I'm going to attempt getting tickets, because everyone thinks I'm older than I am. Most people think I'm a junior or sophmore...but I'm not. And when I tell them that they are like whoa! But whatever. If it doesn't work then that's what theatre hoppin' is for. =) Yay.    What else???Umm I've cheered up A LOT in the last two days, which is extremly good. I do love my friends..I just wasn't remembering that.   OH YEAH! I went to the drum thingy yesterday, it was pretty fun...there were only like 6 people there. =( Including myself, Tara, and Jason. Well afterward we went back to Taras and hung out. Talked a lot. Jason didn't get a lot of it..hahah but thats okay. Then Adrian decided to get dressed and come over, so we all hung out. It was good times.   Hopefully more good times this weekend.
1	So I've been thinking (yeah, yeah, I know with me that's dangerous), and I've realized that even despite that wonderfully destructive thing I do where I break down and rely on someone else to pick up the pieces, I'm really happier than I've ever been before. Everything has changed so much in the last few months, and I don't spend nearly as much time doing the things I used to, but that's ok because I now have this wonderful thing called a social life. It's amazing. I have the greatest friends ever (Dan has been feeling left out of my live journal, so lets add him here). I don't know how they put up with all my neurosis, but they do and I love them for it. Now don't think this means and end to all of my bitching (hey, I'm good at it. Not to mention I make an excellent drama princess), but despite what I might say at times, things really are great, and right now, there's no where I'd rather be.
0	So....Ellen is leaving tomorrow.  Sad now. *tears*  "From behind?" *car explodes* Mr. Twindledeewinks rocks your world. "Jaysus!" Brian Slade's lip thingy, eh? ^_~ *sings* MYY GIIIFT IS MYY SOOOONNG-OOO! "He who hesitates doesn't get laid"   *wails*
1	      lotesseflower    posted this  link  reclaiming of several ancient Greek plays, including previously lost works by Euripides and Sophacles.  I'm feeling the chill of time being ripped apart here--it's way very cool.
1	Today, I once again go on the next step of life, this time it is the 23rd step. I certainly hope to take many more in future. ^^  But would you believe it, last night there was YET ANOTHER car accident on the turn we live. A woman driving a Corolla caught the curb, smashed down a street sign, clipped a tree and stop at the edge of the piece of land seperating the double lane road. Luckily she was fine, but that car's one side was torn up bad.  This makes it number 17 since I was born here. Guess it's like my birthday: a yearly tradition.
1	Nobody does these things anymore... im done with it... everybody go to MYSPAce thats where all the cool people are.
0	i have been sad lately. when i woke ladt saturday morning, instead of being happy and rejoiceful coz wala na nga akong pasok,parang normal lang.akala ko nga may pasok pa eh. most of the time, whenever i hear the songs that i really don wanna hear,i just cry.i looked stupid nga kasi one time i was in a bar,naiyak na lang ako bigla. pag nasa kotse din ako then the radio's on,pucha iyak nalang ulit. it was damn crazy especially when it haunts you in yor dreams.parang gusto mo nalang umalis pero hindi mo kaya.parang ang hirap humingi most of the time. parang hindi ako marunong maawa sa sarili ko. hindi ko na alam.gulong gulo na ko.sana isang araw matuto na lang akong tumanggap. marunong akong maawa sakin. Jess, help. no one can help me... no one else... please..
1	   It all started with a  duel with Bbknights. The first 4-5 duels i won. Then when more people showed up he started to win the rest. Im not sure why my comp only took this screenshot. We were both lagging so it was hard to say if these duels were fair    This is when many many people showed up. Again the SS i took at the end of the duel didnt show up. But Im sure everyone knows the outcome of this duel..    I won but i had like 2hp remaining    I won but low hp remaning aswell    Drake getting rapped  I would have posted the very fun Kent Siege but all the SS are no where to be found -_- 
0	okee posting again... everyone who likes hide should do this.... go to www.livejournal.com/community/hideism  or go to  http://www.endless-song.net/hide/  there i'm not gonna tell that whole story... to bored sorry
0	anyone want to give me a ride to the cat walk tonight :?
0	So anyhoo, somebody broke their leg yesterday while riding their bike too fast down a hill....Ouchies. Ummmmm yeah, I'm debating whether or not to call Whelan cause he'll probably kill me. hahahah....yeah I'm screwed. Pisses me off too... I've never broken anything and it has to happen now, less than 2 weeks before we open!!! what the fuck cmon ...I mean seriously. Anyhoo, I'm off to...well do nothing. Painkillers again wahoo! Not really. Anyhoo, I'm off to...well do nothing.        What day is it?
0	Sandy, my lover, my sweetheart.....Oh Sandy, how much I love you, remember that I will always be here for you, ONLY YOU! Remember that I'll be back just for YOU!...I wont leave you alone, I'll be back for our future!                           ♥ ~*7.30.03*~ ♥
1	 hey!     I bought a few minutes on the computer.    And! I earned my way to go to    The Ska is Dead    show tommorw!    meaning  STREETLIGHT MANIFESTO!       ive been wating to see these guys since Natalie burning me there CD right before I moved.     The other bands are ok Bad larry are opening and arnt bad.     for once there will be a show were I&nbsp; noone is looking to beat somone up.    Who fights to ska anyway?    And who the fuck likes ska and is a tough guy anyway?     For once in a while its going to be a  GOOD SHOW.     and I probably wont see any of you there.    im still probably off the computer for a while.    Peace.    Fuck tough guys.    &nbsp;smile for once assholes.      &nbsp; 
0	"I can't hide the way I feel About you... Anymore  I can't hold the hurt inside Keep the pain out of my eyes Anymore  My tears no longer waiting My resistance ain't that strong My mind keeps recreating A life with you alone And I'm tired of pretending That I don't love you anymore  Let me make one last appeal To show you how I feel About you... 'Cause there's no one else I swear Holds a candle anywhere next to you  My heart can't take the beating Not having you to hold A small voice keeps repeating Deep inside my soul It says "I can't keep pretending... I don't love you anymore."  -and we also got-  "Someday I'll get over you And I'll live to see it all through Still I'll always miss Dreaming my dreams with you"  I don't think I regret any decision I've ever made, but maybe I just haven't lived long enough to regret them yet.
1	 "Wright then announced three new original movies being ushered into development for TNT, beginning with a sequel to last year’s #1 movie, THE LIBRARIAN, starring Noah Wyle (ER, Pirates of Silicon Valley) and executive-produced by Dean Devlin (Independence Day) under his Electric Entertainment banner. In last year’s successful movie, Wyle played Flynn Carson, a brilliant man with 22 academic degrees who is hired to protect the repository of humanity’s greatest secrets, all hidden beneath the monolithic Metropolitan Library."  -  http://www.thefutoncritic.com/cgi/gofut on.cgi?action=pr&id=20050412tnt02   Sweet! That movie was total cheese and I *loved* it! ^_^  (Yes, sometime this week I will put up pictures from I-CON. Promise. ;))
1	Hewoo everyone I'm new here! Just came to say that I have a Seto x Jou story for everyone! And I just updated up, go me! *chuckles*  Saving Myself from the Darkness  Genre: Drama/Angst  Rating: PG - 13  Warnings: Abuse, Violence, and Language  Summery: Abuse and pain was always in the life of two particular teens, but one escaped, but is still being haunted by the memories and one is still living it. Now this teen is almost enveloped by the darkness that has haunted him everyday of his life, who would save him? No it’s not Yuugi nor one of his friends, but a certain brunet with Cerulean eyes. What happens if that teen should be fully enveloped by the darkness? Would he kill himself to take away this pain or experience love in the process of it and be forever with his love?*takes place after Battle City* S/J and Y/Y.   Link:  http://www.fanfiction.net/s/1883290/1/  
1	    Posting this one because it made me think a little...never really thought about my breakup 'style' or if I even have one. But I'll have to remember to mention the book I bought yesterday.     You Are A Break Up Dabbler!  You're not completely innocent when it comes to relationships  You've broken quite a few hearts in your day - and are sure to break more  The upside is that you think twice before leaving a relationship  And generally speaking, your break ups require very little clean up       Are You A Break Up Artist? Take This Quiz :-)        Find the Love of Your Life  (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance.  
1	So I'm going to WV with 3-4 of my coworkers to get out the vote Sunday through Tuesday Expect some serious drunk dialing on Tuesday night
0	Another blow was delivered to the diplomatic process today, when the Indian foreign minister refused to sign a non-aggression pact with Pakistan unless the U.S. State Department could...er..how did he put it...'hook him up with that Dolly Parton chick with the impressive rack.'  This may take a few phone calls...  
0	for the next person who asks me about myself. go see three natalie portman movies:  Beautiful girls  garden state  closer
0	today was boring, had school.. enough said lol. umm went to hairdressers after school. mum left me ther on my own and i didnt kno wht to say so i just kinda sat, i was just staring in the mirror made me felt so sick could have smashd it. my hair, meh, not much different, im just never gonna look how i want, ahwell. came home and just been on the comp really. orderd jack off jill cd which is extremely cool! oo viik- tanx for tht groovy fish link thing, tis well fun! xx
1	           How big is your penis?          Name / Username          You penis is this many inches:      4               This   QuickKwiz   by   Shoesrbad   - Taken 32932 Times.          Get  Free Daily Horoscopes  from Kwiz.Biz     
0	i miss my friends.. my close friends that are all mad at me because they think i dont want to come see them.. but i went and seen them in july.. and none of them came to see me. but i do miss them and love them... even if they are mad at me.
0	I am only 10 points (out of 120) short of being acceptable to apply to migrate to Australia.  10 points.  And it is looking like the only way I can get that is by working at least three years in an engineering capacity.  Anyone have some inside info that I might be able to use?  As far as I can tell it's like this: Occupation: -Management consultant: 50 points -Industrial Engineer: 60 points  Language: -Proficient English: 20 points  Age: -18 to 29: 30 points  Total: -100 or 110 points depending on occupation.
1	We're griiiiiiiiiiiilling, yes we're griiiiiiiiiiiiiilling!    Mmmmmm, yummy pork chops on a Weber kettle grill, here I come!
0	Well today's my Birthday and I'm 19 ^_^ I didn't really do much today just lounged around and ate a lot of Chocolate Satin Pie. I got some movie passes and this double bladed knife thingy, something's suppossedly coming in the mail for me along with B-Day money from my Grandparents.   Yesterday I went to a Winter Hawks hockey game which under normal cirrcumstances wouldn't be all that great because they suck big time but we had Sky Box tickets, Which for someone with money they're not that great, but for someone as dirt poor as myself they were the best!!! And not only that but shockingly enough the Winter Hawks won three to zip O_o  None Of My Friends Remembered My Birthday!!! T_T
1	This weekend was alright, didnt really have a chance to go out but it's ok. Yesterday was our first volleyball tournament at Wantagh...we started off really well but at play-offs it kinda went downhill, but it's ok, we still came in fourth...it was fun. But I came home and I was exhausted. So today to the beach!!! I was so happy to be thereeee. I went with kt and fez. The water was realyl nice, a little cold, but really nice, oh btw I enjoyed being attacked by you two and thrown into on-coming waves lol. We were there a while today from like 10:45 - 4:30 and I loved it. I miss going there liek everyday like we did over the summer :( Anywayyy 2mrw starts our 1st full week of schooooooooool, blah. That's all. xoxoxo.
1	I've just had a coffee mmmmmmmmnn - I like coffee, nice coffee, GOOD coffee.................and one of the best things now is that I CAN, without someone moaning at me for hours about the smell and the mess (what mess?). I've recently acquired a coffee grinder (thankyou x) and a small coffee making machine (not a brilliant one but we've all got to start somewhere) which I got for free from some company who'd made a big mistake with their "buy anything and we'll give you this" offers *g* It's 2 o'clock now - maybe I could have another one?
1	      &hearts; Amanda and  &hearts; Bam        Likely to adopt one identical child.  Like to share their hearts when the time is right.  Are the cutest couple that there ever will be.                  Orchestrated by   ianiceboy       
1	today was a good dayy school wasnt to bad... after school i had singing then right after that softball came home and cleaned a little then mike picked me up :) we hung out and whateverr we got some ice cream at DQ  haha i've wanted some for so long. went to plum island for a little yayy :)
0	I need a very hard smack.  I have spent the last 2 whole hours of my day here browsing lj! When I have a perfectly interesting task to be completing.  I even went to the extent of justifying my action by spending a few minutes joining a reptile community and asking for their help with research that I am doing to create animal profiles for the kids section of the West Australian. Now, how cool is that job?... but I am STILL wasting time!  It is my innate craving to be under the hammer... no one has put any pressure on my to finish the task in x amount of time. It is a stress inducing fault of mine.   *sigh* ... does any one know any thing about Perenties?
1	 a few of you may know already may know, but i just wanted to put it out there          &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 6 MONTHS      - I LOVE MY SpecialT -  
1	Long time no write, been hiding in a basement and working in Burnside. Spending free hours playing games and coding doesn't make for a charged social calendar either.  Sean is taking off for Paris again for 2.5 weeks, after having been there just a couple months ago for a quick stop on his way back from India. Why can't I get a job like that?  Read an interesting story in K5 about measuring personality:  Describing and predicting behavior: The Big Five . Methinks the whole proposition is flawed: how many of us lead double, triple (or more!) lives? What some people say or think about us may be different from one social group to the other. That's one of the reasons some of us have more than one blog: we'd rather not our work colleagues /professors see what we say about them or have our parents read details of our drunken debauchery.
0	Well, so much for getting a dirty head.  Even as I typed that last message, I knew something would end up happening.  And darned if it didn't!!  Long story, but we didn't go.  My daughter was being especially bad at school, and the wife had to stay later than originally asked because a different teacher didn't show up.    Oh well.
1	Well, it's official.  I finally got the e-mail from my flaky study abroad counselor saying that I'm in.  I'M GOING TO ENGLAND NEXT YEAR!!!!!!  Still not sure which university will accept me, but I'm still very, very happy.  Not going to let the fear creep in yet.....  See!: I am pleased to inform you that you have been nominated to study on EAP in the United Kingdom or Ireland, which will hopefully be one of the most memorable experiences of your UCLA career. Your application has been forwarded to the University-wide Office of the Education Abroad Program (UOEAP) in Santa Barbara. The host university abroad will make the decision on your final acceptance into the program.    Woohoo!
1	Well, I called out of work today. then I picked up cait and then celeste at the library. We then drove to the mall which was a fun time. we walked around the stores. stopped at celeste's former employer and we sat around and chatted. We went to some feung shui or some crazy place like that. Then I purchased my favorite chapstick in the whole world and then gave it to cait. so alittle after that we left to bring celeste home. so me and cait after dropping off celeste drove around for an hour or so had some fun conversations lol. it was a very good time. Even when I looked sad I was really happy. From knocking celeste over to driving around with cait (highlight of the day). mmhmm definitely one of the best damn thursdays i've had. and I was feeling better from being sick to feeling great. yup great day.
1	Yay! Its Lent! I don't know yet if I will last but I am still alive right now. What I gave up: AIM, soda, fast food/pizza, and I am going to study every night.  To all those skeptics out there I will last...I might forget to study, I mean there are lines to be drawn.    I think I did really kinda good on my History exam. I never know what is going to be on the tests or how they will be set up.  I get paranoid and study what I think will help and then when I get to class and the teacher is there, I stop..I mean there is nothing else I can do.  Well neadless to say I knew what most of the information on the test so I think I did okay!   Oh and if anyone just has to talk to me, or just to say hey..I have e-mail (nikatine@hotmail.com).  Drop a line! I didn't give up the whole internet thing! Please!  I love y'all.    Happy Ash!
1	33 photos from The Tea Party, at the Enmore Theatre in Sydney, 29th November 2004.                                                                                                          All images copyright Kate Walton 2004. Please do not use or reproduce without prior permission. 
1	Sup furs? I be Gamma the shitty artist wolf/dog. There be talk of a get                 together     this Friday and all that is needed is a time and place. I would say  Duck Samford Park  at 5:00PM
0	Ah,  Land and Freedom . Guaranteed to make grown socialists cry. *sobs*
1	I'm glad Kita is my best friend as well as my girlfriend and she's smart and funny and fun and   GOOD AT QUIDDITCH  , and just really really top drawer (which is something my uncle Barry says whenever he likes something, so it  must  be good.  Yay for Ishykeeda!
0	In my home...  A bunch of people are over...  Yet... I feel so alone...    ...
0	 http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/st ory/0,3604,1431824,00.html   RIP the voice of the Friday Night Rock Show.  Thanks for all the years Tommy.
0	Well, the election is over which is a pretty big relief.  I'm not terribly happy with the outcome, but I suppose I can live with it.  I just hope that Bush will have to answer for all the mistakes that he's made in the past 4 years.  It looks like my sister won't be moving back from England any time soon.  Her husband said there's no way he's going to live here as long as Bush is in office.  I wonder if they would mind a houseguest for a few years.  Of course my parents might beat me to the punch.
0	ok, its 1:30 AM and i cant sleep, life sucks, and i need a hug.  Band is dumb because, well, its not that im ignored-which i wouldnt mind!- but they just look at me-not talk to me, never that! God forbid more than 3 have nice bones in their bodies...maybe 4, no..5 still the section's like 33 people!-like im some freak show, about to do a trick! I wanna just yell "Piss off! Im NOT here for your amusement, im here to play! Now look straight ahead or i'll put my sticks to better use!" (I play the drums.)  Secondly) Im too fat. you can say whatever you want-ppl i kno in RL- but i am what i am. not necessarily 'fat' as everyone describes it, but big enough for mr. and it wont go away! Im trying, and cant get slimmer. i dont like the way i look. which brings me to topic 3: I need a hug...  -Four...
0	Well, latley I've been feeling left out, I dont know why, I guess I do it to myself. I just figure no one wants to talk to me. This is also my problem with talking to new people, I figure they dont want to talk to me, I'm just the weird kid..Rugby's starting soon, that will fiz my life, I hope. I'm a shitty person I've found out. I hope life picks up, people have no idea how I feel. Take it easy. Have fun Dave Reaganator
0	the worst news: i'm prolly gonna be moving in a coupe of months. Denny Green is gonna get fired and if he gets fired, Daddy gets fired and then we have to move. Man oh man this sux. Oh yeah i kinda wanna keep this on the dl.
0	So we're not perfect....  Why can't we be perfect from now on?!   I can't imagine doing this without you... 
1	    Auckland is wonderful.   I love this city and i love its cityzen.   I feel like home and everyone i meet is nice.               hamymonkey   &nbsp; is the best flatmate that we could ever have.          starlajo    and         vthomasv    are great exactly as i expected they were.   now i would like to meet        annettle   ,       seabiscuity         angmonster         Hope to see you soon!!!           
0	     Your Sex Icon by   xo wildxfire ox        Username           Girl/Boy           Your Sex Icon                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	Oooh I just been to see Phantom of the opera at the cinema, twas good and enjoyable and I have no idea why I wanted to see it but glad I did. But I dont want to be singing the songs all week now! no no no.  And oooh why did I not know that Tim Burton has made Charlie and the Chocolate factory and that Johnny Depp is Willy Wonka!!! God damn it! looking forward to that! It sounds like a good combination.  And I also did not know that they're making P.P's dark materials into films! YAY! tho they better not fudge it up as I have read, with the removal of the anti-religious parts or that wont make me a happy bunny.
1	  WOW!!! we have a really loud class. we are still one week away from secret santa, and i no who like half the class has. i cant beieve Christmas is so close. i am so excited for break. i feel so happy. I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!   rocky, nikki, kenza, yael, stacey, chelsea!!!- everyone!!! i am really excited to exchange gifs with my friends.&nbsp;i really need to go shopping. comment! LUV YAZ!!!!  
1	cleaned my room  washed my clothes packed my bags  ready to fucking go
1	I want to go to NY!!! this is going to be so awesome!!     Christo in NY   I don't know if any of you know Christo but his work is definitely worth seeing. Christo raises all of the money for his projects, he encourages and gets many different people to work with him on these projects, he makes pieces of art that effect millions of people and changes the face of where ever they are placed.
1	           yea i you guys heard me!!!!!!! just to tell you i'm no EMO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Guess who called me today?? Did you guess did you guess? Ok I’ll tell you... The Hotel/Spa in AZ, and Guess what!!! They want me to come out and check out the hotel, and do another round of interviews!!!! I fly out next wed, and I’ll be home Thursday or Friday!!! Eeeek I’m so excited I can’t wait!!!
0	I just called to file my unemployment claim, and apparently due to high call volume, they're assigning call back dates.  I can apparently call back between Wednesday and Friday, but no later.  Weird.
1	  yay!!!      i'm heading home. i'm done for the day, well with school. i'm excited we got a computer. yay!!!! Hope we get the internet soon.       P.S. this isn't the backgroud that i wanted. Hecky help when you can!      adios..     &nbsp; 
1	So, I get paid tomorrow.  Early.  Because of the holiday.  Exciting.  I'm going tomorrow to get Chuck Taylors.  Plaid if I can find them.  I'm also going to pay all my bills.  *sigh*  Friday I must go see my lawyer.  *sigh*  Today I paid my ticket.  *sight*  That's all.  P
1	I am 97% sure that I am going to Colorado during break. Something to look foward to.  Today:  Official Nappy D day. Come over and watch it with me.
0	It's pouring again and it somehow reflects my mood today. All that glee and pride over my results have long faded into the many folds of the dark clouds and rain. Again, I'm left sitting in my room alone ... thinking. These days I feel extremely vulnerable and unprotected ... And it's not PMS. I feel I'm near breaking point, as though I'm hanging over the edge of a cliff  with the threat of falling becoming increasingly overwhelming. It's just me being blue and depressed. Sigh. I need some way to get out of this ... and maybe exercising will help. Shall try and see. Retail therapy is the next best thing I would do and I don't want it to be that anymore. Change has arrived at my doorstep and I think I should take the chance. Enough of moody blabbering, this is not my type of mood ... this is not me.
1	Well i'm 23 now aah i'm old lol :p HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSE! love you!  -KATE
1	   HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME AND KYLE!!          Sweet 16!!&nbsp; :-D   
0	rawr. im following everthing exactly... and i now weigh 262. what the heck is wrong with me?
1	  YAY!!!!!!!!!         aelana    is the best friend a fangirl could have!!!  He agreed to post my videos from "A Night with the Boondock Saints" at Wellesley College to his website so that anyone who wants to see them can.  Here is the Link:   http://homepage.mac.com/aelana/anatketa ni  There are seven videos in all.  Enjoy! *squees*  And to make this post Legal on this community, here are some OMG so cute pics of Norman.   (dial up users, these are a little large, so just a friendly warning)     This was taken Sunday night at Wellesley:    I know we've all seen it before but it's OMG so good.  *fans self*    And last but not least, a pic that makes me drool (sorry it's a tiny bit fuzzy)   
1	Yay! I'm home from Santa Cruz!    And my birthday is on Thursday! YAYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!
1	 Gross  One time when I was younger (middle school (jr. high)) I had pink eye.  And when I woke up, my eye was all covered in crusty eye stuff.  Soooo much crusty eye stuff that I couldn't even open my eye.  My eye lashes were stuck together.  I had to go to the sink and wash my eye off so I could open it.  It really freaked the bejesus out of me.  It's similar to the first time your glasses get COMPLETELY fogged up and you can't seen anything at all.     Funny  One time when I was in Spain (Barcelona, I think), we were on a small side street, waiting outside this shop for some people to finish looking at stuff.  One of the girls that was inside looking at stuff starts to walk out and BAM!  Walks nose-first into the glass door.  Classic.  
0	 http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/6683479/      it's a sad sad day for metal.
0	I am back from Nat Quals.  I know, I'm going to be here on a weekend evening, craziness!  Quals was okay I guess but pretty boring.  I did get some reading done though which I guess is good.  Oh, I also got called "Dora" for the first time in about two years, thanks to Mark McNeil.  I'm waiting for something interesting to happen.
0	i want to be educated, financially stable, and not all alone.  and i don't know how to accomplish any of this.
0	Will I ever be able to trust someone in a relationship again? Will I even want to? Will I even be able to trust people as friends? It has come to the point that with school and going out a little more I have met new people. I feel so strange around them though. I'm sure they are great and they seem really intelligent and interesting, yet I still hesitate. I've been put in the situation to realize I have no faith in anyone any more. I have no trust or to put out there and I have walls I refuse to break down(even if I want to somehow) to let new people, even acquaintances, into my soul.
1	Okay I feel better now. My buddies at the Taliban gave me a new donkey, for no reason at all! Just good friends! Wheeeeeee!
1	Just hoppin on to wish everybody happy holidays! Love ya all! Love ya always Jenny
1	I am in a super good mood (obese grin spanning entire face). Silly, silly Morgan.
0	Can't believe it's been a whole year. Where did the time go?
0	     What does your t-shirt say? by   rejektedrockstar        Name           Age           Fav. Color           Gender      Female Male I dunno...       Ta-Da                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !       i could use it, to make me feel loved
1	 "...you should give me a call back unless your watching headbangers ball and your chillin' on the coach drinkin a live wire. You'll be like no way dude dude, I got me a live Wire."     LOL.     The next part when I called back made me wanna do this: sd;fofhu;duofwooooooooooohoooooa;uodgbas k;bjd;uo hehe 
1	Welp... Looks like I won't be able to poke fun at a couple of my friends much longer. They are pulling me into a World of Warcraft. Should be fun. }=)  I'll probably get it in a day or two. Just need to take care of something which means I can aford to get the game. Go me!
1	Just previewed Idlewild's new album.  Can't wait until it's cheap enough for me to buy.
1	  All I hear is ringing in my ears...&nbsp; Was the music that loud?&nbsp; Well anyways, me and Mary,       pointe_dreams   ,        went to the Nutty Irishman for Ladies Nigth tonight.&nbsp; There was a $5 cover, but drinks were free.&nbsp; BTW, I found a new favorite drink: Malibu and Pineapple.&nbsp; Yummmm.&nbsp; We both met some boys, and I danced with one, not the cutest one, but I still danced with one.&nbsp; But we won't go into that anymore... ;)&nbsp; Mary got absolutely  trashed , and I just got to laugh at her, since I was the DD.&nbsp; :)&nbsp; I love you Mary, you better not apologize anymore!      All in all, an excellent night.&nbsp; Can't wait to go out next wednesday to drink for free again :)      Good night.  
0	I've started putting in some  memories  of things that happen to me. Its strange sometimes how people react to me. Its also sad, that my kind is so unknown that I have to point out what I am.
1	people may think i'm stupid.. but thats up to them..   i'm happy. and will continue to be happy until im not and then thats that.. if i fear pain then ill never have pleasure!  .. i am pretty much going out with eko again.. and it has been so different.. he is being incredible!  i hope u can think im stupid.. keep it to ureself and pretend to be ok with it  love! xoxo
0	Ahg. My mom is making me work at a bird sanctuary thing this summer, where you volunteer (meaning I won't get paid a cent) to like, help .. birdies. I don't have anything against birds, I mean, I own a budgie as a pet .. but. You know, they kind of scare me. I'm serious. I don't like wings, all flapping around and sharp beaks and those eyes. *shudder* So. On the phone a few minutes ago, I'm like "Mom, don't call them! I don't wanna volunteer! I wouldn't even do it if I got paid $5 an hour!" .. but she wouldn't listen. She's calling this afternoon. Ugh.  And I have to go pick up my report card on Wednesday. I'm so stressed about that, thinking and typing about it is giving me major butterflies right now. Wish me luck! ):
1	Tiptoe through the window By the window, that is where I'll be Come tiptoe through the tulips with me  Oh, tiptoe from the garden By the garden of the willow tree And tiptoe through the tulips with me  Knee deep in flowers we'll stray We'll keep the showers away And if I kiss you in the garden, in the moonlight Will you pardon me? And tiptoe through the tulips with me
0	well, im off to florida. i wish to keep in touch, so call my cell phone if you have the number. i'll be home april 22. hope everyone has a good vacation. i'll miss you all...especially you. dont forget about me &lt;3  im all worried again...argh. maybe there's something wrong with me.  leave me random comments to come home to!! :)
1	I apologize for my lack of attendance lately... I haven't been feeling well. I should be back at school tomorrow, though, so it isn't a problem. I want to be caught up before the  teensy wittle  freshman kendou club tryouts, after all!  If my teachers could give me an update on what I missed, though, that would be wonderful. ^__^  Yamanami-san... errr, I know you probably aren't reading this, since the last thing you're thinking about right now is student journals, right? Uhh, yeah, anyways... try not to stress yourself out, okay? I mean, get a good night's sleep, eat properly, and all that... I mean, just keep in mind that  I'm  we're worried about you... ahhh... best of luck, okay?  Uhm... yeah, I'm done now!  And I promise to  seriously  lay off the medication.   EDIT: Nevermiiiiiind. *Big, silly smile* All better.
0	Also, I feel like an idiot because I did it for John-- to understand why he liked to smoke out, what he saw in it.  And it backfired.
1	goodness, I love this feeling of tipsiness.  I had just under 4 shots of vodka left and kim and I polished it off just a few minutes ago.  nothing gets to me like vodka.  I don't know why, but I always get so happy when I'm drunk.  I also have pretty good typing skills.  woooo!
1	I have been entirely TOO negative lately...  I mean, I know I'm feeling like this, but I need to be positive.   SO here's a positive thought...  Er...  I went crazy last night and trimmed my hair a bit hehe... it was such a great feeling...  and it's not like anyone will even notice... but I DO :D  Hehehe  yeah! Cha!  Oh, and I have a FREE day today... I CAN DO ANYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOH!!!!!!!!
0	Sitting here crying over Adam....Im soo happy with him, but at the same time sad...its my fault im so close to him....CHoW!
1	life as i no it could not get any better. i have a wounderfull life! i love you for ever brandon! always reamember that! u r my bitch! well i also cant wait 2... FUCK U!!!!!!!!!lol hahahahahahahaha
0	Grrrrr I don’t know what to do! Im so confused. Everyone hates me and I just want to crawl in a corner and die with spiders cuz I hate spiders. Im  gonna become a hermit and stay in my room so I cant get hurt or hurt anyone else. Ive never cried over a guy so much its weird how u can find got how much u like a guy when u do something wrong I need another chance. I learned everyone has got to learn from there mistakes and I did big time so im sry to all the ppl I hurt and and I would never do It again cuz I hate this feeling
0	  Why does life have to be so gay right now? i mean i hate it!!! i can't have a good time newhere i go... and i feel like im lying to everyone cuz i just go around smilin everywhere but i feel like crying...       i mean no matter how many times i change, its like i always go back to my old ways...   
0	 I text him 'Thank you for being such an amazing friend and lying to me and turning out just like all the rest. can you come get your guitar please' 
1	OoSmOkiEoO:  I FUCKING LOVE YOU LAUREN ELISE SCADUTO OoSmOkiEoO:  :-*:-*:-* OoSmOkiEoO:  :-D lauren3384:  I FUCKING LOVE YOU TOO AMY LOUISE IM SO FUCKING HOT THAT LAUREN WANTS TO GIVE ME FACE POLICASTRO OoSmOkiEoO:  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahaha. THAT WAS FUCKIN CLASSIC   heh.  so i fucking love my new job. its in fucking credible. i like my boss, i like the atmosphere, i like the people. good shit. i cant wait to start making that serious dough.   getting drunk tonight. i havent gotten drunk in god knows how fucking long. so it'll be fun. might score a foot massage too. that would be ORGASMIC. my celli dont work at this guys house, so if anyone needs me, call Mikey's. haha let it ring once, hang up, then call back. thats the code yo!  i love you alllllll. i hope erreone has a great night..  just blaze!  
1	Man I can't wait till Alexander Wang Li Hong has his MV out called Cuo Ai(Wrong Love) because it will have Vanness in it! man its gonna be good and I think boxing related! yeah here is a picture of them together!     Just Alexander:  
1	So today was going down hill real fast up until 1 minute ago when   ALLIE GOT INTO HARVARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   WOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Now I just hope things work out for Dave tomorrow!!!
1	Hey Guys!  If you don't already know, tonight is  JAMFEST , the biggest a capella concert of the year!!  FEATURING:  36 Madison Avenue On a Different Note All of the Above  and special guests...  University of Maryland Treblemakers  It's at 8 PM in the Baldwin gym... and of course it's free.  It's gonna be saaa-weeet!
1	Hi!  Well let me start off by saying....today was fucking great!!  I got my haircut.  its all sexy now lol.  I realized I haven't written in this in about a week so I figured I would update it.  I've just been a little stressed, with benchmarks next week and all.  I had fun today.  Tasha, Nathan, and I walked in the wash when it was raining.  There was a waterfall kind of thing and it was pretty cool looking.  Tasha's shoes, as well as mine, got soaked.  Nathan's got covered in mud.  Then we went back top their house and Nathan and I had fun.  After we were done, we went into the living room.  He got his shoes and then put them in the dryer.  When he took them out he sniffed them and said "Oh my god! Now these shoes smell!" and he sprayed axe in them.  Then he sprayed axe on zach.  Then he sprayed axe on my ass.  It was cold.  He sprayed everyone with axe.  Well today was great. I'm gonna go now.  I loev you so much, Nathan.  I love you all!  Love Always, Cathy
1	  I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home.    And now to pack...    Cheers. 
0	Well on Friday night a close family member/friend died. It was very depressing. It seems like so many horrible things have been happening lately.   Tomorrow I am only going to school for a half a day because I am going to a funeral. After the funeral we are going back to one of my moms friends house.  It looks like tomorrow is going to be a bad day.... I'm not looking forward to it AT ALL!
0	Upon entering The Rage on asian night, I've decided that SOMEONE NEEDS TO TEACH ME HOW TO DANCE!!!   PLEEEEEEASE?
0	Hate  I hate the way you look together I hate the way you look at eachother I hate the way you smile at eachother I hate the way he tousles your hair I hate the way his hand slips into yours I hate the way he hugs you I hate the way you cuddle I hate the way you kiss him But the thing I hate most is.... Me
1	 here's a sample of some of the fabrics i recently got for new bags!!!                         &nbsp;    there's more... these are just the only ones uploaded right now! i wish i had 5 arms so i could sew them all at once!!!     &nbsp;    &nbsp;    &nbsp;    &nbsp;    &nbsp; 
1	I have a new little nephew!! His name is Davis John Kling. 7lbs. 2 ounces!! he has hand feet...like me! hehe...ill put pictures on here later....when I figure out how to do so...  much love, rebecca
0	It appears that Friday is national depression day.  Although I am feeling much better now.  It probably helps that I've spent most of the day alone, I actually had real work to do today, so I took my iPod back to the fiber lab and worked like a well motivated trained monkey.  I am Jack's trained monkey .  I blame Fight Club for my depression.  Decent movie.  [edit]Stupid habit of using bbedit code[/edit]
1	Today is going to be a busy day. So much partying to do, and so few hours in the work day in which to party. Last night I set up a birthday scavenger hunt in my friend Linda's cubicle. She has to find all of the happy birthday signs that I hid. I can't wait until she gets in and starts. I'm excited.
0	Absotutely nuthin' new.&nbsp;   Just figured I'd let everyone know.&nbsp;
1	I met a boy today, and I want to kiss him. He's not really attractive, or "my type", or particularly cool or funny, but I want to kiss him. I want to SHOCK him. I really miss the feeling of lips, of tongue. So, I can't say if this boy is up for it, or if he even cares one way or the other. I plan on making it painfully obvious that I'm interested, and then hoping (for once!!!!) that he might actully make the first move. My anticipation surrounding this boy is insane, but I can't help it. He has... well, he has something, and his fragility and dorkiness enthrall me. I can't wait to see where it goes, if it goes... I can't wait to wake up tomorrow and live it!!
1	  This has got to be the coolest thing I've ever seen here!  You just don't see weather like this in the valley... and you definitely don't get to see your street and lawns covered in white ever.  OK, so it's huge f-ing balls of hail and not snow, but I'll take what I can get.      it almost looks like snow...    i love how the street is covered in white and our hair is blowing all over    I've never seen hail this big before    our porch    the sky looked so awesome with the big black storm cloud over the blue sky   The news is talking about this weather non-stop.  There are tornado warnings!  I want to go be like Helen Hunt in Twister and be a storm chaser...
0	Go out, and buy Beyond Good & Evil.  This is such an incredible game, it disgusts me to no end that BG&E sold so poorly, but that horseshit of a game titled "Enter the Matrix" is a multi-million seller.  Stop sitting on your ass complaining that games these days can't keep you interested, go out there, and buy Beyond Good & Evil.  A small rant, but this game deserves so much more attention than it got.  Quote of the Day:  "That's the saltiest thing I've ever tasted. And I once a big heaping bowl of salt!"  -Fry
1	       You scored as  Actor/Actress . All the world is a stage for you. You were born to act. All your life you have dreams of Broadway and Hollywood. Good luck, the acting world is very competitive.       Actor/Actress             94%       Singer             81%       Dancer             75%       Musician             38%       Artist             19%       Writer             19%        What kind of artist are you?   created with  QuizFarm.com     FLORDA ROCKS!!! 1ST PLACE!!! More to come later...
0	You know I am a very emotionally driven person.  I wear it on my sleeve and always laugh and cry with others.  Well, I am in a funk right now.  It is a combination of personal disappointments along with my parents' health.  It just sucks getting old.  Too much responsibility and let downs to deal with.  Enjoy your youth.    Nature's first green is gold, Her hardest hue to hold. Her early leafs a flower; But only so an hour. Then leaf subsides to leaf. So Eden sank to grief, So dawn goes down to day. Nothing gold can stay. Robert Frost
0	ok... first, i love you i want this to end i have cried every night for 2 weeks  because i miss you sooooo much  and with out you this triangle is like an L you are my best friend (wendy too) the only reason wendy and i havent talked to you  because we didnt understand why you were upset with us hmm i dunno... i love you and  you were not forgotten trust me we dont have alot of fun without you
0	 I feel like my world is crashing in on itself and I can't escape...          You scored as  The Notebook . You have strong, passionate love like the notebook!       The Notebook             92%       A Cinderella Story             75%       Charlies Angels             67%       Mean Girls             58%       Legally Blonde             33%        What Chick Flick is just like Your Life?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	Having not found my old camera, decided I had to go out and get a new, and take the opportunity to get something really sweet, like a cute lil' digital one. Even contemplated maybe getting one of those mobile phones with cameras in them. Would be awfully stealthy.  hmm... this one  is rather cute. It's also in my price range: 99 pounds.  Yes, I definitely think that will be the one I'll buy. Wow, shopping for electronics is more fun then going out for clothes!
1	mother wouldn't let me get on the phone today..take that back. she let me get on for 5 FREAKIN MINUTES! she goes...only 5 take it or leave it. lordy she's crazy!  anyway..today was awesome!! i found out some good news (alex m. you know!!!) and then i just had some fun when school got out! yep that's how it goes with me! i have random fun!! WOOOO HOOOO!   I'M SOOOOOO HAPPPPPPPPPYYYYY!
1	It's official, I'm going to be going to college next year, in Boston.
1	Well Christmas is finally over! I'm so glad. I got a lot of great presents and I love all of them. I got two things that I liked the best. It was the bracelet and ring that Michael got me, but you have to remember that I am a female and we love jewelery! I hope that everyone had a great Christmas and that Santa was good to you. =)
0	Here I was happily surpriused while I was eating, and thought that I'd see Gerry on TV tonight...but it's  Tomb Raider  that airs on TV4, not  Cradle of Life . *curses the one who came up with the confusing titles for these movies*  I was happy for about one hour...now what am I gonna do to make myself happy again?  Oh, btw, I'm looking for the song "Night Sky Dreamtime" with Burning Sky...does anyone have it?
1	On the day that I post that I can't meet anyone worth meeting and I end up meeting someone wonderful. She'll probably read this so I don't want to say too much until I know more, but wow. I don't remember the last time that I talked on the phone for that long. Besides, who else do you know that likes Hackers, Kevin Smith movies, Modest Mouse, Simpsons, and Family Guy? Jen has got an amazing sense of humor, and just made me smile all night. We got off the phone at about 11:30 last night and I proceeded to have the best dreams I've had in recent memory. If you have read my first post then you know I've been feeling a little low lately, but today I've been in a great mood and not even this stupid job can bring me down right now (which is impressive, because this job has been getting steadily worse each day). I can't wait for tonight. The anticipation is nerve racking, but in the best way imaginable. I'm excited.
1	Today, Mama took me to Dr. Prupas who took my blood.  But now, Mama is watching Gundam and she gave me tuna to eat!  Of course, she watches Gundam and that means she will go to the tappy-tappy machine to write her stupid stories.  That will be later though.
0	Most of you probably alreadt know, but for those of you who don't here's the story:   http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/12/09/nightc lub.shooting/index.html   Rest In Peace, Dimebag Darrell
1	I'm in love all over again~! *hugs Axl plush.*  Vile: Hey! that's mine!  MegaManX: Command missions is what I got for christmas and I am very happy with it. I think it's neat! Also.. a MMX mini set of Vile, Zero, Axl and X! have yet to open it. Chloe got Axl though. Can't complain, brother also gave me a Ninja turtles dvd, I can hear the theme again! And.. that was pretty much it other then the "Seinfield" first season box set. eck.. I mean, I like it for the fact it's my dad's favorite But all the boys wanted that and how it was given to me I'll never understand. Think I'll give it to Zak since him and Garnet keep bugging me, wanting to watch it.  Oh! And Gravitation. I knew Zak had it but he decided to give it me cause he felt guilty. Nothing to really feel guilty for. &gt;-o; so yeah.. will get to watching that someday.  I want to play MMX:CM but Zak is playing with his new Xbox and Halo on the tv now. mf..glad he likes it. *hugs plush and purrs.*
1	Today is my  "Six-Squared"  birthday.  Thanks to folks who have wished me a happy one!  It's been fun.  Please note that my e-mail and the URL for my Web site and journal have changed from spies.com to  leftfield.org , and update your bookmarks and links accordingly.  Thanks!
1	So I've made it through 2 days of school, and I think I will do really well in my classes this semester. I am taking French 1 (which hopefully will turn into spanish 1 so i can slack off with Hussey), Research Methods in Psychology, Developmental Psychology and Sexual Behavior. Not exactly as tough as when I was a bio major. hah.  New apartments, new roomates; we all seem to be getting along really well which I hope lasts all year. This weekend we are going to paint our apartment multi-colors. I also love living upstairs from Jeff. I just have to walk down to see him...how convenient. Now I just need a job and things will entirely be off to a great start.   Sorry this was so boring.
0	So, 1 1/2 hours into work... they come back and tell me that Tyler isn't coming in because his day off was supposed to be yesterday and he had to come in for an emergency, so I can go home. Woo. There goes another 70 bucks... I've either gotta get another job or full-time work at the one I got. So, back into the depression I descend.
0	Vale Ben.  I only met you a few times, but you indelibly touched so many people I know.     Enjoy the flight, Mr Bear.
1	 go to  http://www.purevolume.com/mae  and listen to the new songs. i swear you won't be disappointed. if you are, you're stupid and don't deserve to live. seriously, you don't.  suspension  is my favorite song.  someone else's arms  is my 4th favorite song.  the ocean  is my 5th favorite song.  anything  is my 6th favorite song. just wait till you kids hear  painless  and  breakdown . you'll die. march 29th. buy the CD or i will have you assassinated. i know people. nadine and i are gangstas. 
1	 H a p p y  N  e  w  Y e a r  E v e r y o n e ! ! ! !         *~* Love Always *~*     *~* Mindy *~*           
1	I'm finally back.  I've talked to Kristin.  I feel happy now.  I got my ACT scores.  I got a 29.  I'm happy.    -Ending random thoughts-
1	   13       Days     I've lived my life in a chaotic world I see the darkness as my days unfold. The trembling of my heart I feel, As sadness embraces me from head to heel.  And now that I've found you Everything so right and true. You are the sparkle in my eyes You've filled lovin' with all my cries.  You've mastered my fears  And eradicated my tears. My sun burns even brighter, My life seems so much happier.  Because of you I've learned that life is no misery Now I know love is kept for eternity. I've searched even the deepest sea, But there's nothing like the love you've given me - C.K 
1	So here's a shout out to all the other Vets. Love you guys n gals who stood up for your rights and everyone elses too.      My Inner Hero - Rogue!     Character Stats:   Rogue (27) Warrior (0) Wizard (19) Paladin (2)  Rogue/Wizard (Please ignore the Paladin overtones)        It's a good thing I use my powers for good and not evil, because quite frankly, I could get away with murder.  I'm clever, tricky, and charming.  I know how to make you laugh with one hand and pick your pocket with the other.  Not that I'd ever DO that, of course...    How about you?   Click here to find your own inner hero .    Bishounen.      What sort of hentai character would you be?     brought to you by  Quizilla      You're Yuki - the mouse.      Which Fruits Basket Character Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla     I'm back from Nekocon =^.^= I'll have pics posted soon I hope (at least one of me if nothing else) I had a great time and even picked up a Master Grade G Gundam! woot!
0	I'm down to the last couple of days left of my vacation. Which is making me kinda sad. I dropped Tom off t the airport and even though he annoyed me, I'm sad to see him go. I like having someone with me.   Highlights of my vacation: Going to the country with dez.                            Getting my Tattoo's (as a b-day gift!)                            My b-day parties                            Lots of shopping, hehe
1	in the 1 week or so amount of time i've been on the goth personals 3 hot girls have told me i'm cute. best part is 1 lives NEAR me, so hell if nothing else i'll end up with another friend ^_^.
0	So yeah, for the next two weeks I have not been invited to a single outing with my "friends".  No one invited me or asked me if I was going to Islands of Adventure next Friday, free bowling last night, or even if I was going to campus.  And these are things that everyone else was going to.  No one fucking cares if I go.  Nice fucking friends I have, right?  I sat home alone last night and cried and took some prescription motrin and read a little bit of a book and went to bed.  NO ONE fucking called me to see where I was, why I wasn't there, if I wanted to come.  No, instead I get, "hey want to cover work for me so I can go to Islands of Adventure?" from someone who told me they don't switch schedules with friends at work because it creates problems.  What a crock of shit.    I want to go home.  I miss my real friends, and I miss my cats and dog, and I miss NYC.  Someone call me.  I might be coming home for the last weekend of April.    Murphy- I miss you too.
1	I spent a little while looking at old 'friends' journals and I could only think one thing.   THANK GOD I no longer associate with them. I'm not going to say specifically who they are (Though Jay knows I'm sure) but I will say how fucked up they are. I'm not saying what they believe is fucked up, but how they go about acting on what they believe is fucked up. Granted they do tend to attract, find, and keep those who are just as fucked up as them.   I've never been one to regret things I've done, but that time of my life I really do wish I could go back and erase and do over. But then again, I wouldn't be who I am today if I didn't go through it all I guess.   I guess the point of all this is to say...I'm through it. I survived. I now have everything I've ever wanted and deserve in Jason. I will be his wife someday. I love and appreciate him more with every passing day.  Ok..enough mush, I need coffee and more Katamari.
0	today seemed like a bad day for everyone. i myself did not enjoy today. by the look on her eyes i can assume ms.kraft resents me. i don't know if i should regret how i acted today, but i will apologize. if i wasn't so arrogant and condescending none of this would've happened. she wouldn't be calling non-stop, asking to call back mentioning her number more than once. whatever, i'm over it.  yesterday ashlee and i went to the chain to see silverstein and halifax. silverstein was so f-ing great.               Heavenly Ashlee    Ba ba boca burger   Halifax           Silverstein!!                Yeah so I tried to get the band but there was someone video recording in front of me. 
1	hi uNNi -.-v vse nachinayu s etogo dnya obnovlyat svoy gosu journal -.-\m/.          vot eto krasavitsa &lt;3 :), ne to chto La..., sam znaesh kto =] sorry unni :) inogda pravda bivaet jestoka :( -.-v peace, ya v icq esli chto -.-v
1	 Just read the subject... It's Chris' Birthday!! He's 17 now... oldest now within our group ^^ Heh heh lol Anywayz...     HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHRIS(TOPHER)!  
1	not much to say, but school sucks with the block schedules on wednesdays and thursdays....each class is 2 hrs long....aiya...anyways Happy MOON FESTIVAL!!! get to eat mooncake!!! oh yeah i got a "live strong" bracelet:  
1	      lilypadnel   's x-rated x-mas was so much fun! we exchanged gifts and i got this ridiculous video of carmen elektra teaching how to striptease! i also bought myself naughty shot glasses:) so much fun!!! and nel's coming in two weeks as well!!:) yay! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx
1	My name is Galileo, and I am a magic blue cat!  (Or so my mommy and her boy person tell me!)  My big sisters,       lilbluekittans    got to have a LJ, so I decided that I wanted one, too.  Now Mommy won't let me type anymore (since the first time I did all these neat black clicky things flew out of the keyboard), but she said she'd write down what I say.  So, um,    HI!!!!!!!!!!! 
0	You know those funny little "You know you were born in the 80s when" things that go around?  I was always a little offended by the "You've only known one pope" line.  Hey, it's not my fault he's been the pope for so long! (and just for the record, I wasn't born in the 80s)  Of course, for as long as I can even remember, he's been in bad health.  But even these most recent bouts of health related issues have seemed old hat.  So why then, is it such a shock to hear that he was given his Last Rites?  My eyes are all watery and I'm feeling a little uneasy.  It's just... an odd thought when you've never known anything otherwise.
1	WOO HOO Spring Break Count Down is almost "over" because we have 4 classes left!!  Woo!!  Today: 2nd Period, watching Finding Nemo *how could you go wrong?* 3rd, taking a test, 4th-studying Easter in French...then band, which Mr. Johnston won't be here, so I'm not sure what we'll do.  After school, Travis is coming down!! Woo!!  Tomorrow-State Finals!!!!!!!!!!  We are either leaving @ 10, or 11:30, I'm not sure yet...Then I'm offically on Spring Break!!  Anywho, I'm gonna go ahead and sign out of the computer...Have a good day everyone!
1	This has been a great day! I got up this morning and went to Amer. Ed...then came back and took a nap! It was great! My Sweetheart called me pretty early this morning. Its always nice to talk to him! I just got through with a practice thingy with my accompianist so now I'm all ready for convo. I'm gettin kinda nervous, so yall just pray for me. Skills was cancelled today which is always a good thing. We're being tested in Singers today so I need to go practice kinda soon. After that its off to the tanning bed! I hope everyone is planning on coming to the concert tonight. I hope its gonna be good lol! Well everyone have a great day!
0	Well we had the anime arts bazaar today.  As a studio we sold a poster and a t-shirt, but neither was my sister's or mine.  So it kinda stunk.  The place wasn't bad for the first bazaar, but we got there a little late (f*cking Kinkos) and the whole thing was pretty small and barely any people were there, it felt more like a gathering.  It was nice to meet some people and send out a few business cards with lurkers walking by.  I think my sister was the one who was more disappointed than anyone, but I think she had fun anyways.    We went to eat afterward with some of the other bazaar goers, and then to the Tacoma Mall.  I bought a few things and even bought an adorable Eeyore chibi plush.  Cuuuute.    Well that's really all that went on.  I'm tired and sad.  Goodnight.
0	I wanted to thank people for the wonderful Christmas presents. I have been really fortunate this year to be blessed with good friends to share Christmas with. Thanks, you guys. Also, I thought this was a little ironic. My oldest sister is in town with her husband and three kids. i asked if she got what she wanted for Christmas. she said that so far she had gotten nice things, but not THE ONE THING she really wanted. what's that? a FLYLADY FEATHER DUSTER. ;) she told be about how great Fly Lady is. I thought that was amusing. Well I am tired. SOO TIRED. and hungry. Have a nice evening.
1	I can't believe Xmas is so soon... i promised myself I wouldn't be doing any last minute shopping.... I Lied!!!! What the hell do you get a Grandmother who has everything in the entire world???? hummm  One more exam and I finally get a rest from school...yeah.. Not looking forward to second semester.. I have two 3rd year classes, I'll have so much work to do!! Justin and I went to see "Alexander" last night at the show... excellent movie.... and while we were there...I saw the movie poster for Willy Wonka..WOW WOW WOW..Johnny Depp, life is not fair...!!!! I haven't even seen the movie yet and I'm already planning on buying it! Nothing else exciting to report...OHH I bought my Wedding Dress, I guess that's pretty exciting..:)
0	I hate my life. The only thing that I love about it is my son. I don't really like myself, and I'm starting to hate my own mother. I hate feling this way. Today she woke me up and said that we were going out. I was really excited about it to. She said that she was going to take me to the mall. I wanted to pick up a few things. Anyway her husband called, in case yall don't know they are seprerated. He said that he wanted to go out,. after they spoke she started acting like she didn't want to out at all. Then like an hour later she ended going out with him! I wanted to kill her! I never go out. Five days a week I am stuck in the house, not able to do anything.  It's just not fair. BUt oh well. I need to get a job and move out on my own so she can't keep hurting me. Like I said the only thing that I love about my life is my son.
1	Narminco finally proposed to Meleth!!!!! I can’t believe it!  But since I was there, and heard it with my own ears it must be true.  And they were both so very cute! *grins* They really make the perfect match somehow.    Now I can only pray that Galdor and the Elessar will indeed be able to heal him.  Seeing Narminco healed and happy with Meleth would  make my life even more perfect than it already is, for they both deserve to be happy.  There is only one thing that bothers me. *sigh* Narminco told us “not to tell anyone” about their betrothal until he has spoken to Lord Ecthelion. I wonder if “not anyone” includes Rogion as well but I guess it does *sighs unhappily*  That’s so not fair since he’s done so much for them, and he’d really deserve to know it.  Well, I guess, I’ll tell him anyway as soon as I’ll see him.
0	Eric Buchanan hurt my toe.  And I lost my yellow bookbag.  This has been a sad hour.  On the bright side, I see my mommy tomorrow.
1	#18 Things turn out best for people who make the best of the way things turn out.  -John Wooden   #19 It's good to have an end to journey towards: but in the end, it is the journey itself that makes the difference.   -Ursula K. Le Guin   #20 To laugh often and much, to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children, to earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends, to appreciate beauty, to find the best in others, to leave the world a bit better, whether by a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition; to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded!  -Ralph Waldo Emerson
1	I just ordered the plane tickets for MP from JetBlue airlines. The tickets cost $245.40...cool. :&gt;     Wednesday, March 9th  :  Leave from Boston at 9:10am   Arrive to Orlando (MCO) at 12:30pm     Monday, March 14th  :  Leave from Orlando (MCO) at 1:35pm   Arrive to Boston at 4:25pm   Okay....I'll see you there at MP!!!        dominowuff   : Please pick me up at the Orlando International Airport (JetBlue Airlines). ;&gt; Thanks! :&gt;
0	God... Tonight was hard.  I mean, I'm not a huge fan of wakes and funerals and all as it is, but seeing Burnie... Mr. Rydzeski... just laying there lifelessly... it was so wrong.  Why does life have to be so unfair, taking away a man who has done nothing but give and give and give to everyone he has ever met?  I mean, in the end, he isn't suffering anymore and his last days were spent surrounded by people who love him which is more than so many others get, but still... Wis and Mary and the rest of the family... I feel horrible for them.    R.I.P Burnhart "Burnie" Rydzeski 1937-2005 A good man with a good heart, who will be spreading his love of music in heaven as he did on earth.   You will be deeply missed. We will make you proud.
1	I just found out that one of my favorite authors, Dan Brown will be publishing another book in 2006 that continues with the Robert Langdon saga.  It's called The Solomon Key.....I can hardly wait...I'm antsy with anticipation...
1	 0 days  until the end of the semester.  what have i done and what do i have left?   musicianship exam   theology short paper   theology essay   sing for music department   spanish exam   philosophy exam   biology exam   do you know what that means?  I'M FUCKING DONE.  what now?  bitch.
0	wow..i hate having this feeling. he tells over and over to let go of him and stop holding on. how can i? god i love him soo much:'( am i suppose to ignore how i feel? am i suppose to live on with this over my head day and night? i'm starting to think we just didnt feel the same way about each other. i felt different, and i thought i knew how he felt about me. i just dont understand. i dont believe anymore. i feel like he is still with me, but that is sooo wrong. i have a bf. :(  and i like him a lot. im just scared that, wat if i'm not ready. i feel ready to go out with guys, but look at me. i'm pathetic. :( if i let go, im letting go of everything i knew, the person that i felt i loved. it's soo weird. but i'll work this out..i just got think it over AGAIN.
0	*her Ada is still missing, apparently because he did bad things before*  *her blonde-Ada is worried*  *her Daer-ada is being a bit psycho, sharpening pointies*  *her brother nearly got eaten by a big spider*  *can't take it anymore*  *  CRIES  ...with Maglor-esque lungpower at that*
0	What is it about me that just make people want to tell me thier problems... A simple stranger tells me about what bothers her like I can help... I feel so empty inside still... I don't know why... I don't know what to do either.. I feel like giving up and dying all together.. Just the feeling where I want to hurt myself more than anything but am too tired and haven't the energy to... I'm pathetic...
0	Well, it sounds like it's gonna be another Saturday night alone on my couch.  Sometimes I really hate being the one of the only single people.  It sucks being the third wheel all the time.  Or being stuck at home all alone 'cause everyone else is out on dates or at home cuddling.  The good thing is that my roommate has left the state for a few days, so I get the house to myself and can do whatever the hell I want.  And then tomorrow I get to be the third wheel.  But its' with Clare and Scott, whom I haven't seen in a while.  It shouldn't be too bad.
0	if any of you reading this has voted Bush, please explain your reasons for doing so.  because I do not understand.  If Bush wins, I will be so embarassed and upset.
1	  HAPPY BIRTHDAY LISSI!!!!&nbsp; *BIG BIG BIG BIG HUG*.&nbsp; YAY FOR TURNING 21!!&nbsp; NOW YOU'RE LEGAL EVERYWHERE!  HOPE YOU HAVE A GREAT DAY AND A GREAT YEAR!       P.S. Just wondering if you're going to be free tomorrow at any point.&nbsp; I'm getting together with Sara to do some studying and thought we'd drop by to see ya and say hi and give ya stuff.&nbsp; So let me know if you're home at all and what time.&nbsp; If not then that's kool, we'll see ya another day then.  P.P.S. I miss you Lissi!!!!&nbsp; Once this semester is over we have to get together and hand out.&nbsp; I'll make cake about and you can watch Sara and me argue about the brain, hee hee.
1	Got Maroon5 concert pics in! Gonna post some later!!! WOOOOOOOOT!
0	So, it looks like   The Memory of Shadows   isn't going to get made after all.
1	Well it has been 5 days since I updated and that is all wrong so I have to write in it, jetzt.   Hmmm... well I can't recollect in what order they have gone in but it has been Ashley, chess.   Except for yesterday when I went to Aarons house and that was fun and stuff.  I met his Grossmuter. Sie ist sehr interasant. To say the very least.   I made my christmas list.   Today I get a new chess set!
0	i talked to brent last nite and i told him about something sexual i did recently. and then he confessed that he actually did the same thing recently with a friend of his.   then after a while he tells me: i know we're not together or anything, but it kinda seems like we... betrayed each other.  Betrayed!? not only did he say it, but he used that word! so naturally i felt bad. he asked me to give him today to think about everything and write down his real feelings on the issue of him and I. he asked me to call him at 9pm, and in turn, i asked him a favor: to not spare my feelings, but to just be honest and get everything out. I was trying not to cry as our conversation was nearing its end.... i have a feeling how tonight is going to end, i'd bet on it if i had to.   IN MY HEAD: so this is the plan, huh, God? remove any possible opposition from my life? take away any possible distractions? well then i guess that means i am coming home in the end. *mixed up feelings*
1	                Have yourself a merry little Christmas           Let your heart be light               From now on our troubles               Will be out of sight               It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas                     Everywhere you go               Take a look in the five-and-ten glistening once again               With candy canes and silver lanes aglow               Oh ho the mistletoe                     hung where you can see               Somebody waits for you               Kiss her (or him)&nbsp;once for me               I don't want a lot for Christmas There is just one thing I need               I dont care about presents Underneath the Christmas tree                     I just want you for my own More than you could ever know                   make my wish come true.......baby all i want for Christmas is.....            you    
0	Well heres the deal I wrote sarah a letter asking for her to let me know if she still wanted to be together and also included some flowers as well and had mike deliver them for me...theres been no reply and I dont even know if she bothered to pick the stuff up yet.  Other than that nothing new to report
0	"hmmmmm" *ponders that for a while* "well....hmmm....i MIGHT come down.... or i MIGHT not...."
1	 I'm seeing  They Might Be Giants  tonight! I am  super  excited. It'll be a good time, I believe.     Ann Arbor. Borders. 7. Free.     If you're in the area...go!  
1	I got a haircut today. It came out nicely. I am just happy to not have hair anymore because it really got on the nerves of me. I didn't go to swim practice these past two days. I am never going to get better at anything because my self-discipline sucks ass. I had a nice day yesterday. I babysat the majority of the day and made 50 bucks! Too bad I've already spent it all. What a retardo. Okay. Bye!
1	OMG Thank you iTunes for having my favorite song of all time!!!
1	I feel it my duty to inform you (even though you'll probably already know by the time you read this) that the CHUBBCHUBBS won the Oscar for Best Short Animated Film because they're AWESOME!!!!!!!!!  And don't even try to tell people that you didn't hate them because I have written proof that you did.
0	Well Maddie says she had an okay day, but I can feel that it wasn't good at all. Poor girl, shes got so much troubles to deal with *runs over to paw at her maddie*
0	Okay, so this is mainly for Kelley and Michelle, I suppose, since I am almost sure no one else read the whole nine entries of mine.  I am giving up on this thing.  And art...screw art.  I blow at it and it hates me.  So to recap...no more art and no more live journal (not that that's a big change since I never really wrote much in it for I am boring).
1	Just been watching season 7, hosted by Drew Carey.  THE funniest thing on TV, EVER.  And clever...
1	Its my one year anniversary with Eric tomorrow! Im really excited, even though I have to study all day, we are going out to dinner to a really nice restaurant. I can still remember the nite we started dating really clearly....he cooked me dinner. Now we are going out! Time does fly. It definetly has been a fantastic year with many ups and downs. However we are both stronger and as time goes on, who knows where we will be!  ERIC, TE AMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
0	   P  is for pain that I feel inside          R  is for reasons that I’ve thrown to the side         I  is for ignorance that one can be blessed with         C  is for causes that I can not come up with         K  is for k no word comes to my mind, but broken&nbsp;to bits, my heart here lies.       &nbsp; 
0	  goodnight johnny cash. and goodnight john ritter.   this is the saddest news to wake up to. mos def leaves a bitter taste in my mouth.   it really makes me think.. with all this bullshit ive been feeling. im lucky to be alive. im lucky to still be here, with friends and family.    tell everyone that you care about, that you value them, that you cherish them. if you're able to mutter the words 'i love you' don't hold back. you never know what could happen. you never know how long someone will be around for. take every moment as though it's your last live with a full heart smile for no apparent reason. get over the past.    &lt;3 kimpossible 
1	set in.  After almost a year of living at this apartment, I finally feel like it's my home.  And why shouldn't it be?  I pay the rent so it's partially mine.  I can do what I want here, have who I want over, and generally have freedom about it.  I think I've finally resigned myself to actually calling Lansing my home.  It's rather liberating.  Jackie explained it rather well.  Told me I probably finally feel like this because I stay home more often now. And, come to think of it, she's got to be right.  Considering last year when I was in the dorms the second semester I felt like it was home also.  I guess home is where you lay your head.  Well that and were the becky beck becks becks is.
1	 Ok so people have been telling me that i need to post pics of the tummy.. even tho there isnt much of one..    so i figured i'd do that.. these were taken at 5 1/2 months...    here ya go :)    &nbsp;                      So there ya go ... happy now? haha..     shes gonna be a tiny baby, but as long as she is healthy i dont care!     The Doc said that she is just going to be skinny and tall.. ha.. like her daddy!! :) aww..     Im so excited! 
1	Sometimes its the simple little conveniences that are the most useful...   Taskbar Calculator  is one of those kinds of things.  It puts a little toolbar on your task bar containing a text box into which you enter numbers and work with it like a calculator.  It has all the capabilities of a basic calculator.  Its a simple little download, and seems to work quite well on the two machines I have tried it on, one running Windows 2000 and another running Windows XP.
0	ppshhttt yeah. no matter how much you think youre the sheezie, you'll never understand another person completely.  It's not a bad thing.  Anyway- I'm sad i missed last night for a lame five hours of hospital this morning.  sucks.  I knew you would go and make me feel sad.  Blah.  Sleep i need perhaps? yes.
0	sitting in the computer lab finishing up class stuff...  I got a call early this morning from my supervisor - the one who offered me his job when he leaves at the end of the month. Well, he had told me the fact that I don't have my bachelor's yet isn't a problem, but his boss decided that it is. so i can't take the job.  The job I was offered was the Program Manager position for the weekend program I work with at Crossroads. Also, I would be the caseworker for kids who don't have anywhere to go when they leave Crossroads. I saw both as huge ministry opportunities - setting up community service projects on the weekends with Christian organizations, and setting up kids with Christian families - how awesome! I guess it will just have to be postponed till I'm done with school (about a year left).
1	Visited a friend at work today. Haven't seen him in 4 months or so, but we chat online.  And I realized...    Some of the best friends are the ones you don't see all the time. But they're there for you when you need them.  
0	There is no word for 'cupcake' in German...or 'fuzzy'.    German is a horrible language.
1	Is it to be Reading Or Download this year? That IS the question.   Thing is I can't choose!! I really can't...  Could I save and afford both? There HAS to be a way. Maybe I should just do that! :oD haha.  Thing is Download's download! How could I miss it? But Reading have INCUBUS how can I miss that? It simply has to be both!
1	You know, this whole Eric Robert Rudolph thing is kinda surreal, being a UAB student.  I remembered hearing about the abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham when it happened in 1998, but I was only in 8th grade, so I wasn't too concerned with it.  Now that I'm older and a student at UAB, it seems a lot closer to me now. The bombing occurred at an abortion clinic located on the UAB campus, and you can drive by it any time.       It's pretty scary to think that on January 29, 1998, the man that is in custody right now was standing across the street from that very building, and used a remote detonation device from Radio Shack to set off a bomb that killed 2 people.  It's just spooky to think about it.  Oh yeah, I also saw NBC13's Ken Lass standing at the intersection of 5th Ave. S and 19th St. today. Fun stuff.  Porn star  Ron Jeremy  is at the UAB campus tonight for a debate about the good/bad of pornography...I think I might go.
1	ahahhaha. i just got back a test i took on friday. i got a 100% on a test i studied about 30 minutes for, in a class i sometimes sleep through, and did not buy the book for (and it's a literature class, reading is all we do!). being naturally intelligent rules. i took another test on friday that i'm sure i got an A on. i took one today that i'm sure was an A if not a 100% and i have one more on wednesday. then i go to work wednesday night and then freedom for a week and a half. i like being in a band. we are going to record some more of break i think. perhaps a cover song will be recorded tomorrow though. fun! i wish i could sing good and consistently. class then home to eat. all i've had today are starbursts. then to brandi's. woo. i love aaron.
0	Why do I always screw things up? Why can't I ever hold on to the important things in life? Why did you leave? Why do I react the way I do? Why do I see the good things too late? Why do I always screw things up? Why can't I just be happy?
1	 Tonight was my second foray into $5/$10 NL/PL, this time Pot Limit, for a nicer profit of $1069.50 in an hour (my first $5/$10 No Limit experience was ~$300 in a similar amount of time).  Sadly I can't expect it to go as well every time, but as long as my bankroll can handle the swings my overall results should go up quite a bit. :)    Why today?  What are these big changes at Party the subject mentions?  Well, starting on March 1st all of the NL/PL games now have a max buyin of 100x the big blind instead of 50x, so the $2/$4 NL and PL games I was playing in before now have a $400 max buyin instead of $200.  They've also added $3/$6 and $5/$10 games, both No Limit and Pot Limit, and more tables of each than they had $2/$4 tables before!  That should mean a lot less time on waiting lists, a lot more games to choose from, and hopefully a lot more profits for me, if things go well. :)    The Salmon are swimming upstream... 
1	i walked around campus grinning all day, and danced in the elevators.  and trust me, i'm the last person i thought it ever possible to feel this way.
1	Habbi Börschday Phoebe!  Wünsch dir Alles Gute zum Geburtstag. Jetzt bist ja schon fast 30 *hüstel* naja noch nicht ganz. Zum Glück! Ne? Ich hoffe du hattest eine schönen Tag und hast eine große Geburtstagstorte und viele Geschenke bekommen. Laß mal ein Bisschen die Seele baumeln und gönn dir ein paar Tage Ruhe, soweit das eben bei dir geht, mit der ganzen Uniarbeit nebenher *seufz* Ich hoffe man sieht sich mal wieder in näherer Zeit. Wünsch dir noch eine schönen Abend und toi, toi, toi bis zum nächsten Jahr *grins* Dann sinds nur noch 3 Jahre bis zu der verflixten 30.  Knuddäls  Julia
1	filling out a job appa-appa-appa-a-appliCAtion.... WOOT! ho man, my mom just got back from Great Harvest Bread and she brought home an APPLICATION! WOOT! maybe i'll have a job in time for all y'all X-mas gifts. WOO-HOO!
1	I noticed I was added so thank you to whoever added me.  Hi my name is Jennifer Don and I'm a pair skater with my partner Jonathon Hunt.  I was born in Texas and my family still live there although I train in Delaware.  I've been to Asia a few times and I would love to go again because it's such a beautiful place and very peaceful.  Well that's all for now. Love Always Jenny
1	Yeah, I don't post very often.  And when I do I'm usually like, "Yeah, I don't post very often. I should fix that."    Anyway, maybe I'll try just a few short entries every now and then, and maybe in that way I can keep things up to date.  That's being optimistic.  Tonight I went to see Ben Folds with my friends    Chris  and Josh, who rock, btw.  In the very near future we will all be in possession of World of Warcarft accounts (right now only Chris lacks one), and then I imagine most people will see little of us outside the classroom.  It will be good times though.  And Ben Folds also rocked, though I can't hear very well at the moment.  I've been assured that my hearing will return with time.  I've heard from two schools so far for grad school, and they've both given me thumbs up.  Five more to go!  I have a ton of things going on this week, school-wise.  Time to continue with the preparation.
0	Tired... lonely... angry... sad... bleh. I hate myself sometimes... I hate being alone... just... bleh. I'm almost expecting to die alone... and I never should have thought otherwise. I've had ONE person love me in my life... or say they do... and I fucked it up beyond repair. *Sighs* I don't have anything more to say... I'm gonna go curl up in a corner now.
0	 http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/7083671/    Thanks to       miaryann    for posting this in her lj.  This is a really sad article, and when I think about how the religious right in this country wants to go back to the dark ages and turn women into baby factories it makes me doubly upset. David
1	ALIAS IS ON TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BEST NOT MISS IT CUZ ITS THE BEST SHOW!!!!!!!
1	  You are the playful pin-up!  Do you know how to be serious?      What Type Of Retro Gal Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	Well lets see. I went to Riverside last night, Mike was there :) But it was boring so me and him desided to leave and go get a movie and food then go back to his house. I stayed the night, we ended up watching The Crow, that movie kicks ass, I love it, its so grate. My mom desided to call his house at 10 today asking where the hell was I, I find it kind of funny because if I would have got home right befor she woke up she wouldent have cared but sense she woke up and I wasent there she was mad. Whatever I dont really care to much, its not like I was doing anything I wasent suppost to be doing, I mean Ivy used to stay out all night long getting high and shit like that so really my mom has no right to bitch at me.   Home-Coming is tonight, it should be really fun, im going with Mike :) He said he would be here at 6:45, I cant wait! I should be going now, I still need to get my hair done. Bye-all!!!  ~Cathy~
1	i'm home i'm so happy. i hated it there the grandmother was so disrestful. he was nice to veryone but me it was like i always did something wrong, when i didn't so it's so good to be home.
1	Leaving today for the regional !! woo hoo! can't wait practice in about 36 minutes.... lol   thanks for all the luck !! i love you all &lt;3     *** stella ***       *smileys* (always)    Globes and Maps are all around me ......
1	Me and kelly and nick went to see the dead dolphin today after school, and had a good time.When we got to the dolphin, the smell was horiffic, and it looked atrociouse.It's mouth was wide open, and it's tongue was swollen to where it was taking up all the space in it's mouth.It's flesh had a lot of open wounds on it, and looked almost like tar.It was very sad.There was a rope rapped around it....but it could have died a number of other ways.We left and walked down the train tracks along the water, to hobo beach and sat around there for a little while. along the way back we took a short cut to get onto the train tracks, and met a hobo named polecat.he had a kickass pad and alot of useful junk.Me kelly and megahn(yes you megahn!!!dont try to to talk back because you're coming!)are going to go back and bring him some KFC smoke him out.  This week has been pretty good.FCAT is so easy and lets me skip a few classes, so thats good.I have to go work on an art project that is due next week.
0	Wow im posting twice in the same day.. well i dont know what to do with myself... im really getting out of control. I drink to much. I smoke too much. and i pop pills too much.. i cut too much.. i dont have bounderies any more and i just dont know what to do anymore.. i might end up getting sent to St. vincent.. well if anyone has any ideas.. tell me                    &lt;3 churry
1	Decided to rename my iPod from "teal" (my favorite color, plus a color that's close to that of the blue mini) to "cleftbunny" (a former MYSTcommunity software upgrade codename). Capella finds it cute ;-)  I've considered for a while doing a separate Usability blog again; I might do it in forms of podcasts, or maybe something dual - short versions of articles using audios, and longer, more detailed versions in text only. Two people I've asked both seemed very interested...
0	Viggo was in GQ as one of their men of the year and he made it into people this week as well.Yay!!!  I do hope PandemoniumFromAmerica gets here soon, I'm so tired of waiting!I don't think I have to terribly much to write right now....just felt like spilling a few words onto the page to try and cheer myself up. Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't, we'll just have to see I guess. I want to watch that show "Fallen Angel" on CBS tonight, I think it looks cute. I should study to go take my chauffers test tomorrow. And I need to see my doctor still about that form *sigh* I really REALLY have got to start finding motivation to be a person again. I'm tired of only being part of one.
1	Still not dressed... a litlle depressed?  I'm just a bit lazy, can't you see?  I'm awfully happy, but sometimes I feel a bit crappy.  I have nothing to complain about, sometimes I just have to shout!  Not supposed to worry this much, can't help to think such thoughts.  I am happy, I can say, but only not always found, if I may.   
1	 There has been no need really to post as of late, I've been incredibly busy, mostly with my father.&nbsp; Trace, I wish you the best with your continual search for love, seems you'll have more luck than most of us as of late.    Terry, we should talk soon, friends shouldn't discontinue talking because of a slight *cough*Michael*cough* mishap.&nbsp; You've been down as of late...anyway, I'm here if you wish to talk.    Shay, I have a question about charms, perhaps I could discuss it with you later?    And, for a specific friend of mine, as promised...         &nbsp;    You look spiffing Pansy, darling, you really do.&nbsp; Found this the other day while looking through old photos.&nbsp; You must have left this in that old album of last summer... 
1	Hey peoples. hope u is all good. was ill today but i'm sure i'll be back by tomorrow. errmmm what else.My msn aint working, how annoying.erm hugs for all and see you all soon
1	In September I'm going to take part is the Hydroactive Women's Challenge -  http://www.mariecurie.org.uk/events/hyd roactive-womens-challenge.html  which should be good. I'm not sure what charity I'm going to try to raise money for, but hopefully I can get some sponsers and have a good time, so that's my update.
1	so i figured i should probably update this thing.  this past weekend was amazing. even tho half of our friends werent here, we still had an awesome weekend. Thursday night we didnt really do anything, just hung out and watched tv. Friday night...tequila shots, Katie's Bacardi Razz baby, Lindsay's first shot, Katie's banana humping, then Phi Tau Pole Dancing. i cant believe we actually danced. so awesome. but thankfully we did not make it to the finals. some shit went down when we got back to ML but its not worth talking about right now. Saturday...gave my first tour, then rugby practice and lifting. hung out with john and his friends. got ridiculously drunk. havent been like that in forever. good times had by all.  its amazing that we actually drank two night in a row. we havent done that since we were freshmen, lol.  now we;re off to shop at the Crossings.
0	Indignation.   N. : anger aroused by something unjust, unworthy, or mean    If there is an intelligent force controlling the universe, Molly hates it's sick, sadistic ass. She also hates everything and everyone, that's ever stood between her alleviating her sickness. This includes herself. She is filled with indignation.   This thread sort of seems related.  http://www.livejournal.com/community/bu ddhists/1077298.html 
0	i miss my ricko!  saterday night, i snuck out and spent the night with ricky.  well, my grama said that if i would have asded her, i could have stayed. which i think she is lying. anyways, i am grounded from seeing him until friday.  gggrrrr. but anyways... saterday night.  sigh  it was wonderful! i have never loved someone as much as i do ricky. and i have never "made love" until saterday. sure, i have had sex.  but it wasnt as passionate and caring like it was with ricky. that night, i could see in his eyes how much he truely loves me. i am sure you dont want to hear about that but oh well, you just did.  haha. i miss him so much.
0	   You Are Cinderella!        Dignified and hard working. With a gentle and soft-spoken manner you have something many people don't. Patience. Even through the moments of heartbreak you're still able to hold onto all of your hopes and dreams. Bide your time; you're dream will come true.     Which Disney Princess Are You?  
1	National Guard Armory Gastonia, NC  The MWF will be holding a tournament for the tag-team titles (which were stripped from Tha Sycho Supastar and Jacobe Stone just hours ago) whereupon the final match in the tournament will be .....   a tag team LADDER MATCH   I've already got my partner picked out. You don't want to miss this one.
1	Yay!! PoT 121 came out today!! ^__^  Now all I need is an episode of Kyou Kara Maou and FMA and I'll be set!! ^__^
0	      LiveJournal Haiku!       Your name:    sulappy      Your haiku:    i was like angels in america:night flight to san francisco      Username:                Created by  Grahame         That's just fucking cool. I got myself an "Angels in America" haiku.
1	Quite a nice day today. The Malaysian F1 race was much better than the Ferrari parade in Australia. My friend Cath poped round this afternoon with her two kids. Will adores me for some reason and he's such a little cutie. Rachel's coming along in leaps and bounds, some teeth and she's trying to stand up too. It's her christening next Sunday, hope she'll be good on the day.  Am off to Germany on business tomorrow, back home on Thursday. Not really looking forward to going, but hey work's work.
1	maybe I should use her for a layout? ^^        space_ghost22    has just informed me that Gunger Snaps is on BBC2 right now ^^ I didn't know that, tis good though to see it on non-sky tv ^  Tis right at the end though.  *watches it everytime its on even though she has it on DVD because she loves it so~*  ( Edit:  now I want to watch it from the start &gt;&lt;;....sequal/prequal where are you dammit? you're suposed to be coming out soon!)
1	I was flipping through the channels and i came across a movie on PAX channel.  it's called There Goes My Baby and it stars a very young, very adorable Noah Wyle!
1	It was raining just a moment ago, and we had hail, but it just stopped and out the back window is a huge rainbow. And it's a full arc too! I wish I could get a picture of it. It's so cool~~
1	    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;           GO FALL PLAYS!!!!!!!!! SHINE!!!!!!!!!!    
1	I just got A Perfect Circle's new album, Thirteenth Step. It's blowing my mind.
1	Sunglasses and new shoes-I'm off to L.A.  See you tuesday. Call my cell if you need me.
1	Today's the day! Yankees vs. Bosox 8pm on ESPN!!! Hope everyone's as excited as I am!
0	If not for the rehearsal I have to attend today I'd be with my Taryn right now.
1	  Well today was a pretty good day for once. I got a lift into the city with dad and just as i was about to jump out of the car he handed me his credit card and told me to get my guitar off lay-by as an early birthday present. So yes i have my new guitar now *litterally beams* Im starting college at 8 and finishing at 12 all this week so i have the afternoons to do whatever i want. I finished my 1000 word essay on pop culture and its art forms this afternoon as well so im free from any study/work obligations for the rest of the week.  I only have 4 more nights left in this house im so happy.. but at the same time im not cause i hate this house but i so dont want to leave dad but its going to happen. Ugh the thought of living with mum full-time is scaring the hell out of me.. and plus my room is so bare cause ive packed everything away in boxes.  18 in six daaaays *taps clock* hurrrry uuup!       Pirate   X   Core  
1	Last night, Flounder found the most wonderful dinglehopper near one of the shipwrecks just outside the city! I have to add it to my cove just as soon as I can get out of the palace unnoticed.  He also brought a silver, flat, round shiny object. I'll have to ask Scuttle what the humans use these for...   (APRIL FOOL'S! Ginny was Ariel from Disney's  The Little Mermaid  for 4/1/2005) 
1	Hey, so somebody else implemented my idea first:  Not Yo Grandmama's Knitting Club . I'm so excited there's finally a knitting/crocheting group on campus.  It's at the Fireside Lounge at 8 next Tuesday, so I expect to see all of you there! ;D
1	This is my first post using LJ.  I'm not 100% sure what I'm doing so for those reading this - bear with me.  What to say?  I'm 35 years old, live in the Midwest I love tv and I recently moved.  I was drawn to LJ for "Starting Over" discussions, but I'm also a buffista (love "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel" and "Firefly"), fan of some reality tv programs, and HBO shows.  I've had a long day at work, so that's that for now.
1	I have a sword, and you do not.  Well, you might.  But is it strapped to your arm?  Is it?  Huh?  Oh, hush.  I'm excited.  Besides, the sooner I got past the weight and on to the sword, the sooner I can move on to not having  anything  strapped to me.  Oh, fine.  I'll brag about something else.  I got to see Aeglos.  For that matter, I got to  hold  Aeglos.  I didn't even cut myself.  So there.
1	so yesteday i just hung around the house for a while and then went out with zach for a little bit. thennn he dropped me off at jess's for the superbowl! it was fun...and then i just went home around 9ish cause i still had homework to do.  school went by really fast today, and then went to soccer conditioning after school. i liked it and then jess & i went to emerys..she got her ears pierced! and i got my cartelidge pierced! ahh you dont even know  how scared i was, but it wasnt that bad at all! it kinda stings now but its ok one of the girls that worked there (not the person who did it though) was tellin me all about how i need to be careful when im blow drying my hair or  brushing it not to catch it & like rip it out of my ear. and the guy said i had a thin ear so it oculd happen easily! im like terrified..but it'll be ok! oh but my shower after was very difficult, cause i had to like make sure my hair didnt touch it haha  homework time and then im going to bed early, im so tired  
0	todaywas the worst day ever. i woke up sick and went through school with a migrane. i skipped a pm and went home on the bus with laura and sam. i dont know if laura is still interested in getting to know each other. it just feels so good to see her but i dont think she even likes me anymore. life sucks you know. i was being mean to everyone today and i don't know why. any way im sorry everyone, especially sam cuz i was being especially mean to her for some reason. i feel like shit.
1	I'm soooo freakin' happy....I found someone who I didn't think I could find here at UNA.  It's so freakin' Awesome.  The whole situation has left me speechless it's awesome.  Oh By the way her name is Brianna.  Have fun I'm going to work in a little bit.
1	I'm Venus... I realize there's only two people here, but hey, my love for Diabolo brought me here! XD Anyway, I love the manga, it was awesome, and I love the boys. *_* Hehe, I hope to write some fanfics about Diabolo soon, and when I do, I'll make sure to share. *waves and runs away*  ~Venus~
1	Your warm response to my last picture was very inspiring, so I couldn't help myself and simply had to draw another one. I hope you like it :)        
0	So! I did all the complicated soldering! no problem! got my PS2 working! and Ive been playing it for the last several days fine! but! I hadnt gotten around to screwing everything down! so! I was cleaning today, and said "I should put the PS2 back together properly while I still know where all the screws are" So! I did! had everything done except for screwing the case down. and putting the screw caps back on the bottom....So! I knew Liz had messaged me on aim, and, I hadnt responded because I was covered in electronic bits! But, I had a moment, because the case screws were across the room..so, I set the PS2 down on the chair, reached for the keyboard to reply and then I hear my PS2 smash into the floor. *sobs* now its FICKIN BROKE.It seems to be either A. The drive, or B. The power/reset switch. for, it does not open, nor will it read the disc already in there.  Now I have to go buy a new fickin drive. god. damnit.
1	for all you wonderful people who arent actually in madison, if you love me you'll check out my comic strip daily online at  http://www.dailycardinal.com   I am in the comics section (you see, there is logic there) and the title of the strip is "insert name here".  To view the cardinal's site multiple time you must register your email address but don't fear, it's quite free.  Now you too can follow along to quite possibly the best strip in town (not to toot my own horn or anything).  Anywho, just thought I'd spread that little piece of information!
1	Twizzlers for breakfeast.  Yum.   EDIT  Twizzler's AND Root Beer Dum-Dums.  Yes, my mom bought a huge bag of Dum-Dums, thus, it has became the staple of my diet.
1	B and I are making cookies and they are watching the Big Labowski again. I'll have to go watch it with them in a minute. Things are much better now other than Waylon being sick. My grandma is going to watch him tomorrow so I can go to Amy's party, but I hope he is feeling better.  My mom is going to watch him memorial day weekend so we can so to hookahville, but I forgot to tell her it was Friday and Saturday so  I'll have to see if she is working friday. If she is I will ask adrians grandma to watch him and my mom can pick him up. I'm really excited and Adrian has off work and we are gonna camp! It's gonna be so fun!  Our Anniversary is comming up soonand I am trying to think of something fun to do, any suggestions?   Oh Cookies I gotta run!
1	Okay, so it's not quite the event that Connor's birthday is, but there is another December birthday in our immediate family:&nbsp; Fozzie The Bear The Dog turns six years old today.&nbsp; We got him as a puppy, so it's not quite six years since he came into our lives, and that's hard to believe.&nbsp; I still remember the fun of trying to housetrain him (worst . . . puppy . . . ever!) quite vividly.&nbsp;&nbsp;   That makes him about 45 in human terms (no, not 42; it's a curve, not a straight line, and varies with the size of the dog...).&nbsp; So after I trained him as a puppy,&nbsp; he's now effectively older than I am by almost a decade.&nbsp; Very odd, this human/pet lifecycle interaction.&nbsp; Anyway, barring accidents or unexpected illnesses (or undetected consumption of sports equipment . . . never mind), Fozzie should have at least another 5 or 6 years of driving us nuts; long enough for Connor to have some (hopefully fond) memories of him.&nbsp; :)  So happy birthday, boy!
1	       You scored as  Eline Cynici . ELine dskjfl;dskj hard name to spell -.-       Eline Cynici             67%       lauren             50%       fdkjh             50%       I like noodles             44%       Kelise             33%       STEVE             17%       MIlo             17%       Aubrey             0%        more firends of Steve   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	I had a nightmare last night.... it wasn't cool. I am still really really tired. I am really confused too...but hopefully that will end in a bit. Oh well I have to get everything started for the day. *sigh*    *edit* no more confusion everything is ok.... now just very tired.
1	K...I'm off for 18 days (as of Tuesday). Off to Italy and Greece and...Egypt!!! Fun times to be had by all! Have good breaks all! and have fun with your families if that is where you are, or out partying with friends!  hopefully this cold will be gone in a couple days.
1	spring break starts now!!!  i'm done with classes, now i just have to wait around til 4 when my mom picks us up!  i don't really feel like writing a long entry right now. i will try to keep updating ove rbreak but i might just be having too much fun to take the time!! haha i hope.
1	Hi, everyone!  This is my first post in this community.  I just joined like 5 seconds ago.  I found out about this community from another community,   which I joined 2 days ago.  Well, it is very nice to meet you all.  Let me introduce myself briefly.  My name is Nami, but on the internet, I usually go by as MelodyWave.  I'm a 21 year old Japanese girl who goes to school in Memphis, TN.  I've been in states for about 5 years now.  I don't have showtime cable at home, so I've only seen the first 3 seasons of QAF.(Of course I own the DVD's!)  And my favorite character is, duh, EMMETT HONEYCUTT!!!  I'm so in love with him.  I'm so into the show that it came to the point where I feel like Emmett really exists in my life and is my best friend.  Anyway, I still don't know too much about Peter except for the fact that he's so damn cute!  I didn't know him until I watched QAF.  But I already love him as much as you guys do!  Please welcome me now!
0	it seems like everything is going downhill since oliver ended...god i loved that show.
1	Oh.  My.  Dog.  This year's  Bark at the Park  is Marlins vs. Mets!   Edit:  Brandy is clearly a Mets fan.  Every time I say "Let's go Mets!" she gets excited and jumps around.
0	I've had the worst day.  I hope I get ran over.  I feel like I'm being ingored by Mandy. So.. Mandy, I really hope it's not intentional.   I just found out I overwithdrew on my bank account by ONE FUCKING DOLLAR. Now I have to pay eighteen dollars.   I had better make some tips this weekend.    I just cancelled my Netflix account because there's no way in hell I'm letting this happen again.  I know eighteen dollars isn't a lot but I don't make a lot of money, especially because my mom can't afford to give me money herself.    I can't believe I just went through 100+ dollars two weeks. I'm not going to buy anything ever again.
1	    You are  60 % Taurus              How much do you match your zodiac sign?       
0	Yes, it has been pretty tiring lately. I heard my brother has an accident in the place he sleeps at school, he got hit by a door : 10 stitches on the cheek. He is lovely now *evil grin* Yesterday evening, I went to cinema to see Arsene Lupin in pre-release and the movie director was here. It was very nice to see my own town on the big screen :p And this evening, I went to a party my brother and his g/f held. In spite of being over crowded by more than 70 persons (including 3/4 that I didn't know) I felt lonely, very lonely, I missed my g/f and I miss her too much still. I would have loved to have her by my side, to have someone to talk to and someone to dance with. Such is life, while other people waste the people they love being follish, I try to stay honnest and faithfull to my dear one because she means a lot to me.
1	i eat waayyyyyyyyy to much! oh dear, i need to stop doing that... oh well.  i just got home. i havn't bin home all day. and my brother is sick which makes me sad for him. poor brother, stop throwing up.  there's a girl party tomarrow with a whole bunch of my mom's friends. it should be absolutly FABULOUSE!  i really want a tattoo... that thought really just popped into my head...  LOVE! -:-alyssa-:-
1	this is probably the best feeling in the world.   i hope it doesn't ware off for a while...
0	I finally got a job. That's good.  I think I'm going to cry myself to sleep again like last night. That's not so good.  I wish -I- could drink away the lonely hours of the night.  How is your mother?
0	Okay, I am /so/ done with people. Including family. I can't say anything to anyone without it going around the loop a few times. It's all thanks to one person I know, one person I will never, ever tell anything to ever again. I only know about a few people who this person has been telling things to, but you know how it is. One little thing could be said to the one person who can't keep their mouth shut, and then before you know it, I hear about it from other people. Now because of one person, there's two more people that I can't confide in. I've always prided myself on being a good judge of character, but now that pride has gone the way of the cuckoo, as well as the trust that I put in some people.  Tonight I work 3-7, then I'm off work until Saturday morning. No class Friday morning, so I'm going to make like a recluse and keep to myself for the most part after class tomorrow afternoon.
1	                          Held you close tonight          In between bosoms          You eased right through          Silent warm innocence          Counting of gentle breaths          You make me believe that          Life will always be alright          Tiny little   Princess            See the power you hold          Of love, hope and dreams          Even in the darkest nights          Your star stays upright          A gift from the above          Safe and pink in my arms          Let the rain howl its might          Bibik   will never leave you           &nbsp;          Arly.s.            Dedicated to my niece, Sherly (happy one week old!        
1	So last night I went to see the early November with Moo and Sarah and there was like days away and enginedown and a thorn for every heart and I like crowd surfed a bunch and I was talking to the like enginedown gutar guy and I was like ya its my birthday and he was all o really what day is today i was all umm the 28rd? and I guess thats today but i was close...today I got my report card and I didnt fail anything or even get any Ds Mr.Woodman said I failed but he said that last quarter to and I got a C...in like 2 secounds im going snowboarding for all weekend:)
0	Feeling pretty sad right now!!!   My 3 week old baby kittens' momma diasappeared Sat.  So now I am nursing six babies.  I never thought I'd wish I had six nipple;P   LOL!!!!!  Well I think tey'll be OK I will just have to start them on regular food as soon as I can.
1	MAN, HAPPY HOLIDAYS!  I MUST SHARE THIS AWESOME GIFT I GOT!            HEHE... GET IT?    Thank you,       fabricatedvoice   ! :D:D:D:D:D
1	I just thought I would let everyone know that I'm heading home on Sunday.  :)  I'll be leaving the big L around 4pm to meet up with Andrea and Rachel by about 5pm Eville time.  We plan on hittin the mall pretty hard.  And then I'll probably chill with them or some friends the rest of that night.  But, I can't wait to see all you guys in Eville...but I'll really miss all my buddies here.  I hope everyone has a great Christmas!  I'm sure I'll be back in the L sometime over break...but I do plan on celebrating my 21st in Evansville...but if you all want to come down for a day or so that would be awesome!  Just let me know :)!  Anyways, I'll see everyone soon!  I love all you guys!
1	welp things have gotten a lot better in the past 2 weeks or so id say...i had a really good weekend..friday night jamie and i went and saw the diary of a mad black woman...kinda strange haha but i had fun! :-D then saturday i worked 1030-230 and then went to speedworld from like 8-11 or so with shane and kara, then i went to burgers house then to sophies and hung out with jamie. :-D i had fun! then yesterday...i sold my baby, the civic...oh well i had to. work was good last night and school has been alright, just kinda overwhelmed with tests. my jamie is sick...:-( but i didnt get her sick!!! it was ashley! hahaha! well tonight is bible study..fun stuff. then i have a big test to study for...:-\ hope everyones doin good like me! later!!
0	Again... I feel you in my heart. But I know it will never happen, you may feel as lonely as me but it's not me... I will never be that one in your heart like you are in mine. Screaming, crying, tearing everything down, pulling my mind, my heart, my soul that is all yours apart. Never has someone brought me such raw emotion... you are becoming my definition of beauty, my desire, my sickness. I can't find a way to fight this... slit my wrists, and write your name on a white wall... maybe then you'll see how much I don't care at all expect about you... rape me like a whore just to feel your kiss, and let bleed just like this.  For someone I'd die with in the end..
0	I feel really bad for hurting  Pansy’s  feelings a few weeks ago, but I don’t know why she’s taking it so personally. I truly didn’t mean to fall asleep and forget whatever it was we did, but I was really tired, and my Potions class was really stressing me out at the time. I apologized as best I could, but  Draco  said it would be best if I left and owled  Pansy  an apology letter. I did, and she replied that she needed more time to forgive me. I’m so confused - what should I do?  Pansy’s  been such a good friend to me, and I hate knowing that I hurt her feelings, but there’s nothing I can do to fix the mistake I made. Perhaps if I have her a gift of goodwill, she will find it in her heart to forgive the awful deed I’ve done to her.  Until she does, I’ll feel horrible.
1	I'll be on my way down to  the Silver Snail  in an hour or two to get ready for the midnight madness sale!   Anyone who wants to say hi should join me there - doors open at midnight, with the feature items being the official release of the new 'Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith' toys, which can only be legally sold tonight as of 12:01am.      There will be cake, and costume contest with prizes, and possibly (likely) a lightsaber battle outside, since today is the first day since before Christmas we've had a Master Replica shipment of new lightsabers come in. Very exciting!  It's Friday night! Get your geek on! Come out and play, and see if anyone  dresses up  as  Pregnant Amidala ! (Did I mention she is the first pregnant action figure EVER made?) See you there?
0	TODAY SUCKED! I MISS LEAF SO MUCH...AND I WISH ZACK WAS HERE..THIS LITTLE BITCH WANTS TO BEAT ME UP SHE THINKS THAT I'M A WANNA BE WHORE..AND I'M NOT WHY THE HELL WOULD I WANNA BE THAT! SOME ONE JUST KILL ME NOW I'M SO SICK OF THIS....I WANT TO JUST OD AND DIE NOW! i try to act happy i really do...when i call zack i'm happy but i'm still sad inside..he said he will take me away..i hope it happens son cuz i'm about to die I'VE PUT UP W/THIS FOR LIKE 4 YEARS AND I'M SICK OF IT..!
1	  My new amp arrives Tuesday   After four months of bitching, Leadtek is  finally  sending me another board! (number four!)   A new  Transformer     Ozric  fucking  Tentacles      
1	Kyoko's diskdrive is working! And I ate WAAAAAY too many cookies. My stomach hurts. O.o; Rippy rippy, whoohoo! Zoo! What the fuck am I talking about?
0	Yep, that's right.  It's pouring buckets, which means I'm going to be stuck in my house tommorow.  Stupid river.  But at least that means snow in the mountains... I might to to Mtn. High on Monday, and that would be really cool.  Went riding today... it was pretty amusing.  My horses were awesome but I found out one of them might need surgery.  Bummer.  Anyways, I set fences for Erin on this psycho horse and it was hilarious.  This horse jumps like 4 invisible fences before she actually jumps the jump.  It's really funny.  I made chocolate chip cookies yesterday and they're still chewy.  How rad is that?  I'm pretty stoked.  Time to revisit WW1.
1	Yes! Bjork is wearing a dress made entirely out of jingle bells.
1	Psycho le Cemu's new look!      I hope they won't be wearing those costumes for PMX.  And their new live set of shows is called  Bad boys, be ambitious !
1	I went 2 Redheads house on saturday and spent the nite!! we went 2 target and saw a really HOTT guy!! it was fun....at nite we turned off the lites 2 her room and we started dancin....we ate like pigs that nite...then we watched bring it on....the next day we went 2 her grandmas house and went online and started messin wit pple..it was great!! after that we went 2 wally world....blockbuster....old navy (where we met this really hott guy ...Sergio!)lol......then we went 2 Dereks house and hung out for a lil while...i found out that he broke up wit his gurlfriend Jolee....im glad he did cuz now we can actually hang out wit out her gettin in the way!! but yeah..besides that it was fun.....derek if ur redin this juss wanted 2 say luv ya!!xooxoxoxox
1	 currently at lao po's house wif vanessa n lao po... hehe so fun~ we baking cookies... haha    okay mayb not mi baking... but i was sorta involved, helping them at times lor.. now vanessa's looking closely at the oven to prevent the cookies frm getting burnt.. haha lao po's upstairs bathing.. we're gonna go out after this... to queensway shopping centre... gonna buy my shoe!! hehe at last i got my&nbsp;ADIDAS bball shoe le... my long awaited moment have arrived!! hehe    i shall end here n go on to other websites while i wait for the rest to finish n we shall leave lao po's hse...    I LOVE U LAO PO!! : )    TO BE CONTINUED... 
1	Well, Dan and Lydia are here.  I taught Lydia how to play beruit, it was very COOL.  We also went to see Sonja's concert, it was a blast.  Dan was halarious.   Now Dan is sitting here singing to me MEEZER songs.  I love it.  Lydia is awesome, dan is awesome, I am awesome.       -Mark Egan
1	Well I have been on my way to find that there is much more to life...than just to sit here, and update everyday...As for right now...My life is balanced...I have about a week and half until I go to WISCONSIN DELLS...and MY BOYFRIEND is comming too!!....I'm so excited...He and I are doing good too...I need a JOB...Cause I'm so broke...I have been lately...Any how I have been thinking about getting a digital camera, just because i want to get myself involved with photography...Its somthing My boyfriend and I can enjoy doing...I miss him...And its been about a month since I saw him...And looking forward on spending 3 days with him...at WISCONSIN DELLS...I promise to take a lot of pictures...
1	So, I finally sent Ellie off to be trained so I could finally ride her without getting injured.  She went up there on August 8, and I went up to see her last Sunday (August 29). I was so impressed with her progress! It's expensive to have her up there, but it appears to be worth it. She's being ridden at the walk, and is willing and calm. I'm going to start going up to ride her after September 18. I can't wait!  It looks like she'll be home sometime in late September/early October. Very exciting!  In non-horse news, it looks like I *will* be going to Superama in New York October 27 - 31. I was going to go, and then another student canceled, which meant I was going, but then one of the other instructors injured his knee and needs surgery, so he won't be going, so my instructor is taking at least one of his other students, so now we're going again. Confused yet? Me too.
0	Yesterday was by far the worst day at work ever.  I came within seconds of walking out and quitting. I hope today is 200% better.
1	I LOVE FEBRUARY!!!!    *IN 10 DAYS kYLE WILL BE HERE    *IN 14 DAYS IT'S VALENTINE'S DAY    *IN 18 DAYS I GET TO GO HOME FOR A VIST     *IN 22 DAYS I TURN 20!    SO WHY NOT LOVE FEBRUARY?
1	I've been getting a lot of warm regards from  you  because my sweetie,       estherchaya    posted to wish me a happy birthday.  I suspect it won't be long before she calls  her friendslist  a bunch of bastards for being smartasses.  And she'd be right.  Crude, but right.  It's strange.  All along I'd thought that   my friendslist   was the highest concentration of bastards on Livejournal.  I guess things have shifted.
1	phantom of the opera was amazing! well the chick who played christine could've been a little better but holy crap... the dude who played the phantom was so good.  :D he almost made me cry:( but that means he was good! what is up with these musicals making me cry? they never used to... then there was J.C.S. and damn... judas was amazing and i felt worse for him killing himself than i did about jesus dying. that's alright. anyway! adios!  ~kenz       ...
1	I LOVE MY MOMMY!!!!  She sent me a lovely care package filled with homemade chocolate chip cookies, halloween treats, and seven new romantic comedy novels!!!! My lucky day, all the things I love most in one box, sugar and faux-reality novels!!! WOO HOOO - it made my day.  I LOVE CARE PACKAGES!!!!
1	Off to France in a couple of hours. Moi dix Mois concert tomorrow night. OMGMOIDIXMOIS.  Shall return on Wednesday... bye for now. &hearts;
0	Mood Swings. They fucking suck. One minute you're ok, next minute you're depressed, 5 hours later you are ok again, next minute depressed again. Bastard of a cycle, thats for sure.  Lonely  Depressed  Forsaken by humanity
1	well, since no one really seems the least bit excited that i got my hair cut off, i think ill let my journal here listen to me. i got it cut, and it looks good. damn good. i like it alot, however, no one else seems to care that i got it cut, it sucks being so goddam alone. but oh well, now that i have gotten out what i wanted to say about my hair, im gonna go shave now.
1	Yay for Cassie! I jumped for joy when I saw her!!!!! ^_^ Shes my favorite character!
1	I did it--I have turquoise hair dye now! Yeah! I can't wait for a time to use it...maybe I could use it for the dance...
1	     What Are You Most Likely to Utter During Sex  by   UMAJohnnie        Name           Sexuality           Age           Most Likely to Say    "Why no, I&#39;m not Jewish."                Quiz created with MemeGen  !       Barry would like everyone to know that this is why he still tolerates me. ::snickers::
1	Several of the trek news sites and Save Enterprise campaigns are citing production sources that  Enterprise has been renewed for a fourth season!   Enterprise was on the bubble, meaning they could have canceled it prematurely just like the original series, and many believed it would get the axe.  I'm excited, as they're now set to set up The Federation of Planets with the remainder of the show, which in my mind is really where it's at.  This season was really good, and the last few episodes have been great.   Tomorrow night is the next to last episode this season, don't miss it!  After that, change the channel to WB and watch the  final episode  of Angel!   UPN is considering moving Enterprise to Friday night in order to free itself of WB's ratings hog, Smallville.  I'd love that as I've always hated choosing which show to watch.   In other news, Karen's family and I are going to watch  Fleetwood Mac  tonight!   Karen is so excited, it's adorable.
0	i'm usually great at saying goodbye. i'm really good at keeping my emotions out of my goodbyes. usually. but tonight's goodbyes were just...heartbreaking, tear jerking, oh i hated it.  no, i'm not talking about my friends or parents or anything (though it's horribly difficult to say goodbye to them too). i'm talking about...my brothers, ages 4 and 5.  the little one asked "when are you coming home? tomorrow?" and i said no, not tomorrow, and reassured him that i'd be home soon.  and the older one gave me a hug and said "i love you," so i said i love you too and kissed him on the forehead. i always thought that when he said "i love you" it was because someone told him to say it. but tonight he just said it, on his own.   then they both gave me high fives and said goodnight.  i didn't want to leave.  
1	 OMG! BEST DAY EVER!!!!!   Veronica Mars has been picked up for a second season!  TODAY IS THE BEST DAY EVER!  (grabbed the link from       wisteria_   )
1	Best. Birthday. Ever.  (AND I got 22 pages done of my 48 page spec. script of seinfeld done in 5 hours. GO ME!)
0	Got pics in the email from       confusedjamesm   , from Italy.  Everything was runnin' along good till I saw the pic of 'Liza on the balcony at the villa, in that bikini.  Made me remember all those feelings I was trying to put away.  I need a beer.  Or ten.
0	Totally forgot I had work tonight.  Was sitting here thinking "I still haven't seen Sin City, really want to.  Wait, no.  Dammit."  *sigh*  Oh well, time to do homework and watch Third Watch.
0	I'm the laziest person alive.. I have so much more work to finish and it's 1130pm.  Plus I am poor..  Found out that esprit.com deducted my money twice, i'm so pissed now that i'm alrdy so poor. I hope they'll do sth about it soon. *fingers crossed*  And Joe just decided to fly to Cali with me.. I was sad I had to fly alone, and now I am even sadder.  Oh and Varsha! You were supposed to be on my side! *roll eyes*  Can a day be worse?!  I miss home today..
1	     he's back, wearing the cute pirate shirt that i got him from japan. it's relieving, it's rejuvenating. we watched grey's anatomy together. he got me a hand-blown glass dolphin from his cruise, and a pretty white gold chain for my birthday. i love reunions.
0	nope i didnt think they would i hate school i hate everything its just gay i hate being home but have no where to escape to  im just here un noticed and hate being like everyone else       peace out and fuck off from me
0	jeez, finally this thing works. lol, im for real yall, ive been tryin to write for a few days, but my entries wouldnt ever go through. so yeah ... camp. camp was good, great actually. it was a lotta fun ... oh, and im brass captain. kewl ay? yeah, i thought so ... tomora's the last day of skewl ... of 8th grade ... of middle school ... THANK GOD!! im really ready to go to high school. as you've heard ... but anyway ... ive gotta sort some things out, so ill write more later, prolly when i get home from school tomora. toodles. =/  ~Leah~
0	what am i doing? strange that it over i don't really want it to be why are you so stubborn...   ...Some of us settle down, some of us just settle...and some of us won't settle for anything less than butterflies...
1	They brought back the CRUNCHWRAP SUPREME at Taco Bell. YES!
1	I am so happy. These past few days have been the best. First I get my cap and gown. then I got a job, never had one of those before, I'm a skating car hop at Sonic,       secretaznman04   , Samantha an my sis got jobs there to. The next day, had Senior picnic, then went to Sonic so Whit. could put in an app. Damion and Ashly were there, haven't seen them in a while. The Dawn showed up, I havent seen Dawn in forever, I'm soooo happy. Yay Dawn is back. Must go now will update later.   Luvs  Jessie
1	 Congrats bardee on lvl 50 :)    &nbsp;    And congrats to myself cause its my birthday :) 
1	My fiance asked me about putting linux on her pc the other day, Ubuntu to be specific. I told her that it was the first linux distro that I had ever called 'user friendly'.  Somewhat curious as to what prompted this sudden and seemingly unusual interest, I asked why she wanted to put it on her pc. And I quote "I'm tired of being a slave to microsoft".  Wow.   (short background on my fiance for those of you that don't know her: 22, art major [ceramics], very into the outdoors and really smart. Very much not interested in tinkering with computers or anything beyond using it to write papers and talk to friends and play the occasional mahjong or solitaire game.)
1	Last night was a good night. It was probaly one of the best nights i have had in awhile. As "Thats It Folks" grows closer i am getting more nervious as to if we are gonna make it, we have a lot to pull together and about 3 days to do so. "Thats It Folks", although it isnt a big play its been a lot of fun to hang with people and perform in the black box theater.
1	  Jessica Rabbit      Who 's Your Inner Sexy Cartoon Chick ?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	!~!~! flowers! !~!~! sunshine! !~!~! 70 degrees! !~!~! Must... remain... focused.... School is easy. Work is hard. I fear people when they are buying stuff, even art stuff. But only sometimes. It is unfortunate that most jobs do not offer flexible hours for the bipolar employees. The vernal equinox is soon,  equal day and night are a kind of balance that is needed now.
1	   Just seeing these pictures of him struting his stuff made me forget why I became depressed in the first place. LOLZ. ;D ;P *singing*             Credit to KensWorld Yahoo Group for the pic and thanks to pepss of      http://s8.invisionfree.com/XTfellows/      for  screencaps and kenforever.com for clips              Credit to aini_ken of KensWorld Yahoo Group and kenforever.com   
1	Doesn't it just make your day, when your sitting at your comp, at 2:55 in the morning, eatting oyster crackers and mildly listening to the excorsist on the tv in background, and reading a throughly more accurate version of the bible when all of the sudden you find Kurt Cobain amongst all the fire, and the destorying and horrible Lot-filled incest. Well it makes mine. Someone bless people who both enjoy Kurt Cobain and Douglas Adams. Appericate bizzare humor and depressing songs. I know I do.  I'm dying my hair fushia pink. How hot is that.   Genesis can be seen here:  http://kupo.rainbow-monkey.co.uk/bi ble/genesis.html 
1	today is the beautiful and talented Severina's b-day, she is a year older than me. and in nine days it will be MY turn!   best wishes to my better half , I love you soooo much! and yes, it is true being poor really bites ass! (I am working on it)        guess all I have to offer is a grand stickin'!!!!                          HAPPY B- DAY SEVY AND DIE HER EVIL TWIN!
1	*LOADs of runing around with eva, jake and sonia... *met up with marie and lil d in silver lake for some mimis cafe.  *embarassing song with the third helping of chocloate mousse cake for thie birthday year.. did i mention that i'm not a fan of chocolate mousse cake? *presents... lovely flowers (dasies!), loads of sweets, old slavey gift card, 6 old time b-movies... (freaks, night of the living dead, allagator man...etc) *loads of giggling!  i had a very nice night and was happy that people that i &lt;3 came out to see me.
1	Pretty good weekend. Dennys and shit with the homies on friday night, worked saturday night till 10:30, then Heather came over. Today just sat around, then went to the movies with Heather. REALLY excited about this weekend.  FRIDAY:           SATURDAY:  
0	The past two days have been the worst in my life.  It is sooo incredibly hard to lose a loved one.  My mother passed away just yesterday afternoon.  I feel like she has been gone for years.  I feel so alone, so sad.  I miss her so much.  I lost my gradfather in january.  My mom was the first person I talked to about it.  She was always there for me, now she is gone... forever.  I still can not believe she is dead.  I woke up this morning and I looked all over the house to see if she was still with us and alive.  But she was not.
1	this lady's gonna be seeing kenny wayne shepherd again in july.  it's a free concert even.  music to my ears.
1	Wow.  I am thrilled.  I went to Figure Drawing today and it was actually good for once.  The fact that I actually liked what I drew coupled with the fact that Professor Forgard actually told me that  he  liked what I drew makes me want to vomit sunshine.    Seriously, I am overjoyed ^_^
1	So, so pretty!  AJ's amazing still, and Nicky just shines more and more, and Howie has a bit more of the high harmony that makes me squeal and my stomach flutter, and Brian supporting Nick on some of the chorus, and Kevin so lovely...  [sigh]  I seriously love this song.  Really.    A million thanks to       simplybeing    and       crossmymind   .  (GIP!  Thanks much,       somanyreasons   !)
1	 One step closer to Jurassic Park   And it's happening at State! w00t!
0	well my pop passed away earlier today, i'm gonna go and cry... tears are shed
0	went to kings dominion today w/ my family and emily, we had fun. i love you ems.  that's about it. not in a really good mood. feel like CRUD. i feel so bad...  uh.. well i'm going to bed.  good night briTT
1	 Packing. Very last minute. Then i am whisked off to turkey days in Williamsburg. Yum! i mean Yay!       HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY LAURA!        YOU'RE FINALLY LEGAL BABY, GO BUCK WILD ^_~        other than that, i'll see everybody Saturday or so. Have a happy Thanksgiving, don't forget to be thankful.    out 
1	My life is doing fairly well.  New stuff first . . . um . . . oh, I've talked to Tora's cousin a couple of times, she seems like a very likable person.  Hmm, what else?  Oh yeah, I gave Andy 50 CDs to burn Anime onto for me, and I'll be getting them back on Friday.  I know he's giving me InuYasha and the new episodes of Naruto, but I wonder what else I'm going to get.  Oh, Tora's phone has been out so I've been forced to rely on AIM and e-mail to stay in contact with her.  And honestly, it's just not the same.  Although it still overjoys me every time I talk to her.  She loves me, and that's the most important thing in the world to me.  I love her.  I really do.
1	----- Oh I'm so sorry I haven't updated in ages!  But I've been working on my new forum!  Yay I love it so much!  If you want to take a look go to  http://www.getphpbb.com/phpbb/?mforum=p inkimoen   I think I've finally got it all the way I want it.  Last night was the finishing touch... new smileys!  Sorry no quiz on this entry.  I have to leave really soon to Denver to celebrate New Years!  Happy new years everyone!  *raises glass*  Wish you all the best in the new year!  I'll update again later in the week with an entry with a quiz, I promise!  Bye now!
1	I've had       frag_    here since Friday, and she really is rather tremendous! She's not a little saucy either I can tell you! I'm  sore ! W00t!  Mum and Dad like her, yes really! I'm absolutely amazed, I was expecting disapproval but no! Winnar!    Bounce!    I hated taking her back to the station, but at least she'll be here next weekend, and for Batfink!       
0	I guess my Grandpa just had a stroke.  He lives all the way in Florida, so this really sucks, cause I have no way of seeing him, or to see if he's ok for another 2 weeks.  I feel awefull about this and I really don't know what to do.  This is quickly becoming a very shitty week.
1	It's snowing really hard! Yay!  I have a lot of work (of course), but hopefully I'll have time to do fun stuff tonight like going traying. I love traying.  I got my first art history paper back and did pretty well on it (although I did get some interesting comments, like "you missed some of the 'art'"), and I also turned in my second paper, so I only have one more paper to write for that class. Writing papers isn't that bad, but I still don't love it. Give me a nice problem set any day.
0	I need a hug.  I feel like a big ol' softbatch squeezebag re-re.
1	Just  look  at that kitten face ;) She was sitting on my desk looking incredibly cute the whole day yesterday, but this was the best shot :)     All together now... awwwww :)        
1	John Milton, from  Areopagitica  "...for books are not absolutely dead things, but do contain a potency of life in them to be as active as the soul that whose progeny they are; nay, they do preserve as in a vial the purest efficacy and extraction of that living intellect that bred them."  Isn't that fucking awesome?
0	                              The Bravery = Overrated.  But you already knew that.  Probably because Brandon Flowers told you.  Bleh to both of them.  Still, the singer does have cool Morrissey hair.                     Tim blew out his amp.  Because Ash rock that hard.  Their set was WAY too short.  Especially considering they were originally supposed to headline the show and they haven't played here for almost two years.  Many people left after they played and I applaud that.  I only stayed because I wanted my money's worth.  Charlotte played barefoot.  It's nothing new, but it entertains me nonetheless.  She's such a crackhead.  And we know the love I afford them.    
0	*Sentimental Entry Alert*. It was really sad to see people leaving halls this morning. Most of my friends have actually just gone home, to their respective countries. It's not that I don't love the few friends i have staying over the holidays, just the group feels incomplete. And I've gotten so attatched to my uni friends, because I live with them!  Halls just aren't the same without them. I can't believe two thirds of my first year of university are over... And I'm shitting myself about my exams. I have a lab to do and fuck loads of tutorial sheets.
1	Just got my LSAT score, I got a 159.  I'm pretty happy with that, considering I signed up like less than a month before the test and didn't study at all.  And it looks like the main schools I would probably end up going to, I scored higher than their median average, so yay!  And I think my GPA is pretty good at a 3.73, so, I'm cautiously optimistic that I will be accepted somewhere.  Now I just need to hurry up and get letters of rec and transcipts sent.    OMG, LESS THAN 2 WEEKS!!!  YAY!!!!  And Jenn!!  You had snow!  Would everyone hate me if I wished for some while we're there?  I'm sure the answer is yes. :-)
0	I can't go on like this. I can't go on missing him and crying over him. I get to a point where I'm doing  REALLY REALLY GOOD.  and then boom. I call him and she's moving in with him. There goes any chance of talking to him. There goes any chance of seeing him. There goes any chance of being his friend. I need to find someone new right now. I just want to feel loved again. Right now I think I belong in the trash, which I do. I'm ugly, mean, stupid, boring. He was smart to cheat on me. He had to get rid of me somehow right?
1	The increase in the number of American cultural references that I now get is scary,  I think I quite like New York.
1	Good weekend. ^_^  2 mid-terms tomorrow. Not too worried.
1	i'm a lable maker. such as "gee, that's my 'Sunday Best' tee." or my "Easter at the White House" pants. or my "see and be seen" undies. it can't be healthy. i think Faith is good for me. i gotttta have Faith. har har. he he. i'm considering writing an essay on my sexual encounters with Tracy Gallagher, Travel Channel correspondent. won't you be my neutron lover?
1	This morning the pachinko place next door to work was blaring New York City Boy by Pet Shop Boys. Awesome!  Last night I was reading some old entries and I was absolutely amazed at how miserable my mom used to make me, on a regular basis, by constantly picking on my weight or my clothes or my skin or SOMETHING. I could never do anything right. I'm SO much happier now that I hardly ever talk to her. It kicks fucking ass. Let's keep it this way!  Today was another fun day at work. Had a really nice discussion about kidney thieves and the differences between Kansai people and Kantou people and Nice Tsukkomi in my Frontiers class. Afterwards I ate at El Torito with Akiko Dai-sensei. My skin is still peeling a little but I put on a little bp anyway-- 2.5% this time. Hiroki emailed me and it was really sweet.  Nothing else to report!
1	OKAY!!! So.  Autumn: 7  Jade: 3  HER NAME WILL BE AUTUMN.  :) And today Autumn had her first bath.
0	Im pretty sure he doesnt want anything to do with me anymore. And I had totally been looking forward to it. Boo. But anyway0 I have gabe written on my face backwards in sharpe and about 500 pictures of adam spatula on my camera and im pretty sure i didnt take any of them. maybe a cardboard box something this weekend. doubtful though. why cant i sleep?  I miss my kitty.    
1	  DAVIS TOMORROW........I'M SOOOO EXCITED!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH      Dood.. the chick i bought the dress from is awesome. She said she isn't gonna charge shipping because it is for my prom. SHe's even gonna ship it priority and was gonna send it out today. YAY SHE IS AWESOME! happy happy joy joy!      Ryan: today was fun.. thanks! (ps...i'm NOT gonna be able to drive the 'hoe)            "The hours unmake our flesh, our bone. The soul is all; and all alone"  
0	P. is on holidays now for  5 weeks .   I'm jealous. I haven't been on holidays for 11 months, with the exception of 5 days off over Christmas and a few long weekends.   It's going to be hard to drag my tired, old carcass out of bed at 6.30am each morning while he gets to lie in bed, work 14 hours a day and come home and be all enthusiastic as he gives me a hit by hit description of the latest round of golf. Jeese. Better practice my plastic smiles now. I know, he deserves it, but fuck I've been working 45, 50, 60, 70 hours for the last 2+ years too.  Eh. Relaxing and fun and happiness and stress-free days are over-rated anyway. You know sometimes it bothers me how bitter I am becoming, but then I take a deep breath and get over it.
0	Yes, I am currently watching the E! True Hollywood Story about Tawny Kitaen.  'Nuff said.
0	He has left early in the morning to visit our Lord, and now it's almost midday. What are they doing?   Elanor doesn't allow me to leave the bed, and sit into the garden, and she has left me after I refused breakfast for the second time. Can't anyone imagine how boring it is to sit or lie in a bed without doing anything? Can't read books, can't concentrate.  And my son - *sighs deeply*. Without being distracted, I can feel what he feels - loneliness, hate against the world, and finally - despair. *bites lip* Oh Calandil, what have I done to you?
1	...yeah we do yeah we do. i didnt meet the girl but last night i found out i have the best friends in the world and i wouldnt want to spend last  night with anyone but them.         bring on the new year!
1	oh man i am so happy to have found a mia community. ive been hanging out in the ana communities and quite frankly i have no one to relate to in there.  im 18 and i've been bulimic since i was 12. i am an underweight bulimic, im 5'2 and i weigh 94. my lowest weight is 69. i have been inpatient 3 times, twice in a medical hospital and once in a mental hospital. my disease has basically ruined my family financially and emotionally. i purge about six times a day and my binges are HUGE. i have a tendency to consume entire packages of things; pasta, cereal, bagels...all in one binge. my parents cannot keep up w/ it. i used to steal supermarkets all the time, but ive been caught twice so ive stopped. people think im one of those cut little girls who can eat whatever she wants and not worry about it. my friends thinks it funny how much i eat.  so this is me, im so glad i found you guys  
1	Hey all.... :) me thought i would return and say hey to peoples on here :) How is everyone? :) me doing really really well :) hehe me still with my MAN! WOOHOO its been 10 months yesterday now :) woohoo nearly a year :) :) me sooooo in love :) me finished college now and i'm working and luving it :) making money and yeah spending it :) woohoo :) its all good though :) hehe! :) well anyways bye for now  PS. if you remember me don't forget to leave a *HUG* :)  Luv ME!!!!!
0	"It should involve homesickness, and loneliness, and cold, and hunger, and fear, and utter despair."    Outside the restaurant today, we heard a kitten mewling in the bushes.  We spent 2 hours trying to coax the thing out, but it wouldn't come.  We finally had to leave.  Otherwise, things are going well.
0	 &nbsp;&nbsp; I haven't really done much the last couple of days. My sleeping has improved, but not that much. I've started sleeping with a pillow supporting both my lower back and stomach. It's helps a little, but not enough to get rid of the pain. I honestly can't wait until June to have this baby because I don't know how much more of this I can take. I really feel like just falling asleep now, but I can't because Calo has the kittens on the bed and I don't want to move them because she might move them back while I'm sleeping. I would hate myself if I rolled over on top of one of the kittens and killed it.     &nbsp; Anyways, this entry isn't very long because I'm just too damn lazy to write.     &nbsp;    ~*Momma Bear*~ 
1	Carol Aileen Wuornos  Sexual predator, murdered at least seven men after offering them  sex for money. Later claimed that they all raped her. Feminists  throughout the world supported her claim.  Since then, Wuornos has changed her story, and admitted that she killed the men to rob them.  Feminists STILL support her, and have even composed and performed an opera about her.  Sentenced to death, held on appeal, she now says she wants to drop all further appeals and be executed.   i love that an opera about her. its really too good.
1	I know,i know i havn't update in a long time but guess what...  I'm in Singapore(of course mark is here also)  Right now i'm using the free internet in the airport. will update more later  gtg  Toto
1	Great day at work today, really enjoyed myself especially flirting with Elliot! Meeting James tmw in town gonna grab some DVD's or something and chat. Been thinking about him ALL day, quite scary.
1	Feds owe me :) State about even :|  I owe Multnomah County :(  So we'll call 2004 a 'meh' tax year.  I have been busy as hell at work, actually turning email off, not just Trillian and my cellphone!  This weekend the fantabulous STELLA is visiting from NYC! Woooo!   This weekend I will relax, maybe play some music? Hurrah!  OK it's only Thursday, but I can smell the weekend, just around the corner...  INTERVIEW tomorrow :D
1	man, i hate being so pale.  today i tried to tan in my backyard for like 45 minutes. then i stopped, then alyssa came over and we tanned for another like 30 minutes. neither did anything to me. but then we went longboarding to main street and i felt the sun burning me. we went to union square and sat in the sun and met with yelena and it was a GORGEOUS day. then we longboarded back home.  so, what do i get out of this wonderfully sunny day? RED SKIN! i'm all blotchy and burnt and sticky from aloe vera now. how come i had to get my mom's irish/english skin instead of my dad's greek skin?! ugh, so annoying.  oh well, still had a lot of fun. my mom saw my nose piercing... she just said to take out the tongue ring which is what i expected and was counting on anyway so everything worked out perfect!  what a good weekend. :)  &lt;3, katie
0	   Another day is passing And still there is no word On how your life is going And who is in your world  I pray you will consider These words I write to you I liked you in my life Yet maybe now it's through  I don't want to see our relationship come to an end And I don't want to find our lives standing still  We are moving towards the end And we really ought to wait Because God planted something special Deep within our hearts  I know your life is hectic You are busy all day through My life is busy also But I still think of you  I want to send my love And remind you of these things Just so you will know You mean so much to me   
1	*squeeeee*   Yes, I'm on a car.&nbsp; It struck me as somewhat like grandma in the rocking chair on bevery hillbillies. haha There's actually been a bit of a debate as to whether it is legal to ride around that way...       hopefully, I can post pics of me actually using it soon!    ps.  does anyone want a gmail invite?  I still have all 50.
1	Hello at the moment i am in Germany, and i am having a great time.  I miss my friends and some of the language i am finding at bit hard, but Carolins familly are lovely and so are all of their friends. Today we went to Carolins Aunties house and to the bank where her dad works I really love it here, but i can't wait for the gruppe trip tomorrow. I am actually finding it hard to write in English and keep typing German words, plus the keyboard is totally different!   Anyway i'll write again soon. Luv ya all Kara_kicks xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
1	    Well, I haven't seen the last 4... but I downloaded last week's and it was good.  Maybe it was just me, but it reminds me of the last season  OC .  SO good.  (And now that Alex and Lindsay are gone... I never could like those characters.)  I don't mind the new Trey, though.  He doesn't seem "prison" enough, but, eh.  He can throw an Atwood Fit (TM) to perfection.    And CALEB.  You badass.  And I thought he was going soft for a while.    "And you told Cohen because you knew it'd get back to me." "Within minutes."  Hee.  XD  I feel bad for Zach, though.  He's the only new character I really love(d), because he felt more "real."  Aww.  I still don't like Marissa, though.  But... I like her and Ryan being together.  (They're kinda cute.)  (So are Seth and Summer.)  "That guy makes me feel very Jewish."  Hee, again.  
1	 'Cause he (      bonehound   ) does stuff like  this . 
1	I wanted to give a heads up to people that I am booking a Partylite (candle) party on Jan 7th, 2004 and 7:00 pm.  I will start contacting everyone after Christmas or actually at the Christmas Party.  So mark your calenders and take off work that night if needed...it only last about 2 hours total, so you would all be home about 9:30 or so.  Anyways, just a heads up!! ;)  It is a wine/cheese theme, so bring a wine glass for a gift.  There are games and prizes...these candles are awesome, I don't know how many of you have ever been to one of these, but they are good quality.  You have to come and see for yourself.  It is a good time to start the new birthday year w/ gifts for everyone!  I hope everyone will be able to make it...I will send out an invite in a couple of weeks.  ;)
1	Happy birthday       corporealdreamr   . Sorry for being so late in the day. I hope you get lots of JC and such.
1	Can anyone suggest any good boks or websites that explains the main concepts of ellara? I would love to learn more about it and then if I have further questions, pose them here.   But, I have a couple of questions I will ask now, because I would like to hear your personal responses.  Do any of you feel that you have lived in more than one reality/time period?  I am drawn to different worlds and time periods including the fae realm, Middle Earth (the Elves), Greek mythology and Ancient Egypt.  Is it possible to have travelled within and between realms?    Also, for you who have discovered who you were specifically during a certain time period, how did that revelation come to you?  If you don't mind sharing.  I would love to hear your stories.
1	teLLine kAy, 11/08/2004:  Maria Lourdes Castro.. Sounds lyk mexican?u got it ryt!but her  beauty? does she luks lyk one?u better  c her so dat you can tel.hehe my 1st  impression w/ ds igat ws dat she s  a "babe in the wood",but f you get to  know her she is actly sort of  ENGKANTADA sa bukid..y?'coz  everyday this girl dreams of anything  and she lyks to help pipol a lot.kahit  wala na para sa kanya she cud stil giv it  to u..ooopppppppssssss!!! did i  mention "thinks"?sorry let me rephrase  dat what i mean is dat "feels" 'coz this  girl doens't think" that much but she's  more on feeling.She doesn't waste tym  thinking, actly f she felt somthin evn f a  little she'll do it,she basd her decisions  actly on what she feels.w/c s a + ryt?but  cud b a - syd 2. but i'm not sayin dat she  does that all the tym..i love ds girl so  much dat i hate her sometymz.if daku ko  ulo?u wouldn't imagine how big is her  head..but wat can i say she's 1 of d  pipol ive shared "SMILES"
0	I'm pretty sure manic stage = over.  I want to die now. :) WeEeeEee End transmission. rachel
1	This week the General Manager and Assistant General Manager are in New Orleans for a convention.  Since those two are (really) the only people who I have to answer to--this will be a better-than-average week!  Also an ÜBER THANX to       djeternaldarkne    for some awesome music!
1	big laundry night tonight!!! why isnt anyone over here for the big party?!?!?!?!?! ...i did a lot of packin and moving today! got some good things accomplished! now im just eating a few jelly beans... ...soaking in the wings win... ...doing laundry... i cant wait for tomorrow! jam session!!!  jimi hendrix style!!!...well...i wish... anyways...id better go fold some clothes or something... bye bye...bye........bye.
1	happy birthday, professor sprout!!!!!!!  i bet you thought we forgot, but i heard someone talking and did some looking and i discovered you're turning a very special number this year!!!!  i won't say WHAT number, because that would be rude, but it is very special indeed!!!!!!!!  to celebrate, some students have done all sorts of lovely things for you!!!!  the house-elves made a cake when i asked, and neville made you a present, and hermione helped me make a herbology sort of sign to hang up in the common room to celebrate!!!!!  i hope everyone wishes you a happy birthday and many happy returns, professor!!!! you're one of my favorite professors ever!!!!!!
1	I found my old Prisoner Of Slytherin fic ^___________^  *Posts it on the AFF*
0	Ahhhh I'm going to check the shiny new January TV Guide for Les Miz! It would be ever so amusing if it happens to be rerun on my birthday. *wink wink, nudge nudge*    EDIT:  Nope. There is no love. :( It appears that the universe does not, as yet, revolve around me. And funnily enough, rereading it over and over is still not making the words "Les Misérables" appear.  ... stupid TV Guide. *burns*
0	against me! sold out. i e-mailed andrew but i doubt he'll read it in time or be able to do anything. oh well, gainesville on the 31st i supppose.   i graduated today. ok, well i applied for graduation. it's sweet. i think i'm gonna do liberal studies at ucf. or something. i don't have enough money to leave. but AFTER i get my bachelors....san diego here i come.
1	Well today i went stevenage to go shoppin, i went wit my lil bro..we had a good time..all the fit rude boys were out hehe..  well i can say i bought enuf :P..  I got pair of trousers,white top to go with my pink bodywarmer and my black 1 i got aswell,yellow top to go wit my trackie,jus a normal black top,pink belt,another black jacket..ear-ringz i cant member what else hehe  but iv decided what im guna wear 2mora..my white top and pink bodywarmer and black trousers i got..  Im lookin forward 2 tommorow..i always have such a laugh wit Michael :D..  newayz im guna go cant be bothered 2 write neting..  Love ya all Sarah xx
1	the comedy that i did in the spring, editing it into the demo reel right now :) pretty fun to watch myself . well if i may say so :)
0	I'm so stressed out beyond belief. I'm going to the doctor monday to try and fix whatever is wrong with me. Everyone thinks it is funny, but I am so completely depressed about all of this. I've never been faced with anything like this before. I hope everything works out.
0	whoever ive been a bitch to lately, im sorry ive just been so stressed out and my mind hass been going like 120 mph for the past like 5 days. my mom and dad got a divorce today ..wow-a mark in history folks...my grampas in the hospital, my dad doesnt have a job, the house is for sale, my dad found out that i smoke today....yeah so a lot has been going down hill pretty much but thats my crappy life....today i left the house in a huge cloud of anger, but i dropped by mcdonalds and bobby made me laugh and he made me feel so much better hes so easy to talk to for some reason i guess because hes been there done that ??? i dunno but i feel 100 % better...even tho all problems still r left unsolvd:( for now, im jumping into my nice comfy bed! nite &lt;3 for evry one whos felt like this plz comment because i feel like crap and u guys kno where im coming from ttyl peece
1	Wahooo!!  I just got the confirmation/tracking number e-mail that my parts are being shipped!! :O  Hopefully they will arrive sometime next week.   NEW COMPUTER HERE I COME WAHOOOOOOO !!!  Name options have come down to "Starfruit", "Pineapple", and "Papaya". I still can't decide. What I HAVE decided is that the little network I am going to set up between Tomato and New Computer is going to be called "Basket." Ha ha.   Watch them try to deliver it on a day while I'm at school and no one is around to get the boxes and they take them back to the FedEx place and MAKE ME WAIT LONGER. That is the kind of thing that will happen to me.    p.s. fedex has a much smarter better tracking system than ups. 
1	Yippie! I finally came up with all of the money to send off my confirmation deposit for school. I sent it off along with the acceptance letter of the partial scholarship I recieved. So now it's England or Bust. (Or loose a whole shit load of money!!) The only thing I am worried about is not getting enough in student loans. But I don't think that will be a problem and if it is I will just find a way around it. BECAUSE I AM GOING.. DAMN IT! Now I have to go to Jo-anne's and get some fabric for my Luna costume.. (procrastination much) That's cool... It will be fine. Hope to see y'all there! :)
0	...and then the bells rang throughout Rome and everyone fell to their knees and wept...
1	Spent most of the afternoon playing The Sims and painting.  :-D  Alexface should be calling me soon to hang out so WHEEEEE!  I'ma go await such things.  :-D  :-D
0	 I have a lot of reviews here if you all want to see them. Sadly, none of them are very good. The one consistent thing about them is VK is a shining light in an otherwise dismal production. I'll just give you the links for those of us who might want to go to this and not have many preconceived notions.     NY Times      Star Ledger       NY Post      Variety     x-posted a variety of places 
1	Tomorrow night is gonna be off the hook for sure!!  Navigator limo all the way across the border baby!! If you are going to be in Canada tomorrow night, look out because we are gonna tear Windsor up!!!  I'm very excited for that (if you didn't notice)  Things are looking up, but right as they seem to do that, i'll get a random phone call! WHAT??????? I'm sure tomorrow night will begin an entirely new chapter in the on going saga that has become my life!! ANd that sucks! BIG BALLS!!  So i'm gonna go try and get a new car tonight! Wish me luck, I may need it!!  Ok, I have to get back to work! If any of you are gonna be in Canada tomorrow night, hit up my cell sometime today or tomorrow and we can work on meeting up!!
0	i havent written in a while cuz i been very lazy just chillin around my house. on saturday i leave for san fransico.woo-hoo!!!! i just watched the video from camp and i realized that i dont really miss my friends i miss being away from home and havin fun. that sorta depressing but tru.that how i feel depressed and hot cuz my parents havent put da a.c. in yet well thats all she wrote!!!
1	welcome to the apartment  Williams McBettafishie Merlot Elle Vator and Princess Pina Colada   hope you enjoy it here and hope i dont kill ya ;)   pictures to follow soon...
0	Ive dropped myself into some sort of crazy depression again. I dont know why this time.. I think its mommy this time.. shes having her surgery tomorrow, don't know why im freaked about it because this is like a piece of cake compaired to the other ones shes gone through, I cut my hair, short... really short, shorter than krissys and Im freaking out because I am so not used to not having any hair and I thought it would be longer, I mean it looks cute, very Tinkerbellish but it is still freaking me out.. whatever I like it.. i think.. ill decide tomorrow when Im doing it. Im just so so unhappy right now, I didn't do any homework or anything.. ugh its sad.. ever been in the mood to cry and cry and cry for absolutly no reason at all?? Yea thats where I stand right now and it sucks! .. good night :(
0	yup, so the whole plan of me calling you tonight just went right down the fucking shit hole.  and so now i'm probably not gonna be able to talk to you until saturday. tonight i'm gone, tomarrow night you're gone (steph's party. WITHOUT ME!!) its ok, the party is really no big deal to me, its the fact that i wont be able to talk to you that kills me.  everything always works out in the end.   you are my angel from heaven. i love you more then anything.
1	OK. I customized my journal and Mom wants me to get off the internet now, so bye!
1	I don't like the snow anymore.  It was fun for a few days, but now it's all icy and ugly looking.  I have to work tonight, hopefully I don't die fron driving....that would suck, I would miss my friends and family, and my pets.  I had my first day back to Clark.  I was great because I have three people I know in English, and one person I know on Math.  At least I'll have somebody to talk to.  I'm off for now, my pizza is ready for eating!
1	I got my hair cut today, and it's short and flirty I love it! I was so excited when Irma was done. It's so different from before. Yay! It's what I wanted. I feel like I can do anything now. Oddly enough I even feel more mature and sophisticated. Weird how little things like that can make you feel differently. I'm going to see Wimbledon tonight, we'll see how that goes.
1	I'm so excited! The POA DVD is coming out in the US on Tuesday! I have 50 bucks now, so that more than enough to buy a DVD. I can't help myself! I feel like flying over to London and buying one right now. The brits are so lucky! The DVD got released on last Thrusday! I can imagine that millions of British potter-addicts are watching the movie over and over and over and over and over again. Lucky bastads.....
1	Hmmm, long time no post eh? Well, rallied Sat, had some good en's. Played a gig Thursday which wasn't bad! But the best part of the last few days, Angharad's home YAY!! Tis tres kewlio. She boughtaged me a mega lush belt, she rocks big time! Band practice tomoz, shud be kewl. Anyways off to bed now me thinks!! WHEEEEEEEEEEEEE
1	i'm in a good mood.  this never happens.  i went to my friends after school.. we talked.. that was all cool.. went to pep band.. came home.  checked e-mail.  there i had this message: Hey Susie,     Just wanted to say hi.  I needed to tell you thank you for being you.  I  know we're not extremely close or anything, but I like you as a person, and you  are so far beyond everyone else, because I hate them.  Most of them anyways.  So  just letting you know that you're important to me.  Probably wouldn't survive  lunch without you.  Talk to you later.  and i re-read it.  about 5 times.  no ones ever complimented me (for no apparent triggered reason) that much before.  and if you knew this guy, this is one of the biggest compliments he can give.  besides letting his walls down for someone, this is the closest thing.  and i used to like him (he's in love w/ someone else).  i'm so... happy.. what a feeling..
1	   WOOHOO, Sweet 16, baby!  And Coach K surpasses UNC's Dean Smith in all-time NCAA tourney game wins!  I found my old Brita pitcher behind a pile of junk as I was packing today.  I'd been drinking the nasty tap water for so long that I'd forgotten how good Brita-fied water tastes (and yes, I ran the pitcher through the dishwasher and replaced the filter before using it :P)
0	the honeymoon with the new job is over.   whine, whine.    *sigh* back to work...
1	Well... I just took my biology test and did absolutely awesome!! So studying does pay off!!! kick ass!! And now I'm packing so I can go home and see my family and mikey!! Then, I'm gonna take a computer test and off to Wellington I go!! Woo Hooooooo!!  Have a good Vaca everyone!!! Party hardy and eat lots o' turkey!!!
0	Is there anything wrong with me trying to lose weight? People are always trying to give me a hard time on it! What is up with that? M.
0	I got this really nice X-mass present.  It is a nice fitting cap.  Out of all my Chiefs caps I love it the most. My sister gave me a really nice gift.  It means something. It is nice. It fits really good on the old skull.  I drove home like AJ Foyt today so I could be home before they started. Wow did I drive too fast.  So as a Chiefs fan I am sad that the season has come to sad and short end.  But I got this got soft and sweet X Factor cap and I look forward to next year.
1	i had a good day today I got to skip school. my mom asked if i would like to go to school today or go with her to the movies! which would you pick? i picked going to the movies since we were only having the holiday parties today. well g2g chels
1	yup XP hawaii band festival...anyone gonna meet me there? :3
1	  today was SUCH a lovely day!  i just got home...whew...i'm exhausted but it was all worth it :) i'm glad i stuck with my plans   i am officially in love with:  #1...Bryan Gilmer  #2...my NEW shoes!!! (they're absolutely  AMAZING !)  #3...the  sweetest  guy (works at GAP)   God filled today with lots of little surprises everytime things started to go bad all of a sudden something wonderful would happen  ::sigh:: he totally made my day i think God was trying to tell me that there are still a few good souls out there  
0	When you feel like crying, and you don't know why?  I think that's a sign to say goodnight.
1	 Having a best friend as wonderful as my Lady gives me a reason to really enjoy life as a person of the opposite sex.&nbsp; Beautiful weather.&nbsp; In a pleasant mood.&nbsp; Adorable light brown Pug seen at Charter One branch 77.&nbsp; A double scoop of frozen delight at Baskin Robbins yesterday.&nbsp; Badadadadada!&nbsp; I am loving it. 
1	Shows tonight can't wait, just bought a new chinese cymbal and some sticks nad I'm ready to rock haha.   Goddamn what the fuck? fucking montreal canadians losing to tampa bay :(
1	So I'll be nice and put a cut. They're not very long or that indepth.    I'm curious as to what happened with Jack's wife. Divorce? Separation? Dunno. I was very squeeful about Claire and the baby :) Though I do not like Shannon I felt a bit teary when they showed her crying over Boone. Interesting that she made that comment that he would always be around. Obviously planned by the writers, but still interesting. I was shocked by the very ending, however. The next episodes look incredibly good! Lots of suspense. *grin* 
1	  finally...broadband at home. looks like i dun hv to use the office pc 2 upload fotos secretly oredi. the luxury of using the internet while watching tv. bliss~      was feeling quite slpy a while ago. perked up abit when eric says the internet can b used...juz trying out hw it wrks. its pretty weird updating at this hour. duno wat 2 type oso. plus eric is raving abt broadband...gushing at what else he needs to enhance. i guess he is giving my apple n durian strudel a miss.     &nbsp; 
1	Had to help unload approx 350 dining chairs at works warehouse yesterday afternoon.  Me (sales), Kit (company director), Tony (warehouse/stock control), and Steve (warehouse/driver), all trundled down to the off site warehouse and spent near 2 hours manually lifting the chairs off the lorry, and carried then to the far end of the warehouse. And dosent my shoulder know it. Today I am all stiff and achy.  On a positive note, for the princely sum of £70 last night I got a new 24" telly and a full 5.1 surround sound LG DVD player and speakers set. Schweeeeeeet. Currently deafening myself with my WASP live DVD in gloroius 5.1.................................
1	The mighty,    SHOE OF RAGE!      ...and lo, Arkash unleashed the mighty shoe of rage, and many saw it and trembled....for they knew the terrible power of the shoe of rage. And Arkash smote the stupid with the shoe of rage, and peace was restored to the land.    Book of Arkash 25:16   [C]
1	gobblegobblegobble.  Today is the day I undertake my most ambitious endeavor yet as a married woman. My husband and I are hosting Thanksgiving dinner for 12 other people. All with no table. But it should be fun. Very fun. I'll be taking pictures and such. And since there will be so many people, it won't be so hard. Many hands make work light, yes?  I hope everyone has a blessed day of thanksgiving and love and food!
0	I fucking hate you so much! I hate how you make me feel. I hate how we are. I hate how you can do this to me. What did i do to you? FUCKING WHAT IS YOUR GODDAMN PROBLEM. I will never let another person treat me this way. Ever. Go fucking have sex with some stupid slut. I dont give a fuck that "tito gets it at least 5 times a week" and "ben told me that he gets it once or twice a day". then go fuck their girlfriends. yeah that will get me into bed...good plan you fucking idiot.  i cant do this anymore. i cant beat myself up about this anymore. i hate you i fucking hate you so much.  i cant do this.... im sorry  i love you....but its over.
1	SUPREME COURTS OKAYS SAME-SEX MARRIAGES!!!  HURRAY!
1	yeah im going to see interpol whooo hello carlos d.   on a not so excited note poeple at work want a knuckle sandwich. POW!
0	its a good thing i just melted to cool yellow measuring cup
1	I now have a song called "I Really, Really Fucking Hate Led Zeppelin" courtesy of       cannons_at_dawn   . This makes the world just so much better.   Snow White have the potential to become a band I utterly love. They hate  everything , pretty much, an attitude I approve of wholeheartedly.
0	i cant even show possesion cause im too fucking sick there are only so many times to say that ill get better,things will be better  how the hell is that supposed to happen when i keep getting sick i dont know why i have to keep going through this
1	so today is the last day of spring break partying. went to justins round 7 and chilled for a bit. then left cuz ive seen the same cats the whole week...so i went to Dana's to hang out with her and her sister, Sharie. i havnt seen dana in like a month since she moved out of town so it was great seeing her again. haha she and her sister havnt seen me since i lost weight so she was quite surprized lol. imagine being sandwitched between two beautifull sisters...oh yeah..hahaha. so anyways tonight wasnt bad at all and spring break was pretty sweet too. me, harry, and justin have sworn off that dirty ass  Crystal  when spring break ends...today pretty much. im optimistic i`ll follow through with my resolution.    LIVE FAST! DIE YOUNG! PARTY HARD!  
1	Does anybody remember that lil bad boy? I sure do, and looking back on it, its embarrasing as hell. Check it out for some in-depth videogame reviews and life-altering insights into my life! However, for the amusement of all, I am going to suggest a little game of sorts, where everyone visits my site and tries to find the best possible quotes they can find. There are lots of hidden gems located within the text of that page, so get on, start diggin! If anyone needs any clarifying as to what some of the stuff in my old blog means, please feel free to ask.  All I have to say is, What the hell was I thinking?
1	I had the loveliest time with Terry yesterday. He was such a gentleman- it was quite a nice surprise. Er, not that I thought he wouldn't be, I just- Oh! Foot, mouth!  I'm a little embarassed- I forgot for a moment about the difference in Muggle money and regular money, and was taking out some sickles to pay for the records I wanted to buy. Terry rescued me, though, for which I cannot thank him enough. I think the store clerk thought I was weird or something.  Ooh, and we had lunch at the cutest little cafe! They had these lovely sandwiches. I simply  have  to go there again sometime. I never knew there was such a place in Brent!  Oh, and by the way, Terry- You looked quite dashing yesterday, in case I forgot to tell you.
0	Back in Chapel Hill after T-day.  Thought I'd copy my favorite Luckovich cartoon from the past few weeks:   
1	So well, my paid account has expired and i'm not going to renew it untill i get my own computer with net access but i don't mind! It only really means ui have less icons!!  Today i'm going to see my granparetns in the morining: the post coming out visit since my mum outed me to them! Gawd! This should be okay, granny and grandad sounded okay in the phone to me which was okay!  I'm, seeing Sloan today! OH YEAH!!!   Emmo and Lewis moved! I know this is old news (well lewarse anyway) but its a big deal to me!!  I'll give a better update later, but heres a something that i vaguely remember! chris and rachel phoning me at 4am! Always fun! More later people!
0	I am very sad that the pope is dying.  It's catholic thing.  the man did some great things even if you don't i agree if his views (i did not believe in some of them)  It just seems like lots of people are dying this week.  Johhny Cochren, Terri Shivo, frank perdue (yes the chicken guy), comiden Mitch Hedberg, My aunt beatty. I know of at least two other people who have lost family this week.  its almost like st peter was trying to get the regular people whose time was up in first before the pope.  Apparently there is going to be alot of pomp and circumstance when he gets there and he didn't want cause too much of a back up at the gates.   My prays, love and support go out to thoses who lost loves ones this week.  I feel your loss.  May the Pope die with dignity and little or no suffering.  Amen.
1	Yey! So I had a fun weekend! And then I ditched my morning classes to study for my art history exam, which turned out to be well worth the ditching since I wouldn't have known any of the paintings otherwise. I think I rocked that test! Then, I took a nap that made me feel better, and after I woke up I managed to get a ticket to see Wilco tomorrow night even though it's sold out! And I am excited about my critique in ceramics tomorrow, because the bust ended up turning out way cooler than my original ideas were! Maybe sometimes misbehaving clay is ok because it ends up forcing you to change your idea into something that is actually much better looking than what you were mad about when it first starting doing things that you didn't want it to do!
1	The Red Sox are going to the World Series!!! That is one of the most exciting, maybe the most exciting game I have ever watched! But I think Marty does not agree because he fell asleep during the first inning. Ok he woke up every time a run was scored, but then right back to sleep, I do not blame him though, he was very tired.  Anyway, I was very excited and could not sleep so I called my friend in Boston and we talked at each other for a little bit, he was watching the game at a bar and it was so crazy there I could barely hear him, but that was nice, to hear people so excited about it, it was a good feeling.  I am back in my apartment in Prague right now, and it feels really good to be here. It was snowing in Magnitogorsk already yesterday, but here it is not that cold yet, even though certain friend of mine has complained about cold before. He has not complained about cold since I got back though :)
1	We Red Sox fans are so used to wallowing in self pity that we don't know what to do with ourselves now that the Red Sox have won. And what a way to win it!  The last time the Red Sox won the World Series, Woodrow Wilson was president and women couldn't vote. The best Red Sox World Series seats cost 50 cents. Beer was 5 cents, and a hot dog was 10 cents.   On April 11, they'll raise the 2004 World Series championship flag over Fenway Park for the home opener. The New York Yankees will be in the third-base dugout that day. Heh.
1	Oh, and I totally forgot to mention the newest member of our household....  Everyone, meet Abe Froman!       Isn't he adorable? I love my new little betta fish. He's in a super-swank vase-turned-fishbowl I found... It's semihemispherical (which is to say, it's half round,) and I can place the flat face flush against a wall, and I have great plans to make him little dioramas to hang out in so that he can go on vacations.   Look at his pretty colors!       The pictures are links to larger versions. And negligible but noteworthy bonus points if you can figure out what the reflection in the fishbowl is.  Points also for the reference of the name, as well as why it's doubly funny.
1	Ok i've spent alot of time today sleeping and doing homework , i also spent lots of time learning the bass to 'the party song' by blink 182, im pretty good at it now :) Am really looking forward to the christmas holidays now, there going to be really fun me thinks, just 3 and a half days left bye!!!!!
0	Well, I am back online using a laptop computer that I am borrowing.   I don't like my job. It's just too stressful. I just don't have any idea what else I could do. There isn't much more that I could do with a degree in psychology I think. Other jobs in the field pay even less unless I go to get a more advanced degree. And on that note, I think I really do need to get more education, because it feels like I wasted my time in college right now. I am just not sure what to study. I never have been. All throughout elementary school, middle school, high school, college, and until now I have never been sure of what I wanted to do. I don't seem to be particularly good at doing anything useful.
1	Yay,  Sleepy Slug  finally has its new layout! And I went and posted the two skins I hadn't put up on the old layout, and I should have a new one by tomorrow as well. But yay, bask in the coolness of my little javascript menu bar. *hearts*  Now to go post on the yahoo group.
0	Just a snippet of memory that occurred as I read others' posts...  When Iain was a teen, I and my baby, Sianed, lived with him & Mary Ellyn.  Iain went through a period of constantly listening to the Beatles.  Big fan myself, this was no problem.    Whenever we came to "Run for Your Life," though, he would pick up the needle (yes, this was in the days of LPs) and skip ahead to the next song.  What a gentle loving guy.    And I learned that I can do the same -- I don't have to listen to any song just because it's on the album.  So whenever I listen to "Seeds on the Prairie," by Magpie, I just skip Track 4.  I smile.  I always think of Iain when I do this.  Iain, how I miss you.  I love you.
1	Been ages since I've posted. So lets seee.....  Just about everything to do with the house has been finished. All I have left to do is fill out an insurance application. The money for closing is sitting in my savings account, so in 18 days I will be a home owner.   Work is busy busy busy. Had a program review for a program I've worked almost single handedly for the past year. Had lots of bigwigs and I was the sole representitive of our company. It was a roaring success and the prime contractor is sending more work. Also, the Navy may try to jump in too.   Dating the lovely Carolyn and I have made it past my 1 month limit (how long my relationships usually last) Cautiously optimistic.   In a word.  Happy.
0	I can't  believe someone who said they loved me is making me feel as bad as i do right now...
1	so it seems i lied,  i baut  2 new things for my truck. an alpine cd player  and a dvd player.  that should be it tho, ok maybe the xm and the subs but.    me shawn alma and krista went to see hide and seek tonight it was ok, not that freat but not bad, got the cd player installed. and i washed all the salt of.  i think i might go riding tomorow if it is warm i think it is suposed to be.
1	Hi everyone.  I'm new to this community, but not to La'cryma Christi!  I discovered them while in Japan last year and just went nuts over their sound.  They're really something special among the vast expanse of Japanese rock.  Just for starters here, I noticed that there is rather a dirth of La'cryma sites on the net, so I thought I would post a link to my humble site about the band.  It's nothing special, but I do update regularly.  Enjoy!   Night Flight 
0	1. Who are you?  2. Are we friends? 3. When and how did we meet? 4. Have you ever had a crush on me? 5. Would you kiss me? 6. Give me a nickname and explain it. 7. Describe me in 1 word. 8. What was your first impression? 9. Do you still think that way about me now? 10. What reminds you of me? 11. If you could give me anything what would it be? 12. How well do you know me? 13. When was the last time you saw me? 14. Ever wanted to tell me something but couldn't? 15. Are you going to put this in your lj and see what I say about you?
0	Though the Prince has many errands to run  for me, I find this job pretty boring...*sigh*   Like Lord Glorfindel suggested, I kept from asking about a pet, and read all the books he sent me. I still fell lonely though, and sometimes even wish my father would come to talk to me again. But only when I'm _really_  feeling lonely...  At other times I'm glad that he obviously doesn't care about me. I'm almost of age after all. I don't need him anymore.  Actually, I'll be glad if you just leave me alone, father!! I don't need you to make my life miserable!
0	You know what really sucks in life?   When you cry and don't know why.  ::sigh::  I think I need sleep.
1	There's so much to catch up on, but I am at a loss for words.  Sometimes I get the urge to dye my hair...but I'd have to bleach it first, and I don't think that I would like that.  Maybe next summer.  Some turquoisey color.    Today I thought about grabbing people's butts.  It was enjoyable, but a bit odd, since I wasn't around anyone and the only butt to grab was my own.  So I grabbed it.
1	Goin to seattle in august.   got tickets to a concert yesterday.  Metallica, Limp Bizkit, Linkin Park, Mudvayne, Deftones.  I WANNA MOSH
0	lately im so in a bad mood, and people make me feel worst. was raining a lot here and i didn't have umbrella so i was walking under the marquee (i don't know if is right) and people WITH umbrella were walking under the marquee too with the fucking OPEN umbrella. man, this is so wrong. If you have an umbrella please don't walk under the marquees especially with an open umbrella. i feel so better now
0	I feel incredibly lonely and isolated at this moment. I feel like I'm failing. I'm forgetting things and I didn't even mean to. I've been making friends so frustrated with me when that's obviously not my intentions.   I'm pretty sure I might burst into tears again.  I'm so bloody tired still and I have a councilling appointment after school which I'm not looking forward to. I'm not helping anyone by complaining about my life either. I was completely frustated with my art teacher when she tried to tell me this morning that a lot of people were worse off. I get that. I get that a lot of my problems can be insignificant, but does that mean I'm not allowed to be depressed at times?  Bell just rang. Going to Writing Class.
1	and, before i forget: congratulations to all of those orange-scarves who supported yusshenko! on both ends. those who haven't lost their romantic beliefs in freedom of choice when it comes to representation. ukraine has shown us how far behind we are in such aspects. in our face, my fellow russians! i'm simply amazed. thinking of a similar hypothetical situation in russia, would we be able to? yeah, right..  i might be ignorant to a degree, but the way it was depicted in russian media is a fucking joke. it was us vs them, as opposed to any discontent with what went on there during the second round. everyone was to blame - the international observers, the antichrist-gasprincess, the hidden agendas of the west.. okay, now what?
1	To the entire Quidditch team:   Tree ornaments shaped like the players to fly around the tree.   To Anthony, for helping:   A sterling silver quill sharpener. 
0	hella shitty day and i thought it couldnt get worse...  dont u hate it when things happen, and you cant do anything about it?  thanks sarah/matt/sage/syd/john        btw sarah- i decided that this pic was close enough and ur right. the other pic doesnt exist. mwahahahahaha!    
0	 I FOUND OUT MINDY HIT A POLL LAST NIGHT IN HER CAR. I WAS SURPRISED. I HOPE SHE TURNED OUT OKAY. I WONDER WHAT EVERYONE IS DOING RIGHT NOW. PROBABLY AT HOME, RELAXING...WHILE I WORK!!! I WISH I DIDNT WORK ANYMORE. I ONLY HAVE TWO DAYS LEFT. ALRIGHT! CATCH YOU LATER. -JACQUELINE. 
0	Yesterday is a wrinkle on your forehead Yesterday is a promise that you've broken Don't close your eyes, don't close your eyes, This is your life. And today is all you've got now. And today is all you'll ever have. Don't close your eyes.  This is your life, are you who you want to be? This is your life, are you who you want to be? This is your life, is it everything that you dreamed that it would be when the world was younger,  and you had everything to lose?  Yesterday is a kid in the corner Yesterday is dead and over.  This is your life, are you who you want to be? This is your life, are you who you want to be? This is your life, is it everything that you dreamed that it would be when the world was younger, and you had everything to lose?
0	I'm fuckin depressed right now.  Still at work, but can't stand anything.  Almost cried.  l8r
1	One of my friends       renegade_rocker    is DJing a online broadcast and his first show last night was excellent!  So he plays alot of different stuff not just oldies :) good luck bud!  (Info below)  If you're interested in listening to his show here's the info!    Now Renegade's url down below is for both dial up users and broadband users.  http://www.themusicnet.us:7002    Show airs online: Saturdays 7:00 to 11:00 Estern  He's doing a second show!  Sunday at 3:00 PM til 7:00 PM Estern  CHECK which time you are in for your time zone at that time.     He plays anything and everything!  So go and listen to Eddie Renegade's (his name)show!  He does do requests so get them in now before the show!    NOTE: If you are a dial up user click on listen with 24k Stream as it's less buffering and more listen time.  Broadbanders click on the listen with 56k Stream.  ENJOY and check the show out! 
1	I just heard back, and the sallery is definately one that I can afford to live on. NOW! I must find a room or whatever to live in. I'm totally psyched! While we were talking, I asked about starting sallery after graduation, and she said she would have to check a few numbers but that she would get back to me early next week. I said that was fine, and then she asked if I had a number in mind. I said that I wanted to make sure it was around the $40,000 range and she scoffed and said "I can definately say its more than that." And I said YAY! :) I'm such a happy girl! :D
1	     Your LJ Pirate Quest by   rachelthedemon        Username           Favorite Color           Age           Your First Mate    aglami      Your Cabin Boy/Girl    pixelkitten      Your Bodyguard    tracicle      The Bad Guy/Girl    dirkgently79      Your Obligatory Love Interest    ethanhope      The Fanservicey One    deblon      Your Coveted Treasure    BEER!      Number of people you kill to get it    66,536      Number of times you get laid afterward    289               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       Let's not tell Tracy.
1	i'm back after a while... that's me, updating in random times... well, school this week was horrible cause of the mid-terms but anyways...today i skipped school and went to stephen's and hang out it was fun then zack and courtney came to pick us up and went to BK after that we went back to stephen's and after that we decided to drive by the school but it wasnt that fun....went back to stephen's jumped in the pool with zack, left stephen's and came to courtney's...yeah so everyone knows me and courtney are ok with each other now...i'm probably gonna go surf this weekend, its gonna be so much fun, i havent surf in such a long time...i got a hair cut on saturday...i put my posters back in my room walls just like the old times...well yeah, the paper tragedy is gonna play a show on the 26 of february in club ovation(Boyton beach)well i dont have much to say so...  peace
1	i have my own domain name now and i think my site is actually worth going to now. yippee!!! i'm seriously starting to consider opening a shop at my site. i have a few ideas of what i would sell there, but you know the saying, "it takes money to make money"? i don't exactly have the money to buy the supplies to make the things i want to sell at this time. i don't actually expect to make a bunch of money from a little shop that runs through my site. i just want to make things that people like enough to pay for and show of to their friends. you know, to make me a pseudo-famous person/designer/whatever.
0	Well yesterday was my brithday, not one of the best. was just like any other day boring, sides getting a few happy birthdays. to which later in the day i started replying yeah right or what ever to.  Today thou hopefully will be a better day. later hope to get to go see AVP which would be nice. am a big fan of the predatores.  Just wish had friends closer to hang out with, mightn ot feel so down then.
0	popped 3 vitamin r's today... my fasting didn't last that long tho.. but i shall give it one more try.   i miss joe, i haven't seen him in a couple of days. i hope things will change by next week.
1	this is nice I´m not hung over this morning  suprising if you´d count the Long John and coke i drank last night  those are sweet.....
1	Hey kids...   *Art- I love working on my picture!! *Geography- I am such a slacker *English- Jeanne came into my class.. ewwww *Head Start- Read and Such *Lunch- Walked with Vanessa, my love! And sat in Brad's car.. Toward the end of lunch Farron kaot making me grab Alex's ass... =/ *Science- Bitched at people  *Math- Worked *Sewing- Helped Becky pin and Talked to Vanessa!  Today was one of my happier days... I have a feeling I'll be happy the rest of the week..
1	Well tis now friday and frankie should be coming today :D I think I'm going to go to Chester in a bit, to look round the shops before he arrives. Rather excitied now. I think I'm trying to organise a trip to liverpool bars tonight, though dont know which ones yet! So anyones welcome to come.
0	ill never see petey again.... i cant believe he died... man =( this really sucks it happened late thursday night... but i didnt find out till this morning... my friends are taking it really hard... god i miss him...he got hit by a car... this sucks... he was one of the coolest guys i knew..., 26 years old... he life ended short...=( god it hurts really bad... *sniffles*... god i never thought something like this would ever happen... everytime i read something in the news paper bout someone getting killed i never really thought how much it hurt for the people who knew that person to read it... it hurts alot... now i know... i just wish i coulda seen him b4 he died... god... peace out                       ~ RIP Petey, I Will Never Forget You ~                                November 4th 2004
1	i had a most amazing x-mass Jessica got me a mini flask, so i can drink at work (whaha) and my sis made me a custom happy noddle boy shirt  i finaly got my rouder.. so im truly online again =)  and they somehow got me a dremel.. wich iv been looking at getting for about 2 years, but i never got around to...  my aunt gave me 100 bucks.. so i went and got a new check fro my desk.. the one i have at my rents house was too big for this room...  so iv been sitting on a few crates... this is much more cumffy.. also i found i bit of cash so i got a little 4 cup coffee maker ( i really need more coffee you know ) and a half size ironing board... so i can ware my nicer shirts top work again =)  the mates (room) and i had chirstmass after midnight and then i went out to my rents super early in the morning...  all was good.. much food was eatn.. i felt sick.. its was great  how was yours?
1	        ~*Green Earth Sprite*~   Brown wings, green glitter w/ glitter border, and green gems!   Green & white ivy on mid-bar.  ~*Pink & Black Siren Wings*~     Black rose on mid-bar. I actually have another set of these which will be for sale on the site shortly if anyone's interested!   ~*Blue & White Dragonfly Tinkerbell Wings*~    ~*White Butterfly Wedding Wings*~      ~*Gothic Red & Black Siren Wings*~   
1	Muse is coming to Muncie! ^_^  letsgoletsgoletsgo!  :)  I haven't ever been to a concert with you. :P  It's about fucking time. :)  Wiwwy has details.   P.S.  Nancy friended me!  Hooray! :)  *friends Nancy too, naturally*  P.P.S.  I'll make a real update soon.  I promise!
1	My Chemical Romance so kicked ass tonight!!! They're so awesome. Pretty good live, I must say. Too bad not many of the people at the show knew them. We all screamed and sang though. And....I even wore converse. SHOCKER, huh? Yeah, I know. Danyelle made me. I gave in this once, but just this once.  We so met the lead singer of MCR though. Got a pic and a sig. Awesome!!! Got some good pics. Still really excited.
0	I think I'm growing more mentally unstable a day at a time.  I don't know what's really wrong with me.  Meh....I may not be going to IU next year...i can't make up my F'ing mind.
0	Focus - Going to a gaming convention and not noticing that an author you like was at the con while you were, and that you totally missed going to the panel.  See also  clueless moron .
1	I still can't believe it...my husband got promoted!  The higher the rank the harder it is to get to the next one.  We prayed about it and didn't dwell on it anymore, our thing was if it happens it happens.  I always told him that what's for him God will give it to him and He did. *:)* So excited!  I also did some shopping for my baby this weekend too.  I can't wait to dress him in all those little clothes!
1	          I am:    Hal Clement (Harry C. Stubbs)    A quiet and underrated master of "hard science" fiction who, among other things, foresaw integrated circuits back in the 1940s.          Which science fiction writer are you?      
0	No school for me today then... maybe I should go on Wednesday instead then... Well it would seem my party on Friday is canceled. Why? Because no one is coming. Doug hates me I hate Auran Ashley was never coming Cary might show but he's only one person. I don't know what's up with "The Biff" but he won’t come without being prompted. Erin's not coming I didn't give my address to anyone else I invited and I was planning on giving out business sized cuts of paper with my address and party info on it, seemed the easiest way, but Monday was really the last day I should have left that to so not doing it today could prove Wednesday way too late. I could give it a try... but it would probably be a flop.
1	Well, we have a harp visiting us, anyway. We're looking after Gwens big wirestrung harp Heretic while she's off in Singapore, though just until Tim comes to take him (?) away so Annie can actually give him proper TLC and some excercise (since the most I can do is admire the harp and pluck the occasional string - not the kind of thing likely to make a harp accostomed to talented fingers happy.  While we were visiting Gwen, Joe & Gavin to collect said harp (they're remarkably organised and taking remarkably little with them for people going away for 4 months) we also gave them a good laugh by delivering pink towels. Fuschia pink. Really, really pink. She won't be able to miss the fact she now has pink towels :-) My work here is done. The Allcocks have struck. Hurrah!
1	For those of you who have Winamp 2.9x or Winamp 5.x, you can watch streaming Sifl & Olly!  Just open this link in Winamp:   http://205.209.137.180:8000/;stream.n sv   Or check out the media library's internet TV section for SaltWaterChimp.com Sifl & Olly stream.  So far it's been easy to get on to, but that may change if everyone starts watching it.
1	The much spoke-about Mozilla Firefox Two-Page ad is out:       For more details of the ad, or to download a PDF of the same, or even to buy a special full-size poster visit  here .  Have you got Mozilla Firefox yet?       Is it time to proclaim: The web browser is dead. Long live the web browser.   ?
1	Merry X-Mas Everyone!!!  Here's some holiday lovin' from those crazy cats at Team Avenging Simian (in this episode I make my animation debut)    http://www.avengingsimian.com/holiday_s pecial.html 
1	Tim Dwight got signed a one year contract with the New England Patriots! YAY! Not only is Timmy still going to be playing, but he's on a team that more likely than not, I'll actually be able to see that game!  (For those of you who don't know who he is, he's a kickoff returner/wide receiver who played at Iowa City High and the University of Iowa. I actually saw him play in a high school game years ago. He was cut by San Diego last month, and I've been avidly watching transactions to see where he would end up.)
1	elgin CHEATS!!! AHHH! haha eriko: U DO NOT KNOW HOW MAD I AM!!! LMAO!! ok so me and eriko played doubles and elgin cheated about 6 times!! on line calls! AHHHHH! i was so mad! but we won! so we're still UNDEFEATED!!! yes! go us!! and i won in singles!!! :) :) hehehe! yea yea!! so 2day i had something 2 say about school but i dont remember...i was supposed 2 go 2 a dance ensemble pizza party thingy but couldnt cuz of the game...but i went and got my certificate and 'dance' pin...then since i was an officer i got 2 pik out a dance t-shirt! its cool!! hehe!! well gonna go! bye bye!
0	ah! i don't want to be so frustrated with my mom. i never thought i'd say this, but i HATE kevin so much. she has become so pre-occupied with him and it's pissing me off. i feel as if i'm slipping into my past ways of dealing with things and i don't like it. thank god church is tonight so i can meet with jesus and get prayer. excuse me i think i'm going to cry.
0	Ok I'm only making this entry cuz laura is forcing me to. Nothing new really, only 3 more games left in football then thats done. Life still sucks for the most part, barely passing my classes in school, no girl whatsoever and people are finding out about private conversations I have with others. Yeah that pritty much sums it up, lonely ass hell and people are invading my privacy. I think that just about covers it, I hope I find a reason to keep on living soon. Doubt it though.
0	    Parents: Punish drunk driver            Daughter killed in head-on crash      
1	kristen came over and then instead of a movie we went out to diner at the hometown place near home depot  so know what? my free tickits still stand, i just need to get a time and date set up so don't worry  -NeKo
1	i was just randomly chatting with a few frens when i felt my chair which i am sitting on seems to be moving a bit. heard a bit of sound outside but didnt quite bother me either. felt a bit dizzy at the moment and i thought i was just too tired from the full day class. haha  then i log in to LJ and realise there's an earthquake in north sumatra! i really dont expect myself to *feel* it. very very minor, but its really exciting to know i felt a tiny bit of earthquake! haha   TTY, being in KL, felt his building shaking. haha.. must be more exciting for him.
1	Sister pre-orded Scrubs Season 1 and Phantom of the Opera today.  YAY.  Greatness.  Also, apparently when ABC airs CoS on the 7 of May they will be showing some behind the scenes stuff for GoF.  OMGLIKESQUEE.  I shall fangirl the whole 3 hours.  Watch as my HP fangirl comes back full scale.  Speak of GoF, I think I shall go do some re-reading now.
0	I wanted to quit from school. I wanted to commit a suicide. Nothing works with me. Its like someone else rules my mind and body. At least body. I dont know where it all leads me, but I dont like it at all. I am so scared and confused over everything, its so not nice! I dont know whats start to happening.  All I know that I like my new history teacher. I had little talk with her today. She is so cool! I wish someone could help me
1	I feel great...no worries...it's all gonna be okay! :-)         You scored as  Jasmine . You are Jasmine!       Jasmine             90%       Belle             73%       Mulan             73%       Ariel             63%       Cinderella             47%       Snow White             40%       Sleeping Beauty             37%       Pocahontas             17%        Which Disney Princess Are You Most Like?  (thorough!)   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	My sweet, sweet Jereth passed today.  I had called vets today and feel awful that I was cranky that it would cost me $80 to kill my rat (they insisit on an appointment even though I'd be taking him there to put him to sleep).  He  was always a sweet, cuddly if not skitterish rat, and very loving and protective of his cagemates.  That sweet boy spared me from having to make the awful decision to put him down...  He seemed wobbly the last few days and not quite as energetic as usual, but I am comforted that he still seemed to enjoy life to the end.... last night he actually let me pet him inside his cage, and ate the treats I gave him- and last night we was also cuddled up wtih Seraphim....  I mourned his loss over the last several months since I found out he has had cancer, but I'll still miss him terribly  See below pictures of him when he was still healthy- hes he does have one black eye and one red eye (he was an odd eye)                 I miss my sweet rat- and so does Seraphim
0	im so glad today is friday! well today me and ary went to the football game and some tppl met us there it was cool! but like it sucked cause when you pay for somone they should like be nice and not all fucked up and leave and not say bye!!! err im so mad! and some guy doesnt even like notice me!!! err i just wanna die! this fuckin sux!....ary dont worry about tonite! im sorry bout it though! but its gonna get better!!! ur better than him for sure! u deserve better!!! god i jsut wish this nite never happened!!! i thought we could be but fuck did i think wrong!! gosh this makes me so mad!!! and i think like a lot of ppl know and they think im obssesed with the guy i like which im not! god i wish this could just all be over!!! ima move on im done with it !!!!
1	 So Frank and I made our honeymoon reservations, 6 nights and 7 days at the Wyndham in Aruba. We leave the Monday after the wedding and we are completely prepared for many relaxing days on the white beaches and crystal clear waters!&nbsp; I think we are more excited about this then we are for the wedding!&nbsp; If only honeymoons could last one month!&nbsp;     &nbsp;     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   
1	Last day before Con!^_______^  There just so much to do and say and...I'm just so excited!!!  I still have to pack, but evrything's together and ready. I talked briefly to Becca this moring and I know where we're meeting. Did I mention I'm excited?  So packing and having Tris tell Joey he's leaving...that's my to do list for today. But for now I'm feeling lazy so...FMA TIME! (I'm up to ep 3 now)
1	The show last night was hella rad.  Despite a few flubbed sections, I was totally happy with our set.  I'm also happy that we're offically getting more serious now, and are actually saving up money to put out an album and tour.
0	I've erased things I've said over the last couple of days, only because they ruined my life. My suggestion for anyone that reads my live journal. I used this as an out from the world. This isn't who I am and don't base decisions on what I say in my journal. I hope that things will turn around for me. I shouldn't have ever created this journal. This the last time I will be writing in it.
0	My grandmother died this morning at the age of 89.  She was a wonderful person and she was always there for me.  Although I am deeply saddened by her death I take comfort in knowing that she went quickly and did not suffer.  I will be flying out to San Diego CA (from Detroit MI) to attend her funeral.  My grandfather is doing well considering he is also 89 years old and was married to my grandmother for 64 years!  I can’t begin to imagine how it must feel to lose someone after all that time of being with them.
0	i think i finally figured out how to update this silly thingy thanks to nina. i dont really even know her but shes cool. thanks.
0	 I did nothing.    I have nothing to do.    I don't want to do anything...    &nbsp;    &nbsp;    ...........unless he calls. 
1	A few months ago Slaven showed me a beautiful world where a middle-aged man dressed up and posed as peter pan.  He's finally hit it big I guess- I was flipping through the channels and there he was, sitting right next to the Rev. Al Sharpton on Conan.  If you were unfortunate enough to miss this once in a lifetime event you can still go to   http://pixyland.org/peterpan/   That's all.
0	Last night, i was talking to       schnook13    about today's vote in Kansas. Momentarily, we dreamed that Kansas might shed its reputation as a state of bigotry and hate (or conservative "values" as some may claim); as all other states vote to legislate discrimination, Kansas would stand out as the one state who said no.  Then we came back from the land of the crazies, and dared to hope that at least when the new amendment passes, it'll be by less than 70%.&nbsp; Probably still delusional, but optimism helps to maintain sanity.  Edit: I did a news search to see if there were any preliminary results, and i came across the following quote by Kansas Attorney General Phill Kline: "The marriage amendment is an unfortunate, necessary reaction to activist courts,."  Surely you jest.  Activiist judges in Kansas? Come on.
1	HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE! Hope everyone has a safe and great day!!
0	The humans and me have moved to a new home. At first, when I saw all the boxes at the old home, I was very excited, not about moving, but about playing in the boxes. Then the humans started to fill MY boxes up with their junk and that is when it dawned on me... THE HUMANS ARE MOVING!   Well, I got very excited. I thought they were moving and I could have the place all to myself and not have to share my space, my toys, my time, etc., with them.  But I was wrong. They took me with them, dammit!
1	I went on a trip to Munich airport with my dad today.... that was so cool and so much fun... but sadly we didn't fly anywhere (we both like planes and airports and so we looked around everywhere and we also went on a bus tour through the whole airport)    ....and I bought a lovely lovely dress (black covered with huge light blue, light green and white flowers)....  my day was just fantastic today hope yours as well....
1	There is a party at my house today starting after 5, please feel free to come on out, bring food and alcohol if you want to, but we will be providing some goodies:)  Hope to see you all here  Clint
1	Aujourd'hui, pour les derniers jours de beau temps, un peu de sport. Détails sur  Jimah 
1	So I guess in Howell they still listen to the Catholic church about that whole no birth control thing. I can't get over how many 4, 5, or 6 child families there are here.  It's ridickerous.  And they're still middle to middle upper class SES.  How does that work? What are these people doing??  And where do I get that kinda money??  (I notice the teachers here, if parents, only have one or two kids, so obviously the teachers aren't gettin' all the dough).  Just fascinating.  oh yeah, and the mom's all appear to be stay-at-homers or part-timers.  Boggles the mind, it does.
1	There's something about the look in your eyes something i noticed when the light was just right it reminded me twice that i was alive and reminded me that you are so worth a fight.     fuckin' right.    peace 
1	this is the best. brandi showed it to me the other day. go  here . read the last half of the journal entry and then the comment from xeroxicide (brandi). ahahaha. i get a warm fuzzy feeling from all of that. i sold the first ticket to our show yesterday. i'm mailing out two more today. only 32 to go! my motto for today is if i don't think about it, it won't bother me. fun times with aaron tonight. maybe cupcakes with brandi. brandi and i wear the same size. it rules.
0	My websites (including Under Exposure) are all offline now, and it's my fault for once. I haven't had the money in my bank account to pay the tri-monthly hosting bill (all of $30) and since it's a week or two late, they shut me off for that.  It'll be at least a week or so until I'm able to do scrounge up the money to pay the bill and get the sites back online. I hope no one goes looking for anything in the interim.
1	Just wanted to update and wish everyone a happy New Year.  I hope everyone had a great Christmas.  I missed my brother so much this Christmas.  He died on Christmas Eve.  It's been seven years since he died.  It has been a really sad week since Sunday. The last count was a 115,000.  Enough sad stuff, I got some good Christmas presents.  Champagne glasses and ice bucket, DVD game, Candy, socks, Roller Coaster Tycoon 2, Harry Potter figurine, journal, cookies and cocoa mix.  Going to get some sleep like my cat, Sam, now.  Have a great New Year's Eve and I hope everyone's new year is wonderful.
1	me and br!an are seeing my chemical romance this friday (tomorrow) with letterkills i guess? and some other band?  and it's at the loft in ventura? and five dollars?  yeah i'm looking forward to that.  gonna be packed as hell.  ummm come visit me, everyone.  it's really nice up here.  good luck with people rearranging your insides, jewdaniel.  SHANNON&lt;3 you better be able to go to the hangface party thing!!!  maybe i'll start doing homework sometime.  there are some neat pictures on our site: dubdubdub.midniteoverture.com  (for you non-g's, that's www.midniteoverture.com) these were taken in arizona.  yeah, we didn't upload them for like 3 months, what are you gonna do about it? punk?  yeah, that's what i thought.  comment bitches.  i wanna see double digits on this one.  because i haven't seen that in a while.  oh yeah... someone burn me the new cradle cd.  dammit.
0	Lazarus, my darling laptop, has once more been consigned to the tomb.  This time his return may be somewhat less miraculous.  Ah well, it's in the hands of the Geek Squad now.
0	Chris left this morning around 8:30, i went and saw him off, but now he's gone...its really depressing.  Tonite i'm hanging out with ashley cuz she leaves tomorrow at 5 am, im really sad my amazing friends are all abandoning me here in moorpark for the bigger and better.    maybe a party later tonite in t.o. not sure tho. we'll see...  I'm really gonna miss my friends tho, I hate to see them leave...I wish they would take me with them.
0	The whole being away during the election thing is really starting to get to me. I should be running a campaign or at least helping out in some capacity. So far my total involvement has been the scripting and editing of election literature for seats in Lanarkshire and a few hours of telephone canvassing. Gah! This will come back to haunt me.
1	So I went out with       butterandjelly    this afternoon for lunch, a movie, and ice cream.  We saw A Very Long Engagement, which was made by the same people as Amelie (same director and a lot of the same actors).  It was much grittier than Amelie since it was all about a girl who is trying to find out what happened to her fiance who was lost in the front lines of World War I.  I enjoyed it quite a bit, but it wasn't the fun little romantic flick that Amelie was.  Afterwards we headed out to La Gelateria to knock another ice cream shop off her goal list.  You have to love gelato.
1	I just fixed my computer. I have a brand new sound card and that is terrific. Last night I made a montage out of picture that I got from Ashley and that cheered me right up too.   This holiday season is really looking up.  I got a new shirt. It's a must see!
0	I'm depressed I decided to put the Linkin Park on. I need a virtual hug. *hug* Love y'all lots! See you at school tomorrow! ttyl My feelings are overwhelming, I'm getting mixed messages, come talk to me, my life sucks, (generic complaint), and I can't even descibe on here the way I really feel... UGHHHH! -- The Cozs's
0	Yesterday was going so well. In the morning all I had was: -Black coffee -Apple  For lunch all I had was 8 crispy mini's, no-name brand. only 60 cals per 8 chips.  I drank a couple diet cokes, but then...well yesterday was my best friends birthday. you know what that means...cake. dreaded fucking double fudge chocolate god damn cake. only had a small slice, I couldn't be rude and saw, "no, i don't want any cake, even on your birthday."  All you girls are so strong. I'm just a failure and a weakling...   I just want to bawl my eyes out. I don't want to be fat anymore...
1	So Mommy and the big man human put up a big tree in my house, but then Mommy was away for a while, and the door to the tree was all closed up.  But then Mommy came home, and told the Fraggle and me that she was here to stay for a while, and she opened up the room!  And she put more lights and shiny things in our window!  I even got to steal a bow from the tree!  (Mommy didn't like that very much, but  I  did.)  Now she said somethign about wrapping presents, which means lots of neat paper rustling for us to attack!  I mean,  someone  has to teach this silly Fraggle about Christmas!
1	like whoa! it's my birthday! 19! 19 whole years and I am still here. dude...hahahaha
1	hi, i'm new here. i love jimmy x 3736272625272561718393723. heh. my sister and i watched him on leno last night...i was happy that they showed his audition tape for snl. he does great impressions of dr. phil & jerry seinfeld...haha...i couldn't stop laughing. he was really cute on leno, seemed kinda restless & really shy. aw. i love him &hearts;&hearts;&hearts;
0	Being sick is so much fun, I wish I could be like this all the time! Can I come home yet? Please and thanks. I'm changing my journal's name to suit it. =)
0	  The Animal Spirit!      What was your job in a past life? (LOTS of results & Anime Pics)     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	I found out yesterday that my parents had their identity stolen by someone i used to trust and my own brother. This is not what i wanted to find out going into summer vatation, or at all, and i feel that my friends are slowly abandoning me. Nothing has gone right this week, almost lost my job, might have a mild case of epilepsy, but wont know untill my lazy mother calls the doctor, cant afford summer school so, i might get held back soo far, that i can kiss all hopes of a future good-bye.  that it, ohhh, "was i ranting, i hope , my ranting gets raves" - Cpt. Hawkeye Pierce, from the TV series,  M*A*S*H 
1	   I get to see those sweet little d00dz tonight.  Finally, it's been over a year.  Skulls will be cracked fo sho.
0	A cold dark breeze pushes against me... lost souls, dead dreams and crushed hopes... Romantic thoughts and tattered souvenirs of a wish that will never come true... There is no fate that will let my feelings be held... I ask why do I even feel this way... I hate the way I fell flat on my face for you... but by then it was too late... I'm scared that I'll loose anything I had with you by becoming like this... Yet I would give up my life for you... I don't know why I feel so strongly... I don't know why I feel at all... All I know is there's really only one thing I want in this world... and that is you..  To my angel in disguise... forever yours... at least for now.
0	Yoga just...  I was doing fine during all the standing poses, nearly got fully balanced in Toe Pose (Padangustasana?).  I got really deep into everything today...But the floor series...I dunno.  I just got emotional.  And I know that that can be expected sometimes during yoga...but after we finished everything and were finally resting in savasana, I cried.  Silently.  I am in a bad mood.
1	Well isn't that funny.  I might have another chance to go to Washington DC.  My folks have another ticket that they can't use(they can't bear to leave their house for even a few days while its under construction) and it expires on May 27th.  So if I finish finals on the 10th then that gives me nearly two weeks to go screw around.  If I do go on this trip there will be a lot less pressure.  I don't have any colleges to go visit, and I won't feel like I will have to see the whole city in one trip.  Plus, Liv might not have another guest staying with her so I might actually get to sleep in a bed.  Ah, the luxury.  Anyway, if I have any small friends who want to attempt to hide in my suitcase and get a free trip let me know.
1	 One , you're like a dream come true  Two , just wanna be with you  Three , boy it's plain to see that you're the only one for me  Four , repeat steps one through three  Five , make you fall in love with me If ever I believe my work is done, then i'll start Back at  One   i feel like a little child whose life has just begun.. Ohh! You came and breathed a new life into this lonely heart of mine, You threw out the lifeline.. Just in the nick of   Tiimmmeee..!  
1	Rotary Fest is 15-19 June. So, the goal is to fly home that Wednesday or perhaps Thursday and to stay for ten days. Perhaps a little shorter. Seven to ten days sounds good. Who wants to go camping at Warren Dunes with me?
1	 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;        &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Don't forget to watch keane on saturday night live tonight!!!!   
1	Oh man, ok I am on prom committee for school (prom is like in March sometime) and they asked me if I had any suggestions for the theme. They wanted to do a Greek theme because of the Olympics and I said Well since Phantom of the Opera just came out why don't we do a masquerade? And they loved the idea! So that for right now id the theme for prom! I am so happy! And now I have to do some looking around because I want to show up as a mysterious handsome prince *smiles*  lol and yes Michi-san I will take pictures and post them when it happens lol.  Hmm...I was going to put something eles...but I can't think of what..hmm *thinks* I'm starting a new fanfic...two women kind of inspired me..for a fanfic and a painting *smiles*  Well if I think of it I will update but until than...Ja! and Have a good day minna-san!!
1	Yay! So i am happy... i have discussed at short length the coming friday and the South Havenism.  And its actually looking alot better that i might be able to get out and be able to go. This makes me extremely happy.  Another thing that always makes me happy is spending time with Megan Bosch. And i got to do that today. We move various items about her room. (desk and dressers)  Also more good news of the day is the arrangement now of my classes, because i am taking PE II, Drama, and TA for the counseling office. So that should make my days alittle more interesting, to some extent.  ANYHOW thats all for now, i have no work tommorrow. and we'll see how the day plays out. :)
0	I was hoping to be able to spend part of spring break in baltimore, but I talked to my dad tonight, and he said no.  I figured as much, since baltimore is pretty far away from williamsport, but I was hoping otherwise.  Dad said I can't have any set plans for over break because he'll probably be in the hospital at least part of the time and he doesn't know when or where yet.    On a brighter note, my Goethe paper is finished, as is my brain.  Functioning til after break, that is.
0	lol i was playn slap w my friends and my friend went to slap the deck and she hit my drink, which was nestea and rum, and it went all over me and in my eye.  then this guy starts talkin about his friend who is lost in iraq and it turns out to be dan heavner. i really hope he gets home safe, he just married tiffany.
1	To everyone that celebrates, hope you all have a very happy and extra sparkly holiday.        tallories          raaone          sunshine611    thank you for the wonderful holiday cards.       sjrules    thank you for the e-card, you're a sweetie.  and even though I know she won't see this, happy birthday to my mom :)
1	Finally we here in the US get a release date for the Buffy Season 7 DVD. Sometime in November which is good considering Season 6 was only released in May. Also Tru Calling Season 1 is coming out November 30th which is of the good. Now if I just had $120 I'd be set.
1	Ok, i'm excited!!!  A Perfect Circle is playing in Sacramento at the Memorial Auditorium in March on the 31st... and the best part is... The Mars Volta is going to be playing also!!!!! AHHHHHHHH thats sooo GREAT!  I'm soooo excited, bahhhhhhh!!!!  I'm so going to that! It will make up for my Valentines day that I HAVE TO SPEND IN TRAFFIC SCHOOLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!! 7:45AM-4:00PM   But i will have after 4pm for whatever so i guess its not too bad, but i mean after 8 hours of that i think all i'll wanna do is sleep.... or.... anything else at all!  Ahhh YESSSS. Tomorrow.... it is.. how u say, school.  Tomorrow... is DUM Because tomorrow... is .... a day in which i will realize once again that i belong on the outside.  i'm just one person i'm just one person y do i keep believing i'm more then that?
1	Hey guys, not really been up to much recently. Completely snowed under with uni work so thats pretty much all I've been doing.  Went out with Ray, Claire and Laura last nite with a brief appearance from Wee Gem and Dave. Went up to leas with mum and dad before that to watch the fireworks display, so loud! Had a good nite, nice to see Claire again. Off to work a bit later then going to a bonfire night at the place where my dad works so that should be cool. Hopefully I'll see some of you guys soon!
1	I just saw the most adorable puppy.  A Boston terrier, who was about the size of my hand.  He was standing on the sidewalk next to his owner, staring on me, until I went up and pet him.  Then, he nuzzled my shoe and tried to follow me, just staring up with those buggy little eyes.  I swear, if I don't get access to a puppy soon, I'm going to scream.
1	(poem about someone special) Your hair outlines your face     and gently tickles your skin I wish I could be that hair     so long, dark, and beautiful.  Your smile fills your lips     I have been there before Sometimes those lips get sad     and I try to make things better.  Your eyes are deep with passion     as you look into mine I want to live this moment forever     just looking into your wonderful eyes  Your voice is a deep melodic tone     that knows what to say when I am sad It makes my heart beat twice as fast     I wait each day to feel this way  Your love makes me go on     it's my heart's candy and junior mints I don't need it to survive     but I crave the way it feels
1	We're getting our own radio show!  *bounces*  ... I need a new "Nowak's army" icon.  Since EARNIE STEWART (guy in the middle in the icon) LEFT US.  *grumbles*  I also need to find my film with the from the MLS Cup championship celebration.  At which I got sandwiched between Ryan Nelsen and Alecko Eskandarian (entirely not my fault, just a wonderful wonderful accident), got a hug from Dema Kovalenko (any day with a hug from a footballer who looks like Viggo Mortensen is a good day, says I), and got a kiss on the cheek from Jaime Moreno.  ... sorry, where was I?  Oh yes.  Radio show!  Squee!  And!  Season opener is a week from Saturday!  Bweeeeee!  *twirls*
1	1411 down 2589 to go...yeah man! three kids at work today=best day i have had in a long while...job offer to teach gymnastics classes=more money!! im so proud of you megs!
1	  thats right folks, i'm seeing  Bob Dylan at the Beacon Theatre  in NYC on Saturday, April 30th.  have pretty good seats too. ::rocks out::    i'm excited. this will be #4? wow. i've lost count. i think so. and thank god its not at Madison Square Garden, which is where he usually plays when he's in NYC. i fuckin hate stadiums for concerts. but the Beacon is where i saw Steve Vai and all them. and that was pretty awesome show. and an awesome venue. i'm excited. 
0	Well, the break i've been waiting for for weeks is here, finally.  But it doesn't feel like a brake.  The past few weeks have been hell.  "I feel thin, like butter spread over too much bread" or somethin like that.  I thought this would be a good brake, time off from school, some free time.  I need a day to get hyped or somethin cause its not lookin too good so far except for about 2 days.  Christmas isn't one of em.  I feel out of place.  Let me belong here Break my fall
0	THIS ISNT FUCKING FAIR!  IT'S NOT FAIR HE GETS TO FUCKING DIE ON HIS OWN DAMN TERMS!!!  IF I WANTED HIM DEAD HE WOULD BE!! I WANTED HIM TO SUFFER!! I WISH HE WOULD HAVE LIVED... not because he deserves to, but just because he's fucking crazy and should live the rest of his life knowing he has hurt everyone.  if he was gonna kill himself he should have done it before he killed Jessie god damnit!!    i smile and say im ok... but no one really sees me when im upset or angry... not the true me...
0	hmm i'm all about warm weather. so i was thinking and i've decided that i would be way happier if i wasn't here, so i'm going to go a away... far far away, maybe the Michigan, or to virgina to visit my baby doll. i don't know. but anyway i was eating Chinese tonight and my furtion cookie said that i would be healthier and happier if i traveled, so the just confirms it, so off i go in to the world, but i need someone in a car to take me because i'm not all about walking, because that would be really really hard to walk all the way the Michigan, or virgina, maybe new york. i just want to leave.
1	Today was a good, productive one for us: - Planting flowers, herbs, and vegetables in the garden - Doing some much-needed yardwork - Sweeping up the accummulated mess on the patio - Taking the dogs on a good, long walk - Watching one of the less-sucky episodes of "Enterprise" (yeah, there are one or two) - Having chicken and cheese omelets with grape tomatoes on the side for brunch - Watching the DVD for "Being John Malkovitch" tonight - Cooking chicken, pasta, and carrots for dinner with some fun spices thrown in and salad on the side - Not "tapelooping" or obsessing or having to deal with drama over ANYTHING all day long   It wasn't too hot or too cold.  We didn't get sunburned.  It didn't rain.  Overall, not a bad way to spend the day.
0	man it sucks being alone on new years eve. nothing makes u feel like crap more. i wish somebody cared just a little bit about me. i feel like im the worst people ever....i have to be if no one wants to be around me. well happy new to the only person that cares about me ............. me.
0	so i just found out that snow patrol, one of my favorite bands, is playing september 29th at the showbox. unfortunately, i doubt i will be able to go. this is because that is a wednesday night and i will have gone to the keane show that saturday before. so most likely my parents will say no sir. and it's not like they ever come to town, as they are from scotland.  shit shit shit shit shit shit shit.  this fucking blows.
0	Damn it, make it stop.   I'm tired and not in the mood for this. Not at all.    I need sleep. I can't sleep with this going on. Noise. It's distracting. Don't care about lousy music or whatevertheyareplaying.   I hope someone comes in and shuts them up so I can get some peace. Even better, smashes the radio and mangles their bodies so badly they can't even play their guitars! HA HA HA! DIE, venomous scum!  The combination of their noise and my work is making me lose sleep and become very cranky.
1	Something somewhat funny happened a while ago...  I was just sitting at my desk working like usual... and all the sudden I'm hugged from behind... @_@  So I'm going "huh... wha... is my mom here? T_T"  Cause... that's the only person I'd imagine that would hug me. (that lives around here anyway)  I guess the funniest part is that that was my first thought XD;  It turned out to be a girl who use to work in my region, she just wanted to say she missed me.  Aw... Nice person.  :d  I also had a dream about them opening a little caesers that isn't a 20 minute drive from my house.  But they only had sausage pizza.  ;o;
1	I bought a Creative Labs webcam a while ago and then never really hooked it up. (My official excuse was "I need to find somewhere to put it" if I remember correctly.) With the new flatpanel monitor I finally had a perch for it, so I popped it on and then promptly forgot about it...     ...until the amazing       kelly_sue    suddenly popped up with a Live Video Chat request on AIM. Eeeeeeeeeeeek! I get to try it out!     It works great! It's like sitting down and having coffee with a friend who's halfway across the country! Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!           kelly_sue    commented that it's one step away from flying cars in terms of internet coolness and she is so very right. I absolutely love this. So cool. So cool. So cool.     (I promise I'll speak a little more rationally later on, honest. But I'm just so excited that it works and that it's so easy that I'm practically bouncing up and down.)
1	So I went skiing this morning bright and early with the lovely ladies Lynne and Erynn. Was a good time, great day, good conditions, hot females to look, and laugh at. I would just like to say that skiing is just one of the best things to do in life. That's my story, thx for taking the time to see what was on my mind, your a good person.     hollaaaaaa
1	  Heyarrr      Iv not been up to much but stil im gona jst talk about jst now!!...myself, jenni nd heatha r in williaxams house!!....      watchin u got served (such a gd film) even tho william seems to think differently for sum reason!!!...chicks sittin on the floor singin and dancin away! i wana dance.. :c(      now william nd jenni r arguing over music and how william cant accept other ppls music lol, but i go for anythin ;c)       jennis now makin kool noises "meh-eh-eh-eh" ummm yeh i wana dance.      im talkin a load of shit so il update properly 2mor at sum point probs...      take care ppl!!      x x x  
1	Well it's sunny in East County.   And I just looked at the traffic maps for LA and San Diego, and everythings green! Let's hope it stays that way!  I'll see everyone that's going at Dave's show!
1	It's been a really long week.   The badness:   Dealing with getting my TV working.    I found out I had something in collections, and as it turns out, it's because they had an address that was 10 years old for me!  Duh!!  I spent about 3 hours researching the crap.    Dealing with stupid gossip within my OLD friends circle.  And getting blown off twice consecutively by neighbor, Jesse.   The hubby's been working for the last 13 days straight.  And Bradley and Wesley are getting really good at fighting over toys and games.  The word I've heard the most all week is "MY TURN!!!!".  Argh.  The goodness:   I've been hanging with my NEW friend Anastasia and doing fun stuff with our kids.    No one's sick.    Brad's doing great at school.   It's been sunny ALL WEEK!!  Woo-hooooo!  And the most exciting part: The kids are sleeping over at the in-laws tonight, and we're going to play poker at Anastasia's house.  No kids for one night.  Ahhhhh....a break!  I need it!!
0	no not the end as in the end of high school silly, the end of the 2 year long every sunday night tradition of Chem/CEG night...:-(
0	you know, that party over to laura's last night really helped me forget about everything (relationship shit). i just had a flask, drank that down, got drunk, and i was finally un-depressed. i felt good u know, seeing my situation and stuff. but now, i'm back home and i'm once again, thinking about her. it's starting to go away, the depressed emotion.
1	I went to go write an address on an envelope and realized that my pen was missing (not unusual in this apartment)..and I looked over and saw Cozette pawing at the couch...so I lifted the couch up..and no kidding, found a hair binder, a tube of conditioner, a milk cap, a tampon, a few of my christmas ornament hooks and 17 pens!  Ah...pets!
0	i think thats how i'll spend my night. screw school.
0	*sigh* I'm up on about 2 hours of sleep today...my back has been bothering me lately, and I had to work late...and today was supposed to be a snow day...but no, since we had one monday, we couldn't get one today...when the plows are running off the road, it's not fun to drive... I've narrowed down what the title is of the fanfic that I'm trying to find...It's the lost journal of scar...I found an old link to the other one yesterday in a server that hasn't been updated in about 7 years now...  *sigh* I'm trying to contact someone that I have not heard from since Early september...I just got hold of her screen name through someone she knows, as it was a lucky guess of one of the three emails that she forwarded something to... her screen name is 'Prof n MaryAnne' if anyone sees her on, please, let her know that I'm worried about her, she just dissapeared on me...  I just noticed...I've made a whole 36 entries in the last two years...
1	Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince will be released on July 16, 2005. I have just squeed on FAP, e-mailed Morgan, Leigh Anna, Toni, Lara, and Marla, and squeed in my deadjournal. And I'm still excited. Enter the speculation.   And damn, now I've got to write that sixth-year fic I was planning. Yay!
1	I'm so excited. Kelley's first new car! YAYYY!!!! It needs a name i think.&nbsp; If anyone knows how to upload a picture here... i'll show ya'll!
1	   I am 28% Asshole/Bitch.      I may think I am an asshole or a bitch, but the truth is I am a good person at heart.  Yeah sure, I can have a mean streak in me, but most of the people I meet like me.  Take the Asshole/Bitch Test @ FualiDotCom   
1	I cut my hair even shorter today! Boy, I thought it turned out pretty nice!
1	Awesome! The Jimmy Swift Band is coming back to Ottawa August 18 at Maverick's! This band is uber-awesome. If you like jam band music that's almost a combination of dance, disco and rock, you should come join me :)
1	I'm not so hyperactive anymore....which is odd...is it cuz I'm growing up?...I miss childhood already...  Anyway, I beat Ozma on FF9 today! he wasn't so hard...he was a wuss *cough* thank you pheonix for bringing me back to life two times *cough* so yeah...  Anyhow, I think I got a bit more serious. ya know...cleaning your room can go a long way, now..I get angry if theres mess in it..which is kinda scary...  if they ever made a movie about my childhood, they would have to call it " Days Of Insanity "  and I jsut noticed something, I type better when I'm not looking at the keyboard than when I am looking at the keyboard, cool eh?  Anyway I'm off to...*insert her father's crazed laugh here*..O.0; study a bit... bye.  Don't Forget to Feed and Pet you Kitty!   -Cats Rule-
1	I wanna give a big thanks to my sister Andrea and my Bestest friend ever Andie for surprising me last night. The two of them conspired with Alli and Laura and Jennette and took me to the Olive Garden for my birthday, well more like my birthday eve, but all the same. I had no idea, I walk in and they are all sitting there. I had so much fun, thank you all!
1	     thank you for buying dinner for baby thank you for making coffee for baby thank you for making the bed for baby thank you for buying breakfast for baby thank you for making my day....  thank you for making me part of your life..........
0	 http://defunked.net/archives/2004/08/ar gh/   I replied, just because I felt I had to defend myself -- was that too forward of me?  Well it's an old entry, so he'll probably never read it anyway.        Everyone is entitled to their opinion, of course, but I must admit I was hurt. :(  Luv, M
0	Sometimes I fall hard, but time mends bruises and broken bones.
1	      Good day, Mrs. Sofia Patrillo. Lucky you, you have infinite power over others with your cut-like-a-knife wit, even above your daughter Dorothy's. Go make someone cry. Just watch out for Shady Pines!         Which Golden Girl Are You?    brought to you by  Quizilla       I'm so proud! Sophia's my favorite! 
0	"I don't understand this whole business and I wash my hands of it. I am neither an oppressor nor a class traitor nor a revolutionary. I've done nothing. I am innocent of everything." -- Jean-Paul Sartre,  Dirty Hands .  This play should be required reading, with the state that the world is in right about now.  I also am never allowing myself to have one of those instantaneous computer conversation things...ever again. I say the stupidest things.  I'm coming home tomorrow. Very early in the morning.  I've had enough of France.  Right. I need to pack and things.
1	So, today should be pretty interesting. Up at 5:30 to get to work early at 7, work until 3:30 or 4, and then... Deck the Hall Ball!  I'm taking zero chances with the traffic and leaving early. I imagine I'm going to be incredibly tired by the end of the day. But happily so. I just worry about work tomorrow, heh.  Anyway, for those of you that can't go (specifically       pippylynn    and       damnagedgoods    sadly :( ), The End is  broadcasting the show live starting at 6.  Here's the set list:  6:00 - Snow Patrol 6:50 - Keane 7:40 - The Shins 8:30 - The Killers 9:20 - Franz Ferdinand 10:20 - Modest Mouse
1	You know, I hadn't even realized it was my birthday yesterday until my girlfriend was kind enough to point it out to me.  What does that say about me, exactly?  That I'm distracted enough, so much that I forget my own date of birth?  That is very sad.  The party has been postponed until next weekend, as it is a Hogsmeade weekend right now  and I still have to speak with Flitwick, must get on that .  I HAVE AN OWL.  Submissions for a name will be accepted, but until then he will be known as just Owl until either I or someone else picks the perfect name.  I was trying to explain to Hannah that choosing a name for an owl is a serious issue, but she didn't understand it.   I miss Terry.  He'd get it. 
0	 It's just nobody knows baby where love goes But when it goes it's gone gone 
0	 So i had gotten dumped the day after valentine's day right. Well I go to some party last night and guess what I see. The girl is all over this fool that I know. It wouldn't bother me so much if I did'nt end up finding out that they had gotten together before she even broke it off with me. I mean seriously. Even then I would'nt really have cared but she just seemed like she was just doing it to spite me. The girl was all over this fool. No consideration whatsoever for how I felt just standing in the same damn room! Oh well, that just goes to show that girls that end up being interested in me are really only trying to hit it and leave on to the next guy. its good to know I'm so lovable. Sigh, 
1	hey everyone. i just wanted to say that i got a new journal so im not gonna write in this 1 anymore. the new one is... www.deadjournal.com/users/nfgchick17 i haven't gotten it how i want it yet but hopefully i'll figure it out soon. if i cant i might just go back to using this journal. not like any1 cares anyway but just lettin ya know. later.  *Steph*
1	I don't know when I'll write another entry, so y'all have a merry Christmas, a happy New Year, and a great 2005.   - Olie    740-704-3249
1	COME SEE "MURDER AT THE PROM" MARCH 24th, 25th, and 26th IN THE FINE ARTS ANNEX OF FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY AT 7:30PM.  ADMISSION IS FREE, BUT SEATING IS LIMITED, SO ARRIVE EARLY.  HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE!!!  Just something to think about.  D-Caff
1	Tim Dwight got signed a one year contract with the New England Patriots! YAY! Not only is Timmy still going to be playing, but he's on a team that more likely than not, I'll actually be able to see that game!  (For those of you who don't know who he is, he's a kickoff returner/wide receiver who played at Iowa City High and the University of Iowa. I actually saw him play in a high school game years ago. He was cut by San Diego last month, and I've been avidly watching transactions to see where he would end up.)
0	The wate rjust seems to be rising faster than i can throw it out, im finacially broke and cant seem to find another job. The Bitch that makes the schedule that i am cuurntly at seems to think that i can live off of 12 fucking hours. I just got another bill last night which really really sucks. once again im in one of my chronic depressive moods, i think im gonna sell drugs (not really)just souds like a fast money maker. Well i guess im gonna go change my oil in my truck now that it has been replaced, so until my ship of life sinks, shit hits the fan,win the lottery or i see you i hope life is going a million times better for you until next time peace out.
0	in the middle of six hours with someone, it's odd to realize that circumstance doesn't want you to finish previously unfinished business, even if it might make the only thing quite right about being here.  unfortunately, there are drawbacks to being bicoastal.    on a less defeated note, i'm off starting around 6:15 p.m. on new year's day until i fly back january ninth.  a week to do whatever around here-- let me know if you're around.  i'm off nights for the rest of the week, too.  it'll be nice, but i have a feeling i'll end up missing work.  i'm not the type to sit still, and it's difficult to detach from people with whom you spend 40 hours a week.    girls: possible girls' night next friday (the 7th)? anyone game? i have garden state...
0	People are really annoying me and I pretty much want to cut off communication with half the people listed in my cell-phone. I hate fake.
1	I hope everyone is wearing green today! On St. Paddy's day EVERYONE is Irish! =D  So, incredibly psyched that Helen is coming this weekend. Only, I just wish that she didn't have to see me in the state I am. I think I have gained like ten pounds since I've been here in England. Eat eat eat. I feel like that's all I ever do (and sit on my ass for writing). I swear, I  seriously  need to lose like 30 pounds (at least) when I get back home. I would love to be skinny for graduation, but I just don't see that happening. Instead, I think i'll make my goal by Christmas (if I'm lucky). Ever see "What's Eating Gilbert Grape"??? I feel like the mother---a beached whale. Anyway, tonight is the night I drink my troubles away (and then wake up feeling even worse than I did before).....
0	My trip to Sweden in April has been indefinitely postponed. I was looking forward to going, but I don't think I can really afford another week away from work, so it's OK.  Actually, it's OK for a lot of reasons, but I'm still disappointed.   I'm slowly catching up on my television backlog. Let me just say- I love me some Rob and Amber. I'm not ashamed to admit it- I liked them on Survivor, and I like 'em now. They are having fun, and I hope they at least last past all the people being so nasty to them. Don't trust them, even gun for them, but to be such nasty, jealous babies about them? It's embarassing.
0	Dang, I don't know what's wrong with me this whole week but I just haven't  been able to get up on time. In addition to that, people are back from  spring break, so the car pool lot has been full again...  I've been having  to park further from the lot so that adds to my lateness.   *Argh* I'm just upset with myself for not getting my ass out of bed on  time!!!
0	I dont know what I want in life anymore.  I think I make the right decision, and its not...  I cant just leave me and anthony not talking...and I cant just leave everything the way it was.  Maybe it wasnt a good thing to go out with someone else...Im too confused about my own feelings and where I even stand right now.  Fuck, i dont want to hurt him..again.
1	AHHH...  Creative sales are on again!!!  I'm gonna go for their star buys. Juz nice, the Creative Megaworks THX speakers tt I've been eyeing for is on their star list! Also juz nice, 19th - 20th I'm OFF !!  Woohoo~!  I'm gonna line up overnite for tt !
1	working for Blockbuster, we get newsletters and magazines from various parts of hte Entertainment Industry... in one such magazine today, i read about a new DVD!  Fred Rogers: America's Favorite Neighbor will be out in stores on 9/28!! there was little other information on it, other than it's a documentary... but i know i'm excited!
1	Remember ages ago when i said i lost all my piercing stuffs? Well they've been in my wallet the whole time! tucked into an unknown pocket! 4 months they've been sitting there. glad i didnt go out and buy a load of replacements, i was going to :P  Got a work doo this friday, some treasure hunt, with a cash prize and a free meal thrown in too, should be a lot of fun. we all go around in teams around parts of Surrey looking for stuff. I just know we'll get lost, cant wait!  Not much else to say, i'm feeling better than i was before, thanks for the kind comments :)   Oh yeah, i lost the game. I was doing so well, a year and a bit!
0	Yes, today is my birthday and what did I do? Took Nathan to school, came home fed Connor, put him down, cleaned the bedroom, watched t.v., went to pick Nathan up and then went to Plaza Bonita, ate a crappy dinner, came home and am sitting here. I also believe that my own father forgot my birthday. No call from him all day! Even my own aunt who I havent' heard from since September sent me a card. I hate when I have to call someone to remind them that their own childs birthday is today. That is not right. It makes me feel needy, but hell he would forget his head if it weren't screwed on. Oh well every year I go through this. I don't know why its any different. But I did get a sweet ecard from Josh that made me cry. That was the only good thing about today.  So Happy birthday to me!
1	   I think bOINGbOING blogs this every year, but it never stops being awesome:  It's the  World Beard and Mustache Champoinship !   http://www.worldbeardchampionships.com/  
1	Calvin: "Another gorgeous brisk spring day. What a waste to be going to school on a morning like this."  Hobbes: "What would you do if you could stay home this morning?"  Calvin: "Sleep right through it."
1	Well this weekend was kind of a bummer. Friday I went to Maryland with the rugby team. We were supposed to have a tournament but because of the rain it got cancelled. So then we had a scrimage saturday night with McQuaid we played for 20 minutes and then it started pouring cold rain and then it started thundering and Lightning. So that sucked. But Sunday we play Maryland Exiles I got two tackles in that game. Also played the Washington D.C. Ganzaga Eagles which I got at least 4 tackles in and I loved it so much it was such a good time. I was so proud of myslef. We lost the Ganzaga game but they are 6th in the nation and we held up pretty well In my Opinion. So even though the tournament was cancelled It wasnt terrible weekend I cant wait till are next game
0	     These two ugly customers have been arrested by SWAT for threatening officers. They were wielding 9mm sub-machine guns at the scene of a high rish warrant service. Bad move hehehe. Before they could discharge their weapons, a volley of OC pepper spay cartridges caused them to surrender. That had got to suck. Below are images of the arrest...     NOTE: Image may have been edited to make suspects look more pathetic.  As you can see im in SWAT 4 mode at the moment, hehehe.  I slept most of today, before playing SWAT for a couple hours. Then I went back to sleep because I felt sad. Excitement.  Kill Program
0	  I'm just so pissed off with all the call centers that I applied! Today, I'm thinking of stuff that I shouldn't even be thinking about. I'm now trying&nbsp;to play my copy of Ken's album to cheer me up but so far, it's not working. Can someone just stab me right into my heart and get&nbsp;it done quickly?  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
1	Ok I beat .hack//infection everyone.. working on .hack//mutation also Im working on a IRC roleplaying game based on the game/tv series.. I bet there is one out there but I want to make one for myself too:)  http://www.kewt.org/bb/   is the current home for the game:) have fun all:)  XOXOXOXOXOXO Ashly
1	I feel special. NOFX would tell me that I'm not, but in all actuality, I am.  My family is taking me and Jamie out to dinner tonight. I have no idea where I want to go.  Anyone have a good restaurant suggestion? I go to Red Robin all the time, and I want something different.
1	 Ben Lee, 20th May, the Tivoli.  Dogs Die In Hot Cars, 7th May, the Tivoli.   Looks like I'm going to be going back to being rather poor again.
0	   Why the hell do our military's helicopters keep crashing? Why do they cost several million dollars if they keep sucking ass and are poorly maintained? Maybe we need something better, like the updated AK-47 rather than the M-16. Like planes that can take more combat punishment like a MIG. Like helicopters that don't randomly crash even when they're not being shot at.          You scored as  Loner .        Loner             81%       Prep/Jock/Cheerleader             63%       Goth             50%       Geek             38%       Drama nerd             31%       Punk/Rebel             31%       Ghetto gangsta             19%       Stoner             19%        What's Your High School Stereotype?   created with  QuizFarm.com     
0	Becca heard from the guardian ad litem today. He's recommending that Issy go to her grandparents. Looks like all the lies and twisted half truths have done their job. Well, and no wonder, look at what a bang-up job they did raising Jay. I try to give them the benefit of the doubt, that they honestly think what they've done is in the child's best interest. But it's just wrong, so very wrong. It just kills me, of all the people I know who have kids, beck was always by far the best mom. Issy was a happy, charismatic, well adjusted little girl. And she's just not like that anymore, since they took her away.   The final decision has yet to be made, and Beck has asked me to go with her to court. I can still hope for a happy outcome, but my great fear is that's not how things will play out.   Merry Christmas, everyone. :(
0	This isn't going to stop anytime soon, i can tell.  I always can.
1	ONLY TWO MORE DAYS TIL SPRING BREAK!!!!!!!!!!!  well...today i have a butt load of junk to do...finish my chem lab, and chem. homework, nursing class, logic, econ test, and theater....i have so much stuff to get caught up on before i go on break, it's unreal  oh and i finally bought some tanning visits at sun city the other day, and the first time i layed 10 mins and thought my butt was going to go up in flames...lol...yea lets just say they're nice and toasty  friday i have a theater test and then i am leaving for williamsburg with my buddy kate...then sunday we're heading up to philadelphia to stay at her brother's apartment until tuesday, and then we're back to williamsburg (or maybe on wed. i dont know for sure yet), then i am driving back down to wise since joe is staying here and working over break...lol...that's evil i know, but i cant help it :)  HOPE EVERYBODY HAS AN AWESOME BREAK AND PRAY I MAKE IT THERE ON MINE SAFELY...  i'll update when i get back
0	I am very sad. Remember how I said Spike, the fish, was acting weird? Well, I think he is dying. :( He's in one corner of the tank, on his side, almost belly-up, and moving very little. Okay, I just looked over at the tank and he's now swimming around, but strangely. I think he is like fighting for his life. I really don't like how this is looking though. Uh, oh, he's gone back to his corner. I can't tell is he's moving or not. This is tragic, this upcoming week would've been one-month of having him. *sniffs*
0	so.....i pretty much feel icky right now.  i'm stressing about school.  i'm sad.  i was reading some things from a while ago.  that made me sad.  i miss how things used to be.  i really miss alot of people.  i like how i haven't talked to my "boyfriend" at all today..or yesterday really...except for the small amount of time that he was online for and he just pissed me off because of stupid stuff he does.  yeah...  pretty much i think i quit.  i quit everything.  fuuuccckkkkkkkkk.
1	Mya~ hihoo '-' Today was really funny ;O; I finally get Yui-chan to know in reality (my personal Tezuka ?! ;O;) And ... she's so cute and lovley *hug* ;O; And Hotaru-chan/Yuuta-kun .. aww~ so nice to meet you again T_T *happy desu* *anluv*  We really freaked out about Tenipuri/Tenimyu ;O; It was so much fun.. and then we did Pseudo-Cosplay XD; *drooop* how was it ? ... 'they love each other ?' XD;    Tezuka and me ;O; *hug*       Golden Pair dayo XD;    and... how I promised before ^^;;; ...    Mega-Tenipuricosplay @ Leipziger Buchmesse 2005 X_x    Nya~ now I'm really happy that I met so lovley people again. Thank you u two *anlove* ;O;  And now.. i have vacation... 1 week.. yay ;O; finally... i really need this X_x  ja mata ne~ ^^
1	I'm getting some good encouragement for the project at  Raising Kain's forums  so it looks like it's definitely going to happen.&nbsp; Tracy Emin, eat your condoms out.&nbsp; Allah u duckbar!
1	Todays My older brothers birthday..YAY..big number 20..Not a teen anymore! Aw..lol..anyways today hes having some of his close friends over and i'll def! be here..haha..So jen is off for new york..well that was yesterday..13 more days till she comes back..can u believe theres only 7 more days left of school.! wow..ya so i'm going to go get ready to go out..bye   -Foreman-
1	I found some great Labyrinth icons made by       starbrite_icons   ! I'm such a geek... but I do love the movie, and David Bowie, what can I say?
0	Well I found out the funeral arrangements. there going to be tomorrow. I'm meeting dan and brandon up. I'm so scared. It's sad. I've never been to a funeral all by myself. *sigh* I don't know anymore. Paul Brandon Borda and Alan Robert Wells and Jon Pasic where all friends kind of fucked up aye? oh yeah life just gets better and better. 4 people within a year and a half. Brandon and Dan are so depressed because they where best friends. I'm going to be there for them and comfort them . death is so sad. I can sometimes see why people want to die! poor kid.. rest in peace Jon Pasic   Graduated from ADLI STEVENSON HIGH SCHOOL IN 2002!!!!
0	Life is bigger It’s bigger than you And you are not me The lengths that I will go to The distance in your eyes Oh no I’ve said too much I set it up   That’s me in the corner That’s me in the spotlight Losing my religion Trying to keep up with you And I don’t know if I can do it Oh no I’ve said too much I haven’t said enough  I thought that I heard you laughing I thought that I heard you sing I think I thought I saw you try    Every whisper Of every waking hour I’m Choosing my confessions Trying to keep an eye on you Like a hurt lost and blinded fool Oh no I’ve said too much I set it up   Consider this The hint of the century Consider this The slip that brought me To my knees failed What if all these fantasies Come flailing around Now I’ve said too much  I thought that I heard you laughing I thought that I heard you sing I think I thought I saw you try    But that was just a dream That was just a dream
0	  The Scottish selkie was a being who appeared to be a seal, but had the ability to shed their skin and roam the land in human form. If a human were to happen upon the discarded seal skin, he or she could hide it and force the selkie to marry him or her. However, if the selkie were to ever find the skin, he or she would immediately reassume seal form and return to the sea from whence they came, leaving their spouse and offspring on land to forever mourn their loss.  As a selkie, you are a very withdrawn, secretive and somewhat sad person, and those around you find you alluring and mystifying. People who come into your life find it difficult to find the inner you. You are also curious, but you enjoy the comforts of home most of all.      Who is your inner Shapeshifter?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	- after my holiday in Phuket I don't feel like doing anything except hea-ing...  - the stupid honor's project is driving me nuts once again  - saw the Charity Shield match last night; Arsenal won 3-1 yay!!!!!!!!! an exciting match!! juz hope Arsenal can win the Premiership again and get good results in the Euroleague this season la~~~~~~~  - reading academic books is a torture... that's the reason that I still don't bother touching any of the books I've borrowed except the tort law book (and now I don't even want to touch that one now...)  - I wonder y some ppl like to crop their own face out of pics they took with other people... is it because they want to tell us they hate the people they took the pics with? is it because they want to tell us they are egocentric? or is it because they want to tell they are senseless, pathetic idiots?
1	I took this picture a day after i got my digital camera when i was in a taking crappy pictures of everything because i have a new camera phase.  But i wanted something new to look at whenever i check this silly journal.  Does it make you thirsty and/or horny?     if you answered horny to above call me....freak.
1	just umm chilled with ashley. ashley was the downfall of my good journal entries. i think im just gunna stop updating.&nbsp; forever.
0	Early this morning a dear friend of mine died. Most of you probably don't know her...shit, most of you don't even know me anymore, but she was an amazing person and a true friend. Keep her in your thoughts this holiday, and please...please hold the people you love close to you. Don't ever let them go. And above all....be safe. Please, please be safe.      RIP TERRI JOHNSON 1982-2003  GREEN GRASS AND HIGH TIDES FOREVER 
0	It’s confirmed  I leave May 17th Test and in the hospital 18th over night 19th surgery 5 day recovery in hospital depending on how my body reacts. If it’s good I may be out sooner, bad we have a couple extra days there.  It’s been another one of those days. Surgery date My film teacher gave me an extra assignment, that he actually gave me a week for... it’s normally is done of a 2 month span. He said there were some exceptions in the class for people with medical issue's... and to my surprise I'm not one of them... I honestly just wanted this semester to end before a snap... if I talk to this teacher right now I'll just tell him to go fuck himself. I told him I would miss that class, and made arrangement to take the test... and HE didn't do anything, so now I have to do extra work... fuck that.  I need to lay down I'm fucking shaking cause I’m so angry and upset.
0	i hate myself today. maybe that will change tomorrow...but today i do.   i hate the way i have made people around me feel. i hate crying. i hate my desire to give up when things get too hard.   i need to get away...go away. i'm tired of being a burden.   i feel like screaming...as loud as i can...as long as i can.       depression. sucks.
1	Photos of..  My shoes, my nasal hair, my neighbourhood, me and Jo, me making a body building pose in stripy underpants, my gaming set up, me playing WOW, my recent birthday and me being crucified when I was younger to follow shortly but first I think I'll just have one more little game of World of Warcraft :D
0	                         Meet '¤poodles¤'   my adopted    Sea-Monkey!               My draggy! his name is Bob. he plays with himself when no one looks lolz     Get one!            My draggy! his name is dameon!!! tee hee hee! He will eat ur heart!! lmfao     Get one!                                     My name is Serenity! i love everyone        My name is destiny. and i'm cute and ur not hahaahaa       My name is Faith! i love blue! doodaadoodaadoo            grrr relationships suck!!!!!!!!!!! well i'm really tired or the drama i don't know wat to do anymore wat to think who my real friends r anymore????? i'm so confused please everyone and anyone leave a comment if we r still friends or not cause i really am confused (this espcailly goes to Kev-O) okies??? bbyeness  Ur Faith      
1	Ok, I'm reaaally happy... My best friend and me are going to a Within Temptation concert. For everybody out there who don't know Within Temptation, (probably a looot of you...), the are the best Dutch Gothic rockband there is! Ok, we still have to waight till april... *sighs* this is so going to be worth it. (finally they are having a concert somewhere in the neighbourhood!). I can't waight, but I'll just have to... *sighs* Aw well, It'll be worth it anyways... *grins*
1	It's been a week since I've updated *any* of my journals!  I've been very busy *smiles*.  Christopher and I are getting along swimmingly.  I couldn't ask for things to be better.  We've spent every day together since I last posted.  Went for long walks together...ran together...went to the movies together.  I'm such a lucky girl :o) I have the day off today!  We're going to my fav little sushi bar & then we're going running together.  I'll write more later :o)
0	My frogs died this morning.  Or at least one of them.  I did everything I was supposed to.  Plants and spring water.  Sean thinks the other one will be belly up soon.  The cats on the other hand great.
0	I flipped out a bit tonight... All right, a lot. I was  VERY  tempted to burn this bloody journal to a crisp. I didn't, obviously, but damn close.  I told Ginny and Blaise what happened last night... Well I told Ginny. Blaise already kind of knew, as he was there the other night...  She was kinda surprised, but then again, really not. She told me she would have done the same thing Cho did, maybe even a nastier letter. *sigh*  I just want this whole thing to be dealt with. I'm tired of missing Cho. I feel like there might be a little piece of me missing because she's not speaking to me.   She wouldn't even look at me. I tried at all three meals to catch her eye, just to send a little "I'm sorry" smile at her or something... Nothing. Wouldn't even look at the Slytherin table.   I need to go to sleep. Maybe I'll have that dream about Cho again... That way at least I can be with her in my dreams.    ~Draco 
1	As a person who has seen Napoleon Dynamite six times and counting, I feel obliged to share this with all fellow fans:   Apparently, Ligers are real.   I want one.  (P.S. - I really hope everyone gets the "Current Music" thing)
1	Just had one of the funniest double-takes. I caught a glimpse of a poster, dismissed it, re-thought it, turned around, was hit by a door, and almost fell over.   I hate MTV, but they're coming to campus on April 19th...  and bringing  Muse  .   ::hyperventilates and taps foot and waits impatiently to leave work early to go storm Jorgensen and find out when tickets go on sale::   hey, who wants to come with? bueller? 
1	It's sure been awhile since I wrote a message on this blasted contraption! Well now, let me see... I haven't really been doing much of anything. I see Gokou and the rest of his bunch are still hard at training, those boys sure take their work seriously. Hmmm, that Bonk person sure seems like a nice fella..I think I'll go visit him at work one of these days...A lonely old man like me sure does need some company. Eeehehehe, I can imagine it now! Girls, girls, girls! So how about it Bonk, you gonna let a old man like me stop by, and make some friends??
0	Ave atque vale, Chris. Requiescat in pace, et in paradisum dudecat angeli.  I don't know what to say.   
0	Sometimes I just hate my life... (Not that I would do anything bad ever... I'm not that stupid)  I hate being the person with the car... I hate being the third wheel when I'm hanging out with my friends... I hate when people never comment... I hate not having friends that care enough about me to call me once in a while... I hate feelings... I hate thoughts... I hate memories... I hate people who ask what's wrong just cuz theyre trying to be nice... I hate seeing movies by myself... I hate weekends... I hate school... I hate so many things... but I still dont hate being alive...     God I need someone................................. ......
1	I took Susanne here tonight. Had lots of fun. Met a bunch of interesting people (read drinking buddies :) ) and a few nice girls (Xixi, Linda, Toby). Xixi is a web programmer at a development shop in San Francisco proper. Linda teaches French to little kids and is from Montreal. Toby's studying Biotechnology while working at a consultant group for Biotechnology products (read Priscilla's job!). Also, a Briton who designs "Go" lights at traffic intersections. Kumiko was dressed wonderfully as usual. Was so busy meeting people that I couldn't take pictures of anyone. Oh well, hopefully Wednesday, Priscilla and I will go to Kennedy's with this bunch. I did, however, get the feeling that they were a single's club where everyone was sizing each other up. Oh well, we'll see... =)
1	 3 miles this morning - done!&nbsp; yay!&nbsp; i must admit i didn't run at all this weekend.&nbsp; i ditched my long run, i ditched my 5k...no harm done, i had a lot of fun and now i'm back on track.    yesterday was vacation villa with my most favorite miss       donna_chang   .&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;i could stand to do that again today, but alas it is monday, i am at work, and the inhabitants of the villa return from england this evening.&nbsp;     &nbsp; 
1	Good Easter today. My cousins dropped by unexpectedly and that was sweet to visit with 'em. I also rediscovered the joy of chocolate cake with cream cheese icing. Yum. Music teaching went great and I learned how fun it was to assign lots of written homework. Ha.
1	My little Sam is having a baby! I'm very happy  even though it's Jack's , and hope you all hug her when you see her  or I will kick your asses . George didn't fire her and reinstated her... her...  :thinks: .... the father of her child.  :loves George omg!:  This is almost as good as Disneyland. I hope it gets Sam's brains, and her looks and Jack's... :thinks:.... Jack's... :thinks more: ...Jack's popularity with the Asgard.    While I'm on Earth I will be staying with George. I'll hopefully be here more when the baby is born, because grandkids are cute and frankly the Tok'ra don't appreciate me and Selmak as much as they should. There may also be a party at our place  if  when Sam gets married to  that bastard  Jack.    :undignified bouncing:
1	HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!!!! SHadow and Spike. Glad to see that some one out there believes in commitment. I wish you many good years together and Happy times and good memories.!! Also Happy Birthday SHadow. wish I could be there to celebrate with ya but I will see ya soon enough. May you get all you wished for and be in Good Company. *Bear Hugs*
1	hey    sorry not been on in a long time had loads of stuff on like worka nd trainning and shit but been good got some good cash from work which is good.  tranning bin a bit shit but it gets like that.        i just got back from dinner with teddy and liam and his bro and some other lads bin ace ................ me and maxs are good she is in to my biking she push me all the time and i get free hair cut when i want them its great ...    im going away down londaon for the weekend soon to see a mate which will be good and the im going away in feb for 2week with teddy a liam and his bro which will be fucking mint.   i said to my self that iv got to get a road bike soon    and o yer its xmas and i hate xmas it shit and a wast of cash fucking hate it and im working it so i will mack cash for work the day i hate which is good     talk soon
1	Well people...tomorrow I'll be relaxing in Hawaii under my grandma's car-port drinking beer and playing cards.        I'll see everybody when I get back next monday and I'll miss you when I'm gone...especially my ever so lovely Jenna.
1	   Just got back from my soccer game and the mall. We beat Milford 4-1 and I scored for the first time in a looong time which was really awesome. Shannon even got a lil teary eyed for me there! Then I went to the mall to shop for baby clothes for my soon to be cousin which was really fun. Baby clothes are soo cute!  I cant wait for the summer! Carrie and Kate camp is going to be so much fun, and XC is gonna kick ass! Cant wait love you girls!  
0	fuck.  this canada thing is so not going my way.   sigh  for those who actually care bout me leaving,this shud be a good thing.  tata.
0	i havent written in here in months, oh fucking well. Why are people so stupid? anyone? Oh well ill figure it out eventually. I started taking college classes(what are the chances)
1	anyone going to any of the Ellis Paul/John Gorka shows coming up? i bet those will kick ass!
1	my sister sara and i have a date tonight.  chubbys, then polar express! yay!   she rules!  &lt;3&lt;3
0	My wonderful fish... he's either in fish heaven, or else if there is no fish heaven, who knows... but his body is in the Huron River... that much I do know. (I didn't murder him, he was already dead.)  This post is dedicated to him.     His proper name was Galois, but I called him "fish." I bought him from pet supplies plus, and he had external parasites, and couldnt eat cause the parasites were in his mouth. I nursed him back to health, and had him for about a year. I loved him very much. He was cute and got all excited and wagged his fins whenever I got home. I loved him, and he loved me (I think). He died sometime early this morning from unknown causes. I will miss him very very much.     RIP my cute wonderful fish... 
1	So yeah, the Mountaineers beat BC. takin them to the semi's 4 the first time ever
0	ugh... the guy i like...*sigh*  oh well.. i'll go and feel depressed now... but i was so happy! why do i do this to myself?  i wish someone would hug me! KELBY HUG ME!! *tear tear*  i just need to get away for a while! i love you all... i guess  : kristin noelle reger :
1	After promising myself to get a job a month ago, I finally did something about it!   Yesterday afternoon I finally got around to putting my CV out on the IT job sites, and you know what? Two hours later I got a call from a company just down the road from here offering me an interview. Which is today at midday ... boy is this happening fast!  The downside is that after a bit of research it seems they may be a high pressure environment where everyone is expected to work hard and stay late. Now hard work is not always my forte ... we shall see. OTOH, the commute would be a piece of piss! A real contrast to having to drive to Liverpool every day.   Now where did I put that ironing board?
0	     HE DIED THIS MORNING ..........................     
0	Alone for a few hours...I'm going to go cry myself to sleep....
1	       You scored as  Loner .        Loner             69%       Punk/Rebel             63%       Goth             50%       Prep/Jock/Cheerleader             25%       Drama nerd             25%       Stoner             19%       Geek             0%       Ghetto gangsta             0%        What's Your High School Stereotype?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	Somewhere, I found the strength to end it. I didn't ever think that it would come to this point, but I can't blame myself. Something that had the potential to be truly amazing has come to an end, and that is what I mourn most. Once I finally accepted that this was the way it had to be, I couldn't look back. Every other time, I decided that being without him would hurt more than having to turn a blind eye. This time, I decided to stop playing the fool and show him that his painful actions couldn't be rewarded with the continuance of our relationship. I'm going to be a mess for awhile, I admit that, but I can't let that stop me from moving on. Bah humbug.
1	I would like to extend a big fat congratulations to the Mr. AJ Maclean for getting the Janesville Photo Internship this summer ... Woohoo! We could have been carpool buddies if I accepted their reporting internship! : ) That's alright... at least we'll both be sitting pretty in Madison for the summer. yay!
0	I love you all my family and best friends. My S club family :) Good luck in whatever you guys do. I'll always be here for any of you, just me a ring and i'll be by your side.
1	Great song by the way...one of my favorite ones right now.  Well, its finally Spring Break and I gotta say that I am glad.  The trip to England was great and all of that, but it was not always relaxing since we were constantly on the go and all that.  Now I have a week to sleep, eat, drink and be merry play (which means playing video games and enjoying special phone calls).  If any of you folks are around town for the break gimme a call and if I am not being a lazy ass a sleep we should hang out.  HOLLA!!!
1	oh mannn... back online once again! damn computer broke and it took awhile to get it back on. so much has happened since last time i updated! had some b/f drama.. dont really wanna talk about that.. all i gotta say is that i need a new boyfriend.. preferally one boy in mind.. but we can talk about that later... N E ways.. yeah it kinda snowed today but it was gone in like an hour, cuz all we washingtons know that it rains alot, but i dont really care for the snow since ive had to live with in forever in NH but yeah, im done for writing right now cuz i got hw..ill have pix tomorro.. IM me cuz ill b on alot now   laterrrr    -jackie
0	i wont be here for a while because i have bad grades.
1	I'm stoked!!! Just screamed a little in the computer lab. Got my offer from Santa Fe.  Mid-May to July 30th.  Fuckin' a right.   I'm sosososososososososos EXCITED!!!!!!!
0	Free- is all that she could bleed That's why'll she'll never stay White- bare naked in the night Just lookin' for some play Just another girl that wants to rule the world Any time or place And when she gets into your head You know she's there to stay  You want it She's got it Molly's Chambers gonna change your mind She's got your Your pistol  Slow- She's burnin' in your soul With whispers in your ear It's okay I'll give it anyway Just get me out of here You'll plead- you'll get down on your knees For just another taste And when you think she's let you in That's when she fades away  You want it She's got it Molly's Chambers gonna change your mind She's got your Your pistol   Kings of Leon
1	today was an awesome day, although i'm not sure why. in gym, i played margaret's team, and we were running up and down the field, which was fun, because we were involved in the game. i got a point! then i got bored so i started blocking random people. practice was easy today. it was also alot of fun. me and 'osh' have a weird relationship.  i want to go to central park, while the leaves are still pretty.  i keep getting all these college forms in the mail. i'm only a junior, why am i being bothered with all this now?  and for the comment that was left... i want to reply with, there's nothing holding me back. i'm just shy around the people i like. apparently you're not.   "you'll never find it, if you're looking for it." that line means a whole bunch of things to me, and it just inspires me.
0	Well, that was a shitty Valentines Day. I had a stomach virus and I threw up for eight hours. I couldn't even keep Sprite down, so it was mostly violent dry-heaves. I was in bed for about 30 hours and didn't have a cigarette the entire time. When I finally recovered, I tried smoking, but it didn't feel right. I haven't been able to finish one cigarette. Now second-hand smoke makes my nose wrinkle, and I won't let anyone smoke in my room.  It feels like I just woke up one day and I wasn't a smoker anymore.  I've also been feeling sad and I don't know why. I tried getting out today, but it didn't help. And nothing tastes right. Not even Pocky. I don't even feel like cuddling... or being spanked. This is kinda scary.
0	 http://www.nbc5i.com/education/4356 065/detail.html   This is where Levi grew up- he went to school there too for most of his life (until he was a Sophomore & moved to Edgewood)  I lived in Edgewood most of my life which is like 10 mins from Canton, worked at a law office & grocery store in Canton until I moved away!  Levi's sis works at a daycare in Canton and they are on lock down too right now.  This is so scary.  This kind of thing is supposed to happen in bigger towns, not Edgewood/Canton.
0	 I don't even know what that means.    The silent tears are the worst, and they just keep coming.    ABC 
0	im glad i went...my 2nd time at tuckers allllll summer....i didnt get ridiculous...i just went and had a good time and got to say goodbye to alot of people...whatever.  goodbyes are needed....im not going to sit in my house and NOT take up the opportunity to be out when i have 4 MORE days left here....its just not going to happen. i dont care if hes mad...i just needed to go out *sigh* why does he have to get so upset  36cup beer pong---jenny tucker rijad and i KICKED ass twice...and then retired :)
1	So Saturday was actually a pretty good day.  After hours of fruitless searching, I finally found the remaining missles for Metroid Prime 2, so I could go after the final boss(es).  Took me two tries on each boss, but after about half an hour, I beat the game with 100% completion.  The special ending is that Samus takes off her suit.  Pretty lame actually.  I think mostly because she had Japenese features and blond hair, it just looked fake.    Saturday night started out lame, I took a nap at 8pm, then decided to head out to La Terrasse.  Ended up being a very good night.  Happy Easter to those of you who celebrate.
0	Hi, can someone just shoot me?  thanks it will make everything a lot easier.
1	July 16th, 2005!!!!  You know what that means in my world? A whole lot of freaking out!!
1	...it takes exactly 11.5 hours to watch the entire LOTR trilogy from start to finish. Just in case u wanted to kno.
1	Yeah..so I have a reason for not going tonight. And its actually a good one.  I'm now in New York!!! My dad got cheaper tickets for tonight and I had to finish packing in like two seconds and then we were in the airport and on the plane and I didn't get to call anybody. So Craig I'm so super super sorry I couldn't come but I heard from Emma that you did great.  So yes, I'm now in New York in this great hotel room that's all mine, but I'm so super lonely. Tommorow we're going to see the sights and going to a Broadway play, but my parents won't tell me which one yet. :P   But I still have my phone and I'm equipped with copious amounts of money, so presents are coming. I'll be back soon guys!!! Don't have too much fun without me.
1	First of all......I finally bought a new computer.  Its all nice and new.  Yay.    Secondly, I worked one day at the Cades Cove riding stables, then quit.  Im a waitress again.....but I made $700 this week being a waitress so things are looking up.  Also even though my mind is constantly making plans I have no plan right now.     My plan is happiness.  Can you think of a better one?  Thought not.  The key word is travel.    The highlight of my week was seeing Dolly Parton in her welcome back season parade.  I was no more than 2 feet from her.  Her boobs really are that big.    I wish Daisy were here.    The weather is beautiful.
1	  Hotel booking? Confirmed        Bookshop opening hours? Confirmed             House clean             Plants watered               Nothing going critical in the fridge                 Bag packed                  To-do-list for work complete                  Timesheet submitted, out of office auto reply, send calls                  Bottle opener!&nbsp; Don't forget the bottle opener. *note to self*                  Petrol, Oil&nbsp;&amp; Water ok, windscreen clean                  Tragic punk tapes for journey                Ok.&nbsp; I think i'm ready.&nbsp; Have i missed anything?&nbsp; You know, for the overseas trip i'm definitely going to have to write a packing list or i'll forget something.&nbsp; Oooh! Little butterflies - how squeeful.                   &nbsp; 
1	(if i forget names im sorry im to excited to think) brittany ayla lauren ashlie zack frank nick walter jaki molly mandy kiriane (maybe) stacey (maybe) matt genna  freakin excited!!!!!!! hell yes
1	I just did fifteen minutes on the treadmill!  Well, sort of.  I got it up to a certain speed and it gave me an error code and wouldn't stop beeping.  I had to shut it off, start it back up, and keep going.  And, of course, it did it again, so I repeated the process and dropped the speed slightly.  And then it was happy.  But hey, I spent some time on the treadmill!  This is going to be a morning routine for me, I REALLY want/need to lose weight, and I know this is only a small part of what I'm doing, but, it's a start.  Babysteps!  Well, I'm off to face the dreaded (gulp) bathroom scale, take a shower, and figure out something for breakfast/lunch-ish meal.  Yeah, I slept in REALLY late, almost until noon (again).  GOTTA stop doing that.  But tomorrow, I won't be able to, because I need to be at work by 10!  Yes, my REAL job, I'm so excited...
0	I hate pain. Only one good thing has come of me moving to NY, Matt. I can't call him, he's with Jesse and right now that would be too hard for me. I'm calling my mom. I want to sell my house.  ...this is all.
0	Ugh...i didnt go to school...and i wish i would of...I have been crying all day...Me and Mike are just falling apart...He was over at Trish's house today watching porn with her while i was at home alone cryin....Thats not right!!!!!! i dont need to feel this way in a relationship...this isnt going well and i really dont think it will get any better....People agree with me.. ugh... why cant i find a guy that likes to hang out but not hang out 24/7...i need a guy between Mike and Kevin...but im guessing that wont happen...This really sucks..I hate love...i thought when i found Mike it would of changed but it didnt... :(      UGH...
1	     This is the rescued momma kitty, Uma-Ling    This is her son Inman    This is her daughter Clara         I'm going to sell them at Secret Oktober I think    P.S.   CONGRATULATIONS ON BEING A FREE WOMAN HILARY &lt;3! 
1	i heart IHop. last night me estelle adam and sam drove all the way to the other side of brooklyn looking for ralph avenue(somewhere near sheepshead)to get to those unlimited pancakes and french toast. it was fun we got lost so many times. then later i ended up hanging out with patty jer(see jer youre being mentioned) dave and keith for a bit.tonight we're supposed to go to the village to watch the parade. feast bands playing in it tonight...so like that should be fun.o and whoohoo cant forget the Adamms Family marathon on wb today.good stuff.
1	Hm, well now. Tonight has been a good night. I think I'm going to go get some ramen.   And Anko, thank you.
0	Ok, it's time to update my journal since it's been a week. Ok, today I am not feeling very well. I don't know why but I am feeling a little bit sad and I have no idea why it happens to me sometimes. It's not because of coffee effect since I didn't drink one today. So yeah, I am feeling sad for nothing.     
1	Tony Blair  has just announced that there'll be a general election in Britain on May 5th. He was seen grinning, in public (not secretly) shortly before starting his speech outside Downing Street.
0	describe language using non-context phrase-grammar. that is my math project, and my fathers thesis. in a nutshell.   this hair is not raging lilac. or whatever manic panic said it was. it's more of a laventer-mixed-with-feces if you ask me. but i'm no professional.   murcho andi had the same hat today. the fact that this is the highlight and only thing worth mentioning of my day is, in adn of intself, sad. but next time it happens, hes taking his off. not me. first my icon, now the hat. hapumpf.  THE MARS VOLTA AT THE AVALON MAY 10. ALL AGES SHOW!  *faints*  came staggeringly close to deep coversation yesterday.   matt went and got two tubs of ice cream and drakes cakes from stop and shop without spending any money.   matt and i left to watch suicide club,  which we did. and then had sex. and then ended up watching eurotrip. i needed my inhaler from laughing at eurotrip. it was that fucking funny.
0	Dreams never really do come true. Fuck having them, fuck striving for them.  Fuck Life
1	oooo livejournal drama. it gets old, i'm sorry i was somewhat a part of it ( i commented ) i dont understand the ppl who can write such aweful things and not have their conciouse just dripping with guilt all the time.    anyways, labor day weekend..........is............the...... ......best. aside from the other really long holidays. what's better than a three day weekend to help get you ready for school again? today our family and one next door went on a big "fishing trip" (lol, i'm sure i get cool points for this one) which was basically us just walking up and down two rivers, getting wet, and floating back downstream. i had one of those kid flashbacks (younger kid flashbacks, everyone knows i'm still a kid, :)) when you feel like your ten years old again. those were the days. lol. i would write more but i'm FREEZING and its time to eat grilled cheese...    munch.................    munch.................
1	Am really happy right now;         Cause I got an  A  in  Supply Chain!!!!!!&nbsp; Yeah, the same course by Saji, about which  cribbed like hell&nbsp; in my blog before ..... Dunno how it happens,  but I seem to do my best in his courses !!!      Cause I attended a class after really long, and enjoyed it. It  was 'Capital markets and Investment Banking' , taken by a visiting  faculty 'Bigyan Verma', and as it turns out, its a no-load, interesting  course.      Cause I am getting a mess refund of around 1000 bucks, not much ,  but this is the second time in two years, when I am getting back cash,  instead of having to shell out more.      Hope 2005 continues this way!!! 
0	i'm   really   needing someone right now, and that someone is roscoe. no matter how horrible i'm feeling he can without fail make me feel better and like somebody cares about me (which i know people do, he just proves it to me). i'm having such a horrible day- wait, why the hell am i complaining? i just saw hotel rwanda last night and saw all the pain, suffering, and heartache, and now i'm complaining about  my  life? what the hell is wrong with me? guess that just shows how selfish i am...but still...i need to talk to roscoe right now, and i need one of his hugs...or just a hug in general, from a friend...
1	Hi everyone!       elenlaurelin    has kindly agreed to let me post challenges for this community, since I really didn't want to see it expired and forgotten.  So, be ready for a new challenge to be posted on Sunday, and you'll have the week to respond to it. I'm angling to post challenges every Sunday. :)  Thanks again to       elenlaurelin   , and here's hoping this community will be active once again!  -Bess
0	i read a book, and im already started on another one. this "reading" thing is pretty cool. im likin it. its easy to forget about tomorrow, but everytime i see her, i start to get teary eye. its the bestest thing for her, i know. im just really gonna miss her.  i think im gonna go read. later
0	   dear            ,   do i let anyone know i am here? that i hide my words away in a secret and lock them away behind your back? i speak for myself. i am documenting some part of me. does anyone need to know? do i let  you in on my secret?  the hundred most beautiful melodies in the world. xo, oso  also: pony* is real nice and makes real nice sounds that i leave on repeat and forget to shut off.    *pony: new person in portland, in life, cardigans, well spoken, beautiful lips, good friend to kip, straight (though it took me a while, he's so well-spoken!), holding hands with my boyfriend, and really i don't mind because they are the cutest pair. he chews with much delicacy and walks with equal fervor. 
0	I'm about to cry.      ;_________;     In other news, go watch Fruits Basket. It's totally hardcore. Mmm.. cow..
1	Well, i went down to chicago today.....Granted the ride up and back were heinously boring, but i had fun none the less.  Ive never been to the house of blues before, and what better way to experience it but with the Gospel Brunch....Granted it ws 44 bucks, but the food was really tasty.  And, i got an awesome shirt! Its blue with a outline of jake and elwood on it with the words on the top that say "Blues brothers" and on the bottom of the outline it says "On a mission from God"  And then, on the back, theyres a outline of their cop car and "Have blues....will travel"  Its awesome!  Joe's so sweet, this was the best anniversary ever!!
1	Today was almost typical...worked 5-cl although I did get to swim and layout for about an hour.  That part was great!  Umm...there seems like there was something I was going to type about, but now my mind is blank.  Kyle and I watched "Shade" last night and it was surprisingly good.  It's about these guys who hustle poker games and such...lots of twists and stuff.  Kyle's playing Manhunt right now and it's disgusting.  Well, I out of things to talk about...will add more later if I remember...
1	Wow, I have yet to go home, but this will just be a short post to declare that as of yesterday afternoon, my brother entered into wedded bliss and I gained a new sister (and brother-in-law).  The wedding was beautiful, and the following reception was excellent.  I plan to type more and maybe give some more details about the wedding, but I'm on my brother's computer as I write this... not good with this split keyboard.  John should be in Hawaii as I write this.  Hope he hastons of fun.  I'm so happy!  ^_____________^  -Tom
0	         White Mage    You scored 22% physical, 70% magic, 27% versatile,  and 88% good!         You are a very mystical, caring person. You seek to ease the suffering of those around you, and as a result you have a mastery of healing and defensive magic. You are extremely valuable to your team because you can heal people's wounds instantly and protect them from further harm. You are also the bane of the undead, and all foes should watch out when you pull out Holy, the smiting judgement of the gods.                              My test tracked 4 variables How you compared to other people  your age and gender :                   You scored higher than  6%  on  physical                   You scored higher than  94%  on  mystical                   You scored higher than  15%  on  versatile                   You scored higher than  99%  on  good                  Link:  The Final Fantasy Job Class Test  written by  Artscrafter  on  OkCupid Online Dating    
1	FreeBSD has launched a contest for getting a new logo. The Daemon (chuck) we all love is a mascot and _NOT_ a Logo (though it used to function as both till now). The   announcement   has been put on a new   logo contest website   Post your comments   here  
1	!$! ok i just got home and i am so0o tired b/c me n lauryn were up really late.. tonight my brother has a basketball game in delaware i think it is and i am going to watch him play..but listen to this the kid i had a BIG crush on is on my brothers team so..i will be seein him tonight..i dunno i mean i guess u could say i still like him..but hes just too much of a lil kid he is 15 and he messes with too many gurls at one time..i am happy to be outta that sitution..dunno how to spell dat lol..newways i am meeting my good friend tori there n we will watch the game together..but i wish lauryn was comin but he had to chill with eric but we didn't chill with him lastnight thats cool though i am happy 4 her.. neways..i gotta go to the game..ttyl xoxo Nicole
1	Today I discovered that Hershey's is offering a limited edition Cookies and Mint Bar.  Not sure if everyone remembers these, but they are delicious.  They were taken off the market, I guess about 6-7 years ago.  But, for a limited time, they are BACK!  And I am HAPPY!  ::eats massive cookies and mint chocolate bar::  Yum!
1	 i have just had two of the best nights.  last night was dinner at the art museum - where i received two hugs and a referral to MERCEDES!!! fyi - $100/plate also, sweeney's for $3 all you can drink and the night ended at murphs. sean and i = unstoppable at darts   horizontal stripes do not work on morbidly obese people.  goodnight. i love you.  
1	hey~    i have pink eye and i am so tired of it!!!!!i always get it!!!!!i have no clue if i can go to school or not tomorow???anyways today was sooo much fun!!!!after school at play practice i was taking away the set with the curtan close and it was the seen in annie with all of the beds and pillows and sheets..and so i was cleaning up and then one of my best friends Blair started a pillow fight it was soooo much fun!!!!!!! coment to be added!!! ~tay
0	Hey,       delle   ?  You know what I said about 'not crying'?  I take it back.  Damn it.  :(
1	Loran's grass is sprouting!!  It's amazing what becomes exciting when you're a home owner!  Off to watch paint dry...
1	Friday, July 22nd  Billy Talent (woohoo!) Funeral For a Friend  Strung Out (woohoo!) All American Rejects (woohoo!) Big D And The Kids Table  Boys Night Out  Commercials, The  Emery  HorrorPops  Hot Like A Robot  Lost City Angels  Near Miss  Oreon  Punchline  The Starting Line (woohoo!)
0	 Windschaser  has switched servers, which is good. Unfortunately, due in my humble opinion to a certain webhost's incompetence, none of my files were transferred along with it. So we'll be back in a few days, when I've got time to tack down and re-upload my sites. No worries, eh?  Also: I have in fact caught up on reading the  Keep Dreaming  RP, but given that I had to redo that 'back soon' graphic twice due to really lamentable spelling errors, Ryoma won't be waking up until I've slept. And gone to class, since that's rather necessary. --;;;
1	my dress that i get on sunday!  im a happy person :)   https://www.windsorstore.com/catalog.cf m?method=product&product_id=9AC4ED8D-EAB4-4894-81E47C13ED 97F7F9 
1	I'm going home! Sally is going home this weekend and she invited me to come, too! I haven't been home in SO LONG!!! &lt;3&lt;3
1	The mun gave me new icons.  BEHOLD!   That is all.  Please carry on. :D
1	       You scored as  Buffy Summers . You are a very strong individual. You do, however, have some trouble admitting how you truely feel. You've experienced a lot during your life, but you more than manage. Always willing to help, you're a great friend.       Buffy Summers             58%       Rupert Giles             54%       Dawn Summers             54%       Xander Harris             50%       Anya             42%       Willow Rosenberg             33%       Spike             33%       Tara Maclay             29%        Which Buffy The Vampire Slayer Character Are You Most Like!?   created with  QuizFarm.com     Stolen from Frelling's Journal!  yeah, I am like Buffy!  She's my girl!!
0	y100 is no longer on the air. how could this have happened?   Thursday, February 24th    Friday, February 25th   (sorry, you can only see the articles if you fill in your info for philly.com?)  the morning show on the drive to school, the feastival, the feztival, the concerts?!?  so sad.
1	      fireyirishangel   , I hope you have a WONDERFUL Birthday!  Enjoy, babygirl!  ~HUGS~
1	Anyone interested in seeing Sahara (no not in Africa ... already had 1 mix up) this weekend? Maybe a Friday evening or Saturday show?  Its crunch time for school, first exam is on the 23rd and I'll be done on the 26th.  On the agenda until then is:    finishing up the group project (I've got lots of db code to do)   writing the last java assignment (which is huge and assigned today, that bitch)   writing the 2nd stats midterm 5 days before the final exam (yes that's against Algonquin's rules but nobody seems to care)     But its all good, 2 weeks of school hell and then I'll finally be done.
1	well today was good... went to work had a fast day got out of there early :) the after that i had to go to a different store to pick up some cheese went to do that then headed home. I think i'll hang out with my lil bro tonite i havent hung out with him in a good while.  Tomorrow i need to get started on HW and to study next week is finals! i wanna do good in my classes.
1	ok people no longer blow monkee ass... in fact i kinda like people... I am leaving for Ohio tomorrow... yeahhhhhh... sorry im just a lil happy!!! i really on have anything else to say...
1	god doesbnt want merrimack to have a snow day. hey w/e, i want a delay but it aint happening (ya kno... god and all that). today was an oddly good day. i was thinkin about jen all day and wishin i cud be wit her after school and then she kidnaps me and takes me to her house. what luck, eh? hot damn i love her so. yep. so neways, apparently chris and birdy r goin out now. congrats to him (jen needs a restraining order on them tho... very angry lil girl she be). aye, tomorrow shud be interesting, but no worries for me. house-meyers gave my rents my grades already so even if i do horrible they already knew like a few weeks ago so im good and no punishaments shud ensue. i think. i hope. unless i flunk then: "shit". but i dont think i will. i hope. aye. im gonna go watch the tv till morning. later gators... and u other gay-asses.
1	 I'm getting WoW in less than five days.  What server / faction should I play?&nbsp; Should I spend the $100 to get 200GP off Ebay? Are you going to twink me or should I twink myself?   Please let me know.
0	bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt   what the hell kinda bar is closed christmas and christmas eve??? HUH??!   hell.    L   bzzzzzzzzzzzzt  ::end transmission::
0	Saw this post on my friend Deepa's blog, titled  Harsh Reality .  How could anyone do this, and that too with such brutality?
1	I must be psychic. Lionel from Kah Motors just called to let me know that my car has arrived in the warehouse! He will begin processing, and it should be ready for collection in 2 weeks. TWO MORE WEEKS AND I'M RID OF SHITTY GERMAN RIDE FOR SEXAY JAPANESE SCHWEETNESS! Time to hit Stamford Tyres this weekend to check out new stuff that I can upgrade my new ride with!  *does a little jig*
1	Hey guys, spent the weekend in Sarasota w/ my Dede and Grandpa Bill. They wanted to see me for my Bday on the 18th, had a pretty good birthday w/ them, a nice dinner, saw my brother play 5 hockey games in two days, so I was proud of him. Got back late yesterday, hung out w/ Justin. Leavin for Conn on Thursday, and will be back on the 27th. Found out I'm Allergic to cats at the Allergist today. Its not Napoleons fault, he doesnt affect me at all. Well now its time to relax and chill until Christmas, call me if you wanna see or talk to me.             Merry Christmas
0	The common perception of me is far more degrading than I really cared to find out..I'm initially sarcastic..overly sensitive..I never mean any harm by what I say and I'm insantly villianized..ever worked at something..but the second you stop giving it your full attention it faulters and topples?
0	((OOC: Just following on Jai's footsteps here. Lúthien and Celegorm have been having some R/NC-17 banter that could be offensive to some people. So consider yourself warned. Now onto the fun.))  So this is goodbye. Yes, goodbye.   -Goodbye my most beloved ada. I will miss the way you  spoil me  love me. -Goodbye Arwen, my twinkle star. I will miss your  sluttiness  friendship. -Goodbye Maglor. I shall miss  having you nekkid for my ogling  keeping all your dresses. -Goodbye Curufin. I shall miss how Celegorm slammed me against the door to your chambers at 4 am and banged me right there. Sorry for not letting you sleep. -Goodbye Celegorm. You know just what I'll miss.  I can't go on without my own reflection. I'm fading. My true love is gone, so I long for the sweet embrace of "kind-of-death-but-not-really".   If only  someone  would restore all the mirrors...
1	           Your perfect significant other.          Name         DOB         Favourite Color          Name:      Lars        Sense of fashion:      Some shirt he found on his floor, tight pants, and sandals.        Hair style/color:      Long, stringy, unbrushed black hair, and he doesn't even care what people think!        Music taste:      Indie, pop-punk, some soft rock.        Where you can find him on a Saturday morning:      In bed, with his pillow over his face, and his stereo cranked up so that even the neighbors can't sleep.        The cutest thing he's ever done for you:      Took you to a bridge above a river and paid his friends to shoot fireworks, each representing a week of your relationship.               This   cool quiz   by   ____a_fire_inside   - Taken 17855 Times.          Get  Free Daily Horoscopes  from Kwiz.Biz            
0	I am very sad.  Mommy and Daddy took away my windows so they could put their air conditioner in.  They say we can't have the windows open while it's on.  I miss my perches.  I propped open the blinds in the living room window so I can look out any time I want, since they took my window perches away.
0	I am so sick of boarding school.  I don't know why my psychotic parents are keeping me here.  I swear since the accident I've lost everything.  I want it back damnit.    They called me though, said that they just couldn't 'handle' me yet, whatever the hell thats supposed to mean.  Seems like I'm never in a good mood.    I won't drawl on about this again though.  Hopefully I'll have more to write when I go home.  Hopefully I'll go home.    Laynie
0	You piss me the hell off!     HAS ANYONE EVER HEARD OF COMMON SENSE????????...you know, THINGS you just DON'T DO???    sorry, maybe is a wack concept      the sad thing is.... you really disappointed me.
1	  Merry Christmas!      Woo. Well lets see. On Christmas eve we went around and looked @ lights (because we're corny like that) Then came home and I talked to cierra on the phone ("we just cant afford that" hahahhaha I havent laughed that hard in fo ever. But then I watched L&amp;O and A Christmas Story and then went to bed. Then I woke up around 8:30 and we ate and then we opened presents. Now for what I got........drumroll please......................         300 dollars Italy Spending Money      Clothes from all the stores I like      Books on Italy/Books of Basic Italian      REALLY Nice Bulova Stainless Steel watch      Stilts (Go Figure, but hey there pretty fun)      Candy and gum      Mean Girls, Monty Python, and BMW Season 2 DVDS      A nintendo game cube (well thats for me and my brother)      A pink leather carrying case for my ipod      IPod 15 dollar gift card   
0	Well, tried sleeping it off, but it isn't working this time. I feel better, but not much.   I also no longer have my appetite at the moment. I normally have to eat when I'm hungry, but I'm going to have to force myself to eat if I'm going to eat anything.   No hanging with Kyle tonight because while he's off of work, he's at his dad's until he works tonight at the theater and won't be home until late. I might be able to hang with Austin today, but chances are not until tomorrow.  Starting to save up money, so maybe I can get my own place and keep it. I just gotta find a place that's fairly cheap and will let me have Cash and the hamsters. The hamsters'll be easy enough to take with me. Cash is another story.  Savings: $66.29  I'm also going to take in cans and bottles today and see what I can get. Maybe that'll work me up to something I can work with.
0	     Whats does your personality rate from 1-10? by   morning_prayer        Your first full name           Your personality rates a    seven (you rock)      your best quality is    your sense of humor =)      your worst quality is    nothing! you rock!      this is because    you were born this way               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	Here I go again.  It seems like I only write on this when Cindy is away.  Well, nothing has changed except that this is going to be my last quarter and the store has been hella slow!!!  I better cut back on my expenses or else we're gonna be broke as hell!!!  Well, I decided to volunteer at the senior day center.  I probably won't get anything out of it, but let's see.  Donating my precious time won't be that bad right?  Well, I hope CIndy is safe and hope she calls soon....
1	Shakespeare auditions tomorrow! So much drama in my life!
0	Am at school.  Am watching Sophie read the comments on my last post. It's weird.  There was supposed to be an anti war strike at 11am. I see no point in having a strike when war has already begun. Like their petty strike would do anything any way. Who's going to pay attention to them?  I am not having lunch. Sophie gone to sit with Ruth and Katie.  Steph won't reply to my texts or emails. I'm sorry darling if I did anything to upset you. I really didn't mean to. I don't want you to go off join the band wagon of Alison mocking.  I want to sleep. Just sleep. Not die anymore, just sleep for a long time. Preferably until I can go to Spain. Spain is now my ticket out of "this place" (collective word for school and home) for a week. I will avoid the sun at all costs and I will be as sarcastic and rude as is possible. Then I will feel better.  Note to self - must destroy Emily and Cherry for saying Ville has a tiny dick *curses*  That is all for now *sigh*
1	Big game tomorrow. BRING YOUR GAME FACE!!!!! We have to beat SMC and we have to win the coin tosses. LHS LAXERS: KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED FOR ME!!!!!  Exciting news.....my aunt is going to have another girl!!! It's a curse on my mom's side of the family. Six girls and one boy on my mom's side. On my dad's side, four boys and four girls. I'm sure my uncle is just thrilled at the fact that he's having all girls. Maybe he can teach them to play softball? It's kinda like baseball and the "game" could continue to run in the family. Oh well, I'm excited for them. I'm getting another new cousin! YAY!!!!
0	Oh and one more thing, I just absolutely LOVVVVVVE halloween and getting dressed up with everyone! I was a very well dressed vampire :) Props to everyone I saw during Halloween though, trust it to college students to go All Out for Halloween! The best was when Jen and I left the bar to meet up with everyone else at the party and we heard some shuffling and we look back see nothing, then walk around hear some shuffling, then we look back and noticed that the refrigerator box on the side street had been following us all along, it was great, we talked to the guys who were at the house for a bit and then left with a smile on our faces.  Halloween rules!  Just thought everyone would die if they didn't hear that   Heheh Joe
0	So like. My mother is going through a menopause phase probably.  She's freaking out over boxes and dishes.  Over-reacting like woah.  Daddy doesn't want to be bitten so he takes her side.  And now I'm pissed.  I have so many people up my ass right now it's unbelivable. But i probably deserve it. So i'm not going to complain anymore.
0	right now im just super dissapointed. dont really wanna say anymore but lets just keep it at that.   today, well, was fun. joel and patrick were back from their trip to mexico...lucky hos. they told me about it. sounded like an adventure for sure. we also had an assembly for black history month. funny how they put it on the last day of the month. even though that may not make mr todd racist im still gonna say he is. either that or bisexually curious. hell maybe both.   now that ive drank my monster i got the caffeine jitters! man i love those! anyways! random sentence starting....NOW: THE KITE FLEW HIGH AS MY GRANDFATHER READ HIS MAGAZINE! alright anyways, that is all that really happened, time for me to leave. ill update when i can.   PRAY FOR A SNOW DAY!!!!!   *~*cAtHeRiNe*~*
1	So a friend of mine is teaching me to bartend and is sticking me behind the bar tonight.  Come out and have the sober person punch you in the liver and possibly fuck up any drink that has more than three ingredients in it.  The more people there are, the more experience I wil get.  It will be at the Skylark Lounge in the Mission. Actually on 16th between Valencia and Mission.  I am heading in around 8:30 and probably will be staying no later than 10:30.  Come out and get some drinks!
1	something that i came up with on the drive to work this morning as i eagerly await the return of desperate housewives.  the chick that is having the affair with the student - wouldnt that legally be having sex with a minor - so would be against the law?!  what the?  seeing as i am writing about my beloved tv - seven starts stargate atlantis and stops stargate - what is the deal there? i mean i like atlantis, it is excellent but i dont get my mcgiver fix!!   *gasp* and i know the orginal stargate series hasnt finished larh!!!  final note, the 4400 series is soon to begin....lets just pray it doesnt clash with anything else!!
1	Did you all hear???  Sifl & Olly will be on Saturday night (Sunday morning if you want to get technical) at 1am to 2am on MTV2!!!!!  YAY!!!
1	"If you can't point out five faults in the person you love, then you really don't love them at all."  i read that quote and i thought it was great...i really think that is absolutely true, b/c you have to love the good and the bad, the whole package.  anyways...i have super exciting news...I AM OFFICIALLY IN THE NURSING PROGRAM AT UVA-WISE....YAY...WOO HOO....WHIPPEE...lol...okay so i am done now  but seriously i thought i was gonna have to be a 5th year to get in anatomy and physiology...but i went to talk to Dr. Wilson today and she admitted me into the program today and all i have to do is take anatomy and physiology this summer here and pass ( pray that i will, fingers crossed)....so i am beyound happy...that makes me ecstatic!!!!!!!  but i am done for now...leave me some love :)
1	Went to the Bug Jar for the first time tonight.  Three bands full of punk girl goodness:  The Scarlets, a new all-girl punk band in Rochester with a great sound; Visqueen, a female-led punk/rock band that was also pretty good, if their stage banter was...well, not; and last but definitely not least, Shonen Knife, three pop/punk babes from Japan who rocked the house with perky punkness.  Cutest rendition of "I Wanna Be Sedated" EVER.  And the pocket-sized drummer was way "wanna take her home with us" cute and pigtailed.    Good time had by all... Rob and I started at the back of the club for the Scarlets and Visqueen, then Scott joined us and we moved to the front for Shonen Knife.  All was pretty much well until the mosh pit spawned, making things difficult for us in the under-six-foot set.  I headed for the back when someone dented my boot in right onto my toe and enjoyed the rest of the concert from a touch farther away.    Sleepy.  Bed now.
0	Okay, so I started block exams todays... Good? Yes. Very good.  However, I had my Chemistry exam today... oh fuck... fuck, fuck, fuck. Boy, did I ever fuck it up. The first part of it was alright. Multiple choice questions, a few simple calculations. Then next part was this one massive calculation and I seriously fucked that up. And the last part... well... I didn't even attempt the questions. Too fucking hard. Way too fucking hard...  Then again, it's term 1, year 11. I can, for the most part, just let this one slip.
0	let it break through oh let it break through let it break through oh let it break through let it break through oh let it break though LET IT BREAK THROUGH OH LET IT BREAK THROUGH
1	finally home after another gruelling flight. I like to think that I like flying, but I really don't. It's hell if you can't get to sleep. And when you're sleeping it's not real sleep, it's that half-sleep that just leaves you unfulfilled.  but now that I'm home I can get around to things I've wanted to do: 1) use my speakers. I swear, if there were one thing I could bring to school with me that was totally impractical, it would be my speakers. 2) play with kitty 3) sleep a lot 4) eat something, apple jacks at 4am EST does translates into very hungry at 1pm CST. 5) (thrift) shop? 6) play some much needed video games 7) hang out with cool people 8) watch the Naruto and episodes of the One Piece Goatsex arc that I missed  soon to come, pictures of cute cousins/new york  call me if you're in Austin and want to hang out!
1	 YES!   YES! AHAHAHHAHAHAhAAHAHAH.  I am the best man alive, seein' as my wife is hottest ever. AHAHHA.
1	So  this  is what I've been working on for close to TWO years now. And I am happy.
1	Ooh! As of today,  KLACK 's site is back up! Anyone know what it says? o_O
1	Going to see the Wonderstuff tonight.  Haven't seen them since 1994, it would have been hard seeing the broke up.  It's not the same Wonderstuff that we love in the last 80s and early 90s.  Basically the lead singer, Miles Hunt, didn't have much success as a solo artist (his one solo album was awesome IMO) so he got the rights to the name, put out a new album and is touring.  I really don't care who is in the band, just as long as he is singing.  But I looking more forward to what I'm going to eat for dinner tonight, than the show.  I'm going to the restaurant across the street from Metro and getting a veggie burger, fried and a vanilla milk shake.  I've been craving it for the last hour.  Oh man, that burger is going to be so good I wish I was eating it now. drool
1	Yes it's been ages since I updated. You know why? Because it seems that if I mention something in here I jinx it to go wrong. I wasn't going to take any chances with the Ashburton College ball so I didn't mention it. And because I wasn't going to mention that there was very little to talk about. It was great. Took two classes off on Friday to make sure I had time to pick up my tux and get the bus down. Went to Mort's place and met up with Kaz. Had food there and then got into tux and went to the ball. Back to Mort's in a limo and there for the night, not much sleep. Next day Kaz and I go to her place for Saturday night. Then bus back to Christchurch Sunday evening. Played chess Thursday. Lost 4-0. Would normally be unhappy but at the moment I don't really care.  Thursday night was the farewell dinner for my Housemaster. Was at the George. Was good.
0	well i've decided that i would really rather not celebrate christmas.. its to commercial, i'm not looking forward to it.. i have no desire to put up the tree and decorate it, i don't want to go christmas shopping, i don't want to party and eat, i don't want to do anything. Maybe my depression is getting the best of me and i should probably take my pills again... that will put everyone in my line of fire since instead of making me happy they take away that nice little moral wall i have when it comes to talking to people and dealing with certain situations.. So its a bit of a tough choice for myself.. either go on the meds and not be happy and really just be my plain tyrant self.. or not take the pills and try to keep my happy facade up and running.... its like to be or not to be... but i'm no coward and suicide is a cowards way out.
1	Hey,  Looking for grants on whatever? Look what I found for you:   http://freescholarshipguide.com/spreadsh eet/Scholarshipguide.pdf  It has 88 pages full of links for colleges, grants, and everything else!  Hope you get some, Minh
1	Well, lookee here. Three weeks off the Pill without even trying to diet and I can do up my black cord flares again! They're still horridly tight, and I'll probably change into something else before I go out this evening so that my stomach isn't too compressed to fit my dinner in (am currently wearing them round the house and wriggling about a lot to see if I can stretch them at all). But still, wey hey!
1	    My inner child is sixteen years old!    Life's not fair! It's never been fair, but while adults might just accept that, I know something's gotta change. And it's gonna change, just as soon as I become an adult and get some power of my own.      How Old is Your Inner Child?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	My love for They Might be Giants has been reinforced! (They're a band, for those of you that don't know.)  Every once in awhile I learn about some cool cultural thing, and then I understand more of their songs! For example, the song "Equisite Deadguy" is a play off of a game played by surrealists called "Equisite Corpse" (a game that I'd played before - but learned the name of last year). Now I've just learned about Plato's "Allegory of the Cave" which explains the "World of Being" and the "World of Becoming" and I understand the part in "No One Knows My Plan where they say:  "When I made a shadow on my window shade, They called the police and testified, But they’re not the people chained up in the cave, In the allegory of the people in the cave by the Greek guy."  That's so cool!  ~ Cat
1	Aaah. Another 4 days of exploring my computer. After that I'll be back in Holland and it may take a while before I'll have a proper computer. My 286 is dead and I don't think I would be able to update my journal with that anyway.  Well obviously I can't wait till Saturday, since I'll see my family and boyfriend again!!! Finally. Although I'm really really gonna miss Scotland. It's so beautiful.          Are you already jealous??? Well I like it really. Especially Arran. Well see ya.
1	New neighbors in the house on the corner!  I should make them some cupcakes tomorrow.  ^_^  And now, time for more work.  *sigh*  Speaking of newbies, I see I've acquired a buttload of new readers since I last checked a few months ago.  Feel free to take this opportunity to say hi and introduce yourself!
1	hellooooo! Im back and just wanted to update whats happening here. im in santa fe, new mexico and I love it!!!Im doing a three month travel nurse assignment and so far its going pretty well. I have to work nights which sorta sucks but i can deal with it cause ill have plenty of time to recoup. AND i have a nice cozy adobe- im so in love with it. its nice to have my own space for a while- no roommates!!! another neato thing that i just read about santa fe is that it is the second most popular u.s cities to visit. so yall come on over, ya hear? more later-  from the gal in the turqouise-laced land of santa fe
1	What a difference a day makes. It may be that my lawn has been invaded by toadstools and violets. It may be that the sun out, and it is nice outside. It may be that bluebirds are nesting in both my front and back yards. It may be that my bats have emerged from their winter quarters and have returned to their batbox. (I think that I will leave them apricot and fig treats tonight.) It may be that I listened to every Cub album yesterday. It is more than likely all the well wishes. If I haven't said it yet, Thanks. A Gas-House Geek like me does not deserve friends like ya'll. I still have a little bit of writer's block, but it shall pass.
1	now i know why i stopped talkin to scott. he is soo fucking clingy. he kept huggin me and touching me at the party last night. i was tryn to hang out it wasnt meant to be a date. i cant stand his friends either they are a bunch of spoiled white kids obessesed with bush. they were so fucking racist too. now scott calls me as soon as he woke up this morning and wants to go out again. i dont want to lead him on but i dont want to full on reject him. maybe if i keep inviting a 3rd wheel on the "dates" he will ge the point. lol.   i actually just went to dinner w enrique and it wasnt awkward at all. i think he is starting to move on. im really happy about that.
1	Since I just recently figured out how to make icons on my computor, heres some Renee base icons. feel free to use and add what ever you want to them.    ...   ...   ...   ...  
1	my mom anticipated my wish for my first paycheck.  i got plaid chuck taylors in my easter basket.  now i'll probably go out and get the purple silk ones or shorten my amazon.com wishlist.  i really want to blow my first week's wages and then spend the rest of my money responsibly.
1	Well, they made an offer, and I accepted it, and the proposal's approved, so I may as well say....  I am writing a  Warcraft  novel, entitled  Legacy , which is currently scheduled for March 2006. For those of you familiar with the game in question, the novel will focus on the characters of Jaina Proudmoore, Thrall, and Aegwynn. It will take place about one year prior to when  World of Warcraft  (the most recent iteration of the game) starts.
1	Yay I got DJ Dara's autograph, he's super cool. Best drum n' bass set EVER.  Girls suck, and pregnant is not sexy.   And Doom 3 is the best FPS ever.  Samurai Legend Musashi comes out this week, lord have mercy.  And And I'm going to Heat vs. Lakers on Thursday.  Then up to Orlando Vulkon for my birthday weekend.  Oh Oh then on Wednesday the 23rd Fatboy Slim @ Nocturnal where my sister is gonna bartend.  OK OK then Saturday the 26th is Ultra!  Then in April I get my DJ setup.  April 3rd: Wrestlemania.  April 5th: Marlins opening day.  Girls still suck.   Bring in the milk.... shues4hyb4ehb yae4yhb ea4yg e4y 4ehyrhsenjus5jmnr5sjsr5mnrs6tjnmrjehnrez hbeash by4ehyuzrenerzshberhnewhnrexsjnrt5dsj  I wish I could be in Long Island right now to see Christina T_T, I hate Vice City, love is bullshit here. But I can't leave it because I'll freeze my nuts off anywhere else. I dislike the cold.  I however do like Bacon egg and cheese McGriddles and green grapes.  I shut up now, bye.
1	Thanks to all for the birthday wishes! An especial thanks goes out to Victoria! I got your card today! It made me laugh! I thought the dogs yelling 'Chug Chug Chug' to the birthday dog was an awesome card! I haven't really celebrated my burthday yet. I've so far recieved cards from my parents (with a cheque and a charm for my bracklet!) and a card from Steve's family!! They sent me 20 dollars for famous players! I was totally excited about that! They suggested that I go see Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason! I'm not going to tell them that I've seen it already. I'll totally tell them that it was a good idea to send me to that movie and that I really really want to see it! I would hate to burst their bubble! Anyways, more on the potluck when I actually have it! It's going to be an extravogant evening!
1	        Jonathan Rhys Meyers is  love  sex.   Made by       pure_likesnow      &lt;*center&gt;&lt;*img src="http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v 299/pure_likesnow/JRMcolorbar.jpg"&gt;&lt;*a href="http://www.livejournal.com/users/p ure_likesnow"&gt; Jonathan Rhys Meyers is &lt;*strike&gt;love&lt;*/strike&gt; sex.&lt;*a&gt;&lt;*center&gt;&lt;*center&gt;Made by &lt;*lj user="pure_likesnow"&gt;&lt;*/center&gt;   take out the stars to use. &lt;3 Do not change the credit-link, please.  No Hotlinking, either.  X-posted elsewhere.    
0	wow today i did nothing at all...except for skool...yea andrew is no longer one of my friends...grrr im soo mad at him. Pat is now my best friend lol well im out to do homework! AHH i fricken hate my life i hate my mom its not even worth living nemore!!!!! NOBODY CARES:'( Comment!!! 
1	the other girl is out of the picture and the flirting is on again  so no more, I tell you, no more chickening out!  I must do something... she's just so cute :)
1	I just bought a percussion-synthesizing  VSTi  plugin called  microTonic .  Third-party audio plugins are something I generally avoid, but I had a critical need to fill.  My ability to create percussion sounds has been improved and it is no longer a blocker.  This tool isn't about realistic sounds, it's about highly-configurable synthetic approximations.  But that will suit me just fine.  Whee whee!    Now I'm going to think about ordering  that damn German synth  again.
1	Happy New Year's Eve!! *throws confetti*  Lol, I had a good Christmas btw. A busy Christmas, but a good one. :P
0	Actually, make that two incompletes, one for British Politics as well.&nbsp; Heh.&nbsp; I might have to take an incomplete every semester from now on.&nbsp; I'm just not good at writing papers, and not when I would have four or five due around the same time.&nbsp; Eh.&nbsp; Whatever,&nbsp; I don't really care about walking anyway.
1	ok, sorry i havent updated in quite some time, but i've...ok i have no excuse, moving on...i'm sure that lots has happened since my last entry...i'll just hit the higher points...i dropped by to see Jeff and Dawn last week and was given gifts of dressing and brownies,mmm. then Vera came to visit me, we went to Cafe' Vience for great pizza and wine(1/2 off)..we also booze til our hearts content the next night...what else? this past weekend i went out to eat with a very cute young man(no jokes but the young part, yous guys)...and we also saw Elf, very funny, and clean for the whole family...on Saturday night, i went out with Wendie and Jeremy to Jupiter...good times...and since then and Dawn and Jeff stopped by to see me and my place last night!, and today i picked up some fun party favors for Brent's 21st!
0	Well another school semester done and I passed my classes.   Anxiety is causing me alot of problems. I went to the VA and hopefully they'll pay for my medical bills.  This person I was sort of dating ran off with someone else. Seems to be the story of my life.
1	i just want to say that i &lt;3 my friends! and i can't wait to party in our bus!  http://www.luxurylimo.com/H-2%20krystal inside.jpg   i've had a good week, the 2 hr delay and day off made it wonderful (:  i got to hang out with alex for the second and third time! 8c)  and i can't wait for TOMORROW! me and stinky and aunt jen and chrisitna and courtney and francesca are having a day long celebration full of surprises for my bday!!! yayyy, i feel like a little kid & i LOVE it!  i'm excited to be 18, but it's going to be hard to make it as good as being 17 has been (: maybe the porn/cigarettes/scratch tickets will help...
1	its my birthday.  *DANCES*   haha this seriously made me laugh :  Happy Birthday &lt;3 jessica lenee!!  According to our records, today is your birthday... everybody here at LiveJournal.com would like to wish you a happy birthday!  If you have any interesting birthday stories to share, do let us know!  Or better, email them to us and also update your LiveJournal with them.  :)  And if you have any questions/comments about the service in general, let us know too... we're real people, not a huge corporation, so we read and try to reply to all email.  Anyway... the point of this email was originally just HAPPY BIRTHDAY!  -- LiveJournal.com  http://www.livejournal.com/ 
1	so she left me for the one person that she told me not to worry about, the one she promised was only her friend... she threw away a year for the same person that she told me, "how could i date him? he listens to rap music and has facial hair!"   but i knew all along... she said i was untrusting and that it was wrong of me to not believe her that they were just friends... i let someone that close to me and she made the break up my fault...   i can't believe that i spent a year with someone i didn't even know...     ::In a parking lot by myself, it's a quarter to nine and I've been here since five forty-five::
1	         You Will Die at Age 82                 82          Congratulations! You take good care of yourself.  You're poised to live a long, healthy life.         What Age Will You Die?   
1	I need to post in this more..  Mimi didn't come to wake me up this morning ;[!  I was sad.  Oh well, I love that cat all the same.  Last night I was craazy.  It was so fun though.  Playing cards with Daddy + being crazy = happiness and fun.  I've been into playing cards so much lately.  It's wierd but I don't care.  I love it.  I love spending time with my parents.  Although they get on my nerves [like today.. ] I know it's only because they want the best for me because they love me.  And I love them, too.  I'm a fucking whore bitch and Briana is a fucking bitch whore.  rofl.. don't mind that.  That's me and Briana screwing around in stupid english.  It was funny.  Okay.  I'm off.  Laba you all.
1	March 16 My Tickets have already been purchased        I probably can't afford it but I'll sell some shit if I have to
0	I am ignoring my taxes so I don't burst into tears.  So, meme.            Your Linguistic Profile:       60% General American English     35% Yankee     5% Dixie     0% Midwestern     0% Upper Midwestern         What Kind of American English Do You Speak?     Huh. I guess they don't take in account accents, because I totally have a noticeable NY-kind of accent. 
1	I havent been this excited in a very long time.  I am sick.  My friends broke my tile floor and stole kim and daves liqour, I had to replace it all.  I am sooo EXCITED. If you really want to know why, then you can ask me online or in person. I am so fucking excited.
1	For now things seem to be settling down.  i woke up this morning with my eye worse than last night, i seem to be getting chronic eye infections in my left eye (another thing i will be mentioning to the doc on the 11th) so i called in sick to work.  We went to the Citadel in the city last night and had an AMAZING time. It's a very nice dungeon and we always have fun but last night Master was a beast!!!  He had me up in a sex swing in the downstairs dungeon room and at first He teased me and flogged me and such and then...omg...  Then later on after we visited with others from T group and nibbled on some food He took me back in there and bent me over the bed and ... omg...  the Man is a beast, i tell Ya!!! ~beams~  im a lucky happy girl.
0	You need a friend I'll be around Don't let this end before I see you again What can I say to convince you to change your mind. don't leave  I'm gonna love you more than anyone I'm gonna hold you closer than before and when I kiss your soul, your body will be free I'll be free for you anytime I'm gonna love you more than anyone  Look in my eyes What do you see? Not just the color, look inside of me Tell me all you need And I will try I will try  I'm gonna love you more than anyone I'm gonna hold you closer than before and when I kiss your soul, your body will be free I'll be free for you anytime I'm gonna love you more than anyone  Free for you whatever you need We'll be free together, baby Free together, baby I'm gonna love you more than anyone I'm gonna hold you closer than before And when I kiss your soul your body be free I'll be free For you anytime I'm gonna love you more than anyone I'm gonna love you more than anyone
0	I've not written in a while. My grandfather passed away yesterday. So everyone just pray for me. Some people just think that they are so much better then everyone else, when really there not. We haven't moved yet, but hopefully by this weekend we will be living in our new house.
1	Happy New Year Bitches, This was the greatest winter break. I played ultimate in a long sleve tee shirt in december, had the best time with the bro and friends. And to top it all off, I have a new girlfriend. I love her.  Peace and Love -Ben
0	It is truly amazing how quickly life can go from great to hell in less than ten minutes.   Panic attacks until six a.m. are not fun.  Neither is getting sick again for staying up late, and hardly being able to stay awake during a slide lecture.    On a different note,  Homecoming  and  Homecoming .  Went out with a bang, as Mr. B said.    I went with Sarah to an Airforce meeting, because there was free food.  It was nice because they weren't like, forcing you to join the entire time.  They just said sign up if you might be interested, and if not, thanks for coming.  She also didn't mention that the free food was at Pizza Hut.  Major bonus there.  There was a really hot girl there too.  Died and layered blonde hair, emo specs, and black and pink ska shoes.    Skipped the last quarter of sixth hour and bought Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind; couldn't resist any longer.
0	i'm in a sad/depressed mood. since around threethirty. and i don't even know why. so it makes me even more upset.  this whole love thing is secretly killing me. as well as this winter weather.  as well as me.|i'm killing myself.|  i'm bored. with everything. i need to change.//somethings.
0	this isn't fair...i can't live like this.  I can't take this much longer.  I could be completely alone but ur always there.  well you know what?  i don't care anymore.  i don't.  you can't bring me down anymore.  i won't let you do it.  i can't handle it anymore.  i just can't do it.  I hate being me...i hate me....are you happy now?  have you cut me deep enough.  just go away...please just go away.
1	Dear weather:  "rain/snow with HIGH WINDS" is not what I want to see on "what am I flying into tomorrow?" forecast.  No love,        ase     P.S. Please pass on to the gods of serendipidy that I want my day planner back. And would they please not attack my checked luggage either, as I'm sort of out of time to find carry-on luggage. -A.
0	 I  run toward sleep and it runs away from me  even though while awake it seems I am not .   /// 
1	    &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    日本語 is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator      
0	Ysolde sits in the back of the coffee house with a cappucino, watching a poetry slam.   Some  of them might have potential, but the rest are a wash,  she thinks.  The pickings have been slim so far...maybe I ought to try looking somewhere else.   She takes another sip of her drink as a black-clad gothling waif finishes his recitation. She eyes him over the rim of her cup.  He's not bad-looking, but there's no real Glamour to be had...his work's derivative at best.   She takes another sip of cappucino, hoping the next participant will prove more Glamourous than this one.
0	No matter what your opinion about the Terri Schiavo case, the fact that she starved and thirsted to death is awful.  What a terrible way to die.  Once the decision was made to pull the feeding tube, it would have been more humane to give her a "lethal injection".  Even convicted felons on death row get to have a more humane death.
1	 I went over to Heimdall and Freyr's house. There was a lovely piano i didn't remember seeing. Apparently Heimdall is playing the piano now. How lovely.    I did some scrying and Freyr helped, then we went out shopping. That was really fun. We bought some food some watermelon was on sale and as we were walking home i saw some white lace up platform boots. They were really great so i got those too. :D Freyr was really patient too while i tried them on. Oh tummy is growling i have to cut up the watermelon and put away the groceries.
1	 http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v51/j ordi/snowflash.jpg   This is a photo with flash. (Esclat is where I work)   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v51/j ordi/noflash.jpg   This is one without flash.   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v51/j ordi/trainsnow.jpg   Railway. Note the depth of the fallen snow in the wall.   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v51/j ordi/stpausnow.jpg   St. Pau hill, all snowed out.   http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v51/j ordi/snowme.jpg   Me, cold.
1	 LJ Friends Meme by       coolerq    1. You must tell  36  people about this game. 2.  robert   is the one that you love. 3.  mark  is one you like but can't work out. 4. You care most about  lesli . 5.  rebekka  is the one who knows you very well. 6.  genevieve  is your lucky star. 7.  Swords and Knives  is the song that matches with the person in number 3 ( robert  ). 8.  More than Words  is the song for the person in 7 ( mark ). 9.  Revolution Earth  is the song that tells you most about YOUR mind. 10. and  Size of Sorrow  is the song telling you how you feel about life  Take this quiz 
1	I am having a lot of fun watching the Brit Awards!!    Robbie has only been on a little bit so far when he accepted his award for "Angels".  He thanked his BOYFRIEND in Scissor Sisters!!!    I'm thinking he was kidding!    I just can't wait to see him perform!!    YAY Robbie!!!
1	I just burned my reggaeton CD! w00T! I cannot wait to listen to it during the drive to the game today. It will be pretty hard to contain myself from dancing in the van. lol. I hope we do some damage to the other team today considering practice was a no go yesterday. I bought Ren And Stimpy's first and second seasons uncut! w00t! Gonna make a semi-rock CD and that should be enough for now. Wow, one of my shortest entries ever!
1	Just attended the first rehearsal for "The Graduate."  It's gonna be a good show.  Due largely in part to the actor playing Ben; turns out they cast a high school classmate of mine in the lead.  I always thought he was a wonderfully talented actor (he played MacDuff in Macbeth our senior year and was really good).  The set designer is a woman who seems really cool, Shell and Karen and Karen are, of course, involved, and the director and AD seem cool too.  This show is gonna be fun.
0	finally the final good-bye which left me breathless, and made me so sad, and alone...Though I should be happy, that I'm single, and no one there to bother me.. I'm not okay...But looking forward on to the future, I hope it comes my way someday soon...I want to give it a smile, but the pain is just to great...Pain takes time to heal.  I wish I can just wake up and be fine, but its not that easy...  It takes time...
0	Wow i knew as soon as i posted that i would want to take it back... so i am.   i dont take back the fact that i was hurt... but i think it was more or less that im in a really hardtime trying to figure myself out as it is and i never expected that to happen. One i expected it from and one caught me off gaurd.. the one i expected was way worse but now i feel bad that i grouped them both together in my totally uncalled for rant.  I guess i needed to explode to realize that people deal with things differnetly and beleive different things... i'm artsy...some people aren't.... i think maybe i was blind, not to the fact that people beleive differnt things but to the fact that some people cant see things you do  no matter how hard they want to.  i'm sorry for the way i acted, it was immature, i wish i could tkae it back but i know you cant take back words that have prolly already hurt people.. but i can say im sorry and i overreacted.
1	hey my team won today and i scored 10 points. man that is almost my high score. the score was 31 to 10. for like 10 minutes they did not score. o well for them. we are also playing next week. thanxs for the good luck who ever wished me it.
0	Well, my dad just made me feel like crap. I almost want to not do my assignments and say "Hah! If you were nicer, maybe I would of fucking done them!" I hate him so much sometimes. God he makes me so angry!
1	Wheeeeeee! I went to the mall yesterday with my father, mother, and brother. And you want to know something...? THERE ARE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MANY ASIANS IN KINGSTON!!!! Hot ones too! And I was staring. I tried not to be obvious, but I don't think it worked...But at least now my parents will point out any Asian men they see now, so I won't miss too many of them ^_____^;;   While there, I got some hair dye and my mother just dyed in, like, a couple hours ago or so. My hair was naturally dark brown,  practically black when wet and now it's a slightly reddish, orangish blonde. Mostly blonde I think...And it actually looks good! -is happy-  Anyway, I'll shut up now. Toodles!
0	Well... as Rachel pointed out, I am being very mopey at the moment. I am alone. My Friends are having a party. I haven't seen my friends in a long time. I'm not doing well in Math. I have to loose weight, but am not. I have to do a report. My birthday is coming up and I am not doing anything. Because I only have like 5 friends. They are nice people though. Lynsey says I should invite people over. But 2 of those 5 people are just my friend's boyfriends. And I throw bad parties with people I am not always too comfy with. I miss my friends. And there is nothing on TV right now.
0	In honor of the recent superbowl:          Half of me is all "Next year! We'll get 'em next year! I love you, T.O.!" and the other half is all "SPORTS?? WHAT SPORTS??? I'M TOO BUSY SHOOTING MCNABB IN THE FACE, SORRY."
1	Whoo, I really love Christmas.  Happy Boxing Day! :)!  I think I'll have to do some heavy-duty dustbusting to get my suit prepared for tonight.  It's been out of commission for so long...
1	I just found out that I got a full scholarship to attend the Massachusetts Library Association's annual conference!  That means that I get 2 1/2 days to spend in Falmouth with other MA librarians attending workshops, meeting authors and doing yoga on the beach.   And  I only have to get myself there - everything else is covered.  Yay :)
1	 well it's st. pat's day! happy st. patricks day everybody. i have my green on dad's blastin his irish music i found my celtic knotwork ring today which made me happy and i'm eating real authentic irish cuisine. pizza. mmmmm. erin go braless!    now in honor of this fine day here's a list of some heroes of ireland. as determined by me....    &nbsp;                lucky the leperchaun         Quint from jaws    &nbsp;         mickey the pikey from snatch         bono         that guy from 28 days later (no not the guy on fire but he might be)         colin farell         the guys from the guinness commercials         ok this is jimmy cricket spike said i should add him    &nbsp;        and finally st. hobbes patron saint of ireland. i mean just look at all those damn bottles! and that mighty pose! it's it's!!! it's mighty! &nbsp;he clearly outweighs any of the above.     so there ye have it. heroes of ireland.     happy st. patricks day.    &nbsp; 
1	         You Belong in 1974                 1974          If you scored...  1950 - 1959: You're fun loving, romantic, and more than a little innocent. See you at the drive in!  1960 - 1969: You are a free spirit with a huge heart. Love, peace, and happiness rule - oh, and drugs too.  1970 - 1979: Bold and brash, you take life by the horns. Whether you're partying or protesting, you give it your all!  1980 - 1989: Wild, over the top, and just a little bit cheesy. You're colorful at night - and successful during the day.  1990 - 1999: With you anything goes! You're grunge one day, ghetto fabulous the next. It's all good!          What Year Do You Belong In?   
1	 My life had been hectic for months. I've been "distant" from my friends or to anyone.    For months and months I had&nbsp;been sick. October 28th 2004, I had found out something that will change my life.&nbsp; I didn't know how to react, I didn't know who to share it with.&nbsp; Two of my friends had found out because they had asked me a certain questions, regarding to some future events&nbsp;and I didn't know how to respond quickly.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although, they&nbsp;now know my secret, if ever revealed from anyone without my consent " I will not be your friend, nor&nbsp;be in your&nbsp;wedding ."&nbsp; I do feel bad that I kept it from my  best friends ,&nbsp; but I believe they would understand once they had spoken to me.      I am happy with my life and very lucky.  &nbsp;    =   D      &nbsp; 
0	am i the only one who DREADS the day i have to leave? i'm perfectly happy here in san jose. i dont want to go. i DO NOT WANT TO LEAVE. i've been breaking into random crying sprees lately. because I. DONT. WANT. TO. GO.  it's killing me.  only 5 days.   i dont think i'm going to survive. i really dont.
1	Just wanted to give a big welcome to any new members that may have joined in the past few weeks!  we have a new affiliate,       lost_debate   . it is a community where one can debate issues having to do with the plot of Lost. a very cool idea for a community, i believe.  also, there will be an Episode discussion thread starting immediately after Episode 16 "Outlaws," airs on February 16th. General discussion will ensue, hope to see everyone there.     A SAWYER-CENTRIC EPISODE!  Kate and Sawyer divulge dark secrets to each other while tracking a renegade boar that Sawyer swears is purposely harassing him. Meanwhile, Hurley and Sayid worry that Charlie is losing it after his brush with death, and a shocking, prior connection between Sawyer and Jack is revealed. (synopsis care of  http://www.lost-media.com )  all in all, sounds like a very good episode. i just read the spoiler after seeing the preview for it, and it seems like a good place to start having a discussion thread :)   -Sarah
1	woot woot woot.. i now have in my possession my brand spankin new Mazda 323 Sparkling Silver Astina *grins*  Feels so good to be behind the wheel again.  Now tell me what should I name my car?????
1	my baby brother is little, cute, likes kool-aid, milk and bread... he runs around, plays chase when his diaper needs changed, he likes the computer, he likes to watch movies, eat and eat, he plays games with me like cars, and he destroys my bioncles... he likes to take their heads off   the end
1	I'm through with Ottawa U!  And I sent in my acceptance to McGill.  So now all I need to decide is New Res or MORE House?  The houses are really pretty.  So, anyone else going to McGill?  You guys had better come visit anyway.  My brothers are already booking weekends with me in Montreal.  I think November 26th is taken already- sorry.  Hehehe.  I really should be doing my chem lab now.  Anybody know anything about reaction rates?  Let me know.
1	So... I've just been given the chance to apply to be a dance/cheer instructor for the summer.  I would be traveling around to various high school and middle schools in the midwest to teach camps that last from 1 to 5 days.  I am extremely excited.  I can't tell you how long I have wanted to do something like this.  I think I'm going to work on getting my application put together and send it in to at least see if I'm accepted and then we'll go from there.  But applying may also be determined on the email I get back from the owner.  We'll see if all works in my favor.
1	venezuela was a amazing. i got back on sunday night. i dont really want to go into detail bc there is so much, but lets just say there are going to be a lot of changes in my life from now on. i am getting rid of anything and everything that makes me unhappy or angry. so that will be good. i have made a lot of new friends in the past week, so that is really good. i am just going to live my life for the better.  &lt;33333333333 ashley    p.s. i actually ate iguana there. it was weird but awesome.
1	Today I brought my manga collection to my mom's house.         ^^; Most of my stuff is shoujo.. and I don't care for the magical girl stuff very much... But yeah. Yay for manga!
0	   im so devastated. i cant believe they broke up. they were the first punk band that i ever listened to. for me they paved the way for every punk band i listen to now. senses fail, thursday, thrice, something corporate, finch, nfg, and the list just goes on and on. they have been my favorite band since their very first cd (flyswatter) all the memories their songs bring to me. (angel playing adams song in his room and trying to teach mari how to play the guitar) (cruz and i going on our first date and listening to m&m) (the girls and i just hanging out in mari's room talking about how much high school sucks while listening to damnit) now they arent together anymore... sad.... so sad...  crazy how long i waited in line to see them in concert, or to buy their cd, or meet them.. it was all worth it. now who am i going to stalk? i even used Travis' last name as my fake last name!!! (charlotte barker) WHY COULDN'T LINKIN PARK BREAK UP!? ugh.
1	        Ya'll need to go&nbsp;buy this movie - its so hott and I am in love with it so I bought it...   
1	Well, officially weighed in today.  I didn't end up hitting 229.5 like I wanted.  ....   I hit 228!!!  Woo-hoo!
1	On the walk home from work, I saw a swan menage-a-trois.  Which is pretty rare I'm sure. Either that or it was a boy swan, a girl swan and a very elegant white bin liner floating down the river behind them looking jealous and bitter. (I was on the bridge... it COULD have been)  Played "guess the mudder" with Jackie. She spotted the correct mudder immediately, earning her 10/10 points and showing how well she knows me.    We will be going deep into the Shire on Saturday afternoon as she is only up from the Burgh for a couple of days - so if anyone is trying to text me or phone me, they won't get through.  I am psyching myself up for the Great Glastonbury Ticket Phoning Marathon on sunday.  Will be buying in pizza and kendal mint cake and red bull in preparation.  A. has a cunning plan regarding a pile of 20p's and the army.
1	Well, the quarter is almost finished.  Only three more days of classes and then I'm done.  Well, not quite yet.  I still have to take finals, but then I'll be finished.  FINISHED!  Tomorrow, I have the last of the four performances that I am in this weekend.  Although it's nice to finally be through with them, it still makes me sad and yet happy at the same time that this is the culmination of all my efforts for the past few months.  I've been drawing some more recently.  I've been trying to copy what I've seen in various comics in order to get a sense of how to move my paw.  It's not going so well, but then again I didn't expect it to.  I'm tired now.  I should really go to bed.  Tomorrow will be a day of singing and CD ripping.  Goodnight!
1	Yesterday, I got the formal offer from AEG to work in their customer service dept., as a fan club & retail coordinator (basically, I get paid to talk excitedly to people about games).  This morning, I e-mailed them my acceptance.  I start September 1.  This means...  1) I'm moving to LA.  Around Ontario, to be specific.  If there are any locals that want to give me advice or heads-up, please do.  Never been there before.  2) I'm going to GenCon Indy, my last one as a Bounty Hunter.  Any Clevelanders/Columbusites who need a ride, lemme know; I hate making that drive alone (it may be a tough fit, however, because...)  3) GenCon ends Aug. 22.  The job begins Sept. 1.  I'm trying to decide the wisdom in driving west, then driving home, then driving west again 3 days later as I begin my trek cross-country.  Admittedly, Indy's only 4 hours each way, so it's only a net loss of 8 hours, but it seems kind of symbolically appropriate to begin my journey there.
0	I don't understand it. The only people in the world who can make me feel bad are Jenn and my father. Jenn just chooses to never do so.
1	Decided to follow       spiritrider    around last evening so go read her  journal entry 
1	i'm six today. yesterday i opened my presents. and i had a power puff girl cake. today i'm gonna help frost cupcakes to take to school. And I have party bags to take to school too. After school we are going mini golfing. And I am bringing my friend.
0	I just saw the saddest movie ever!!! Million Dollar Baby is so sad I have to admit my eyes got blurry at the end of the movie i give it 1000000000 stars out of 10!      What stupid celebrity are you destined to kill? by   daydreamer8852        Name           Birthdate           You killed           With a           On    September 27, 2016               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	I have been dancing around singing a song i made up about going to new york in spanish. goes something like.. "estoy ibando a nueva york." i know thats probably NOT correct grammar, but oh well. Donno why. But i'm SOOOOOOO excited. It just started to hit me.  Time to go continue the birthday date with sammy boy. MARINERS!! yay. sadly there isn't enough wind for a kite flying outing. oh well.   Anyway, i hope everyone has a great spring break! See ya'll later!! yay! new york with marita! freedom!
1	  Happy Birthday       arieswytch    &       lisamoe     
1	Stolen from       takairino         Post the names of 13 of your favorite musicians. See who can guess which is your favorite song by each. Once someone guesses right, bold that row and include the song    1. Weird Al 2. Eminem 3. Muse 4. Dean Martin 5. Dir en Grey 6. Buck Tick 7. Malice Mizer 8. Bjork 9. Linkin Park 10. Prozzak 11. Matchbox 20 12. Suwabe Junichi 13. Luna Sea  See how well you know me!  XD
0	Yeah, I know it is all over the blogoverse.  Deal.  Damn, Mitch.  Damn.  Rest in peace, man.  Find a better place.
1	hi. tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow...  I'm not even referring to the show. I get to see john tomorrow :) much more exciting than the show.  I'm really happy.  okay I'm done.  oh and I have mono in case you didn't know.  MONO.  k. love.
1	Tonight's Tragic Black, Redemption & Carphax Files show rocked!!! I also really enjoyed hanging out with Whitney. I'm glad that she moved to Salt Lake.
0	There must be something wrong with me...This evening I cried for a good half hour and the reason for it wasn't even that sad. Thank god for Number one. She listened to my blubbery self and whats been bothering me. I tried to talk about my problem with a certain person but once again that didnt work. They were too busy.But I dont wanna write anymore because I am just gonaa get upset again and I dont want that. So I am off to do...whatever.
1	Huzzah!  Depsite forgetting to mention to       corvidae9    that I would be local, we are still going to be meeting up all t00by like tomorrow morning!  *dances*  I love meeting my t00bs.  *Is so going to be wearing her HP shirt*    Wheeeeeeee.  And yes, the campus is nice, buildings are ugly but landscaping, beach and weather make up for it.  Am so going to need to decorate my room when I get down here, and bring a floor lamp so the flourescents aren't on all the time.  (And I just know that since I'm assuming I'm going to UCSD that Miami is going to ok the Aid I asked for.  Then I will be oh so confused.)
1	Squeee!!!!!!  I have a roommate for next semester!!  And dude, I'm living on North Campus!  That will cut my walk to class down from fifteen minutes to, like, two.  And I'm totally going to fail my Latin exam, but I'm too excited to care!
1	ok soo all together i made $60 for babysitting! witch is pretty good! so im happy about that cuz now i have money and i think im ganna go to bush garden tomorrow so i have money to get my in!!   today im goin to the mall at 12:30 with sarah and allison from church so that should be alot of fun!!   and i went to the mall last night with derek and my mom and my mom got me an easter outfit from american eagle witch is really cute!! i love is and i wanted this really cute outfit from pacsun but she wouldnt buy it for me o well!! i guess ill get it some other time!   well i have to go get ready for the mall ill tal to u cool cats later!!  did u thank god today?  ~*loves*~
0	Someday ill work all my shit out, hopefully that will be before i see you. by the way i will be on campus next semester.  im sorry for that last comment, I dont want us to end.  I just have to learn to fight in a way that doesnt destroy what little i have to look forward to in college...  Ill work it all out soon, I promise.
1	I warned him that I'm the worse student he'll ever have  He says I'm the worse student hes ever tried to tutor  I warned him.
1	Just signed the lease, got a copy, and paid 1st / last / security.  It's about 1.6 miles from here.    I expect to move the last weekend of march, and would still like help moving my sofa and bed.        nchanter    will be moving throughout april.
1	   Urbana presents the second annual Sci-Fi Belly Dance Party! Friday, April 15th at 8pm at Baladna's Arabic Restaurant and Nightclub. Sign up now to compete for prizes in the costume contest!  Bring your own sci-fi score or perform with the house band!  The music will be spacey and full of shimmy! For more info comment on my journal, e-mail me, or e-mail kristin at cascadia dot net.  Baladna's is located at 11830 SW Kerr Parkway (across from PCC Sylvania). 
1	       You scored as  Mindfuck . Congratulations, you scored Mindfuck.  You've probably seen a lot of movies, and have grown to hate mainstream shit.  You're looking for the movie that will leave you breathless, and with 21 questions to think about.  Check out:  Donnie Darko, Being John Malkovich, Pulp Fiction, Memento.         Mindfuck             70%       Sci-Fi/Fantasy             60%       Artistic             55%       Drama/Suspense             45%       Sadistic Humour             45%       Mindless Action Flick             30%       Romantic Comedy             20%        Movie Recommendation.   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	aaaah, what a horrible day in Rhoose.  The weather is so awful, so I had to abandon all hopes of going out to walk around.  Anything to get rid of the restraints of staying home.  Ech.  Yeah...am bored.  The three people I talk to most on MSN are on holiday as we speak, so im stuck here with only my Lj.  Ah well, there was one cool thing that happened today though.  Besides finally gettin in touch with Emma (which is really cool) I heard one the best songs I've heard in a very long time.  Everlong by the Foo Fighters.  The video was really creepy yet really different, making it great.  Am sick of videos of people walking down empty roads and holding poses.  Turns out the song is pretty old, but it's all new to me :) Go get it if your in the downloading kinda mood!  Saw like the first half of Shrek 2 last night on *cough*piratedvdwhichiswearidunnohowigot*c ough* before it just cut out due to a dirty disk.  Better clean it and see what happens to those ugly ugly creatures...
0	What a terrible week. my grandfather died today.  and I got a rejection letter.
1	I'm very annoyed with my computer.  It's been completely overrun with pop-ups to the point where I can't even use it anymore.  I don't know how this happened!  What did I click on?!  I'm at work now, where there is a nice little reliable computer that no one uses but me.  I'll try calling the Help Desk when I get back to the dorm.  Contrary to their name, they aren't usually very helpful, but I don't know what else to do.  It was 51 degrees when I left the dorm this morning, and it's going to be 65 this afternoon!  How awesome is that!  I love it!  I bought a box of Kleenexes yesterday with a pretty design of daisies on it.  I like SCA meetings.  I'm done talking about nothing now.
1	Got my license!  So anyone want to hang over spring break, let me know.  I only have the car at night unfortunately, cause our new Toyota Prius hasn't arrived yet.  Should be here in a few weeks though, and then I'll get my dad's Solara...  Looks like this     It's bigger than I'd like, and not too exciting to drive.  Luxurious though.  It's got leather seats, nice sound system, V6, everything.  More importantly, it drives.
1	The car repairs were done fairly quickly, I was able to get my car this morning on my way to work. And fortunately the gasket turned out to be fixable. I ended up paying just over $1,650, including the tune-up and also fixing a cracked exhaust manifold they discovered during that process. And everything else looked pretty good - minimal rust on the exhaust system, brakes are good, emissions are good... overall my car should be in good shape for a while now. They've also told me to bring it back in 500 miles for a complimentary oil change, which will also let them re-inspect it to make sure things are still looking good.  I'd still be happier if I hadn't had to spend this kind of money on my car right now (or, indeed, ever), but, you know what Sarah Vowell would say...  "Andersonville!"
1	***CLARIFICATION***  last night joan and i were looking at wedding rings and dresses and such and it was so much fun! but NO i'm not getting married yet, hehe.... as much as i would love to we hafta wait until both drew and i finish college and stabilize ourselves financially. so for now, i dream of rings like that and my wedding, which will be amazing in about three years. :)
0	santa claus has conquered the martians.                                                                                                                                                                            hey now....                                                                                                                                                          i                    be               ljin             it               up                 ho                                                                                                                                                                              if that didnt piss you off. nothing will.
1	well wednesyday we had our first day of school and i have people in all my classes so thats good!  my lunch is ganna be awesome! its me dj and bhanco!! and i mean other people but im only mentioning the ones who rock! hahaha  yeah dj always picks on me hahaha but it is funny i have to admit hah  it feels weird seeing everyone again but i had an awesome summer so its all good!!!  welp im ganna go bc im going to a wilmington soccer game soon!
0	even if i spend only an hour a week in church, i still feel orphaned now.  JP II, R.I.P. we love you. you will be missed.
1	Inspired by the 2004 Movie Soundtrack (thank you Meg!!!!!!!) but also because I've been wanting to draw this dress.  And really, a fluffy fluffy white cat in a fluffy fluffy white dress . . . how could I resist?  (She's still Christine, though, and not movie!Christine.  I just adore this dress.)  And the starts in her hair scanned really badly but oh well.         
0	 It's all because of you, I'm feeling sad and blue, You went away, Now my life is just a rainy day,  I love you so, How much you'll never know, You've gone away and left me lonely...  Untouchable memories, Seem to keep haunting me, How love so true, That once turned all my grey skies blue... 
0	monkeyworld.tk - thats easier   says: sorry but i dont think we're gonna get back together It's so hard to just let go -  When this is the one and only love I've ever known says: k why monkeyworld.tk - thats easier   says: thats3 or 4 times we've split up n mayb its just not meant to b It's so hard to just let go -  When this is the one and only love I've ever known says: k  omg, wat ami ugna do
1	Got a call from a guitarist from a band called Skipjacket and well they suggested me as a vocalist.  KICK ASS!! So yeah other than that everything is going good.  Me and my girl are still together, hell yeah!  That's about it talk to ya later.
0	I stuffed up some muffins today  The oven wasn't hot enough when I put them in  Hopefully no-one'll go off at me  but otherwise things are all good. I don't have tafe today, so I've been at home, and now at the public library talking to one of Nikki's friends, and Cee Jay  My dearest deadly was on just a little while ago and that was all good. I hope everything works, I hope I haven't opened my heart up too soon, I hope she can love me even when persistantly, selfishly depressed as I sometimes get (quite often when in a relationship)  I'll stop here
0	i will like to thank everyone that has been there for me recently threw the hardaches i have had recently. the thing is thought it seems like they are always going be there and come, one after another. i had a long talk, tuesday night with someone, who i wish was closer then florida and she helped me out big time when it seemed like she and me have gone thru some of the same problems and i hope i did the same in return. i hope she remembers that she is still a ny'er as far as im concerned. then yesterday i did some errands and hung around and finally got a call from bobby, my head chef saying we have a small party this weekend for my boss's sons 1st birthday.its good cause i havent worked in about 2 weeks. i know with the new season starting i will be begging for 3 weeks off once july hits. i am excited for work and new comings.
1	I got a red, white, and blue collar for the dog.  Amy has brats, burgers, beer, snacks, and so much stuff that we are having to ask the neighbor to keep some of it in their fridge because we've run out of room.  After the BBQ at the house, I might go check out some fireworks at Lake Samm with Sam.    The weather here is so unpredictable.  Last night it rained and this morning it was overcast and quite dreary.  I was in my sweats having a Queer Eye for the Straight Guy marathon, when suddenly it turned into a beautiful afternoon.  I hope it's clear enough tomorrow to see the fireworks.   In baseball news, Giants lost today 6-2.    Happy 4th!
0	ur making me into everything i don't want to be.  i feel like every part of me that was good has died.  u kill me with your empty promises and lies.
1	good day?...haha..i guess... i think i've fallen in love w/ a voice..not a person, but their voice...lol things r going fine. if liking them makes u happy, then like them. theres not realy problem 2 that..not yet though. i realized just how competative i am...haha don't tell me something thats not true...if its something u like...then tell me...i would love 2 listen.   **SHELLI**- she's the definition of love. shes always there 4 u.   KISS
1	engine room tonite!! yay~~~~~  underoath hopesfall The chariot Fear before the march of flames!! 7PM!!! SO FREAKING BE THERE!!!
0	Stupid livejournal being in 'read-only mode' for a billion years. when other people are posting, too. *pokes it*  Ngh, I'm fighting to remember to use capitals here... Dan is infecting me with his shift-key-is-evil bit.  Theatre sports on Friday, I can't remember if I said that or not. 'Team' lineup keeps changing, at the rate of, oh, every day. *headdesk* Save me.  I hate keeping the log for health class. It just reminds me how much my eating/sleeping/exercise habits suck. Actually, for that matter, I hate mostly everything recently. And I have become very argumentative. It bothers me a little, plus it got me thrown out of Oliver's class today. Not that that was a major setback.. but it's just, I'm tired of people walking all over me, and apparently this is the alternative. Somehow I can never manage to land in the middle... *siiigh*   p.s. I wrote another poem which I may put up if I decide it's halfway decent.
0	Tell me... what is dark art? Cause surely I wish I could draw dark art. Unfortunely... I don't have the right tools, colors, and softwares to complete this type of art.  ... everything... is my fault...  Rags: Why is that?  Cause it is. I don't think my talent can match up to those other dark artists. What does it take to become one? I need those michrome pens. (I think that's what their called).  *sigh*... deviantart sucks... nobody likes me... nobody likes my art... nobody ever likes my art...  If you ACTUALLY CARE then check my deviantart account at:  http://platinum-dragon4.deviantart.com/    I need to get a life and fast...
0	:(  well im home alone, sick... i guess it could be worse if my parents were home (then i couldnt get on the computer)...  but im glad that i got to talk to felix today! &lt;3 ^_^  I think maybe we will talk later but i have to make a voice recording for him with my sicky voice &gt;_&lt; lol.  hmmm   well i'll be in the living room watching the Great Escape or Blazing saddles ;)   im done now :P bye   http://fs6.deviantart.com/i/2005/03 7/5/2/____Nightcrawler_____revised_by_Ke lume.jpg   :) pic drawn by myself ^^
1	So, I've knocked myself out of my daze long enough to come and update.  I had a glorious weekend.  I went to Hogsmeade with Pansy, and we went to many different places. Of course, Professor Lupin and Snuffles  Ack!  It's the dog with the teeth and the growling and the biting! were there.  Pansy just had to show them these clothes.  Oh, I bought Pansy that teddy bear I've been promising her... Hopefully it helps.  She'll have to tell me the next time I see her.  I got my chocolate from Honeydukes.  That's a plus.  I just really enjoyed my time with her this weekend.    Of course, I enjoyed my time with her earlier that week in the dorms... *grins*  I wouldn't mind getting back together with her again.  I wonder what everyone else did this week?  
1	Australian Pink Floyd and the outdoor dance are on the same day. I dont know which one to go to.
0	Made a  big  mistake tonight.          Can't change it now. Doesn't that make me feel great. Actually, I feel  like shit even after talking with Ben. Man, I really feel great. My  mother just scolded me by saying, "And after your escapade tonight,  don't make plans with anyone without checking with me." Wonderful. I  honestly don't care, it's not like I freakin' do anything anyways. Good  grief. I have no friends. Screw it. I'm back where I was in November.  Never feeling happy anymore.        Can't wait to get out of this hell hole. It effin' sucks.  To the top again, stressed to the max, never home to update. Miss being  able to get by with doing nothing, forget that now. Life's back to  sucking in most aspects.      &nbsp;Lyrics for my feeling: Blaine Larsen - How Do You Get That Lonely
0	fuck. seriously. since ive been gone i not only gained what i lost, but i now weigh more than i have EVER weighed in my life. :( i weigh 262. how on earth could i let this happen to myself? why is it everytime i get off my diet i gain the weight back plus more? i really feel small and insecure that i let myself go like this.    at any rate.. im back .
0	This is the second time I've "lost" my planner and then found it in my locker a day later. What the hell?  Segment 2 is the most boring thing evaaaa and I still have another day of it.  It's 9:54pm. I should be doing lots of homework.
1	I'm finally feeling a bit better from last week (death by tonsilitos) now my doctor is practically demanding that i get my tonsils out ...eep! *runs and hides* Work offered me a permanant part time position, which is good cos now i have permanant hours that i can rely on instead of just hoping that i get enough shifts to pay for such and such... only thing is the hours are pretty shite =/ but that can't be helped. I got my Incubus ticket yesterday :o) I got thru straight away but they wouldn't give me 6 floor tickets, whats with that!?!?! so i had to hang up and try to get thru again and just get seating tickets, BASTARDS! Also my freind got me a Blink 182 ticket so apparently i am seeing them as well in all there teeny*boppery*goodness ;o) The trains are still stuffed today so i have to leave for work ultra early to make sure i get there in time (but usually i end up too early) ARGH!  But you know what? its all ok cos this weekend is  Transmission  ...  see you there O_o 
1	I just got my new hire packet!!...AND THERE WAS MUCH REJOICING!! Not that I think it even exists anymore...but relative job security is a good thing!!
1	Thanks for all the input on my earlier entry.  My starter kit is coming on Monday (yay!) and I went to my first unit meeting last night and was pinned (double yay!).  And, after a lot of discussion with my recruiter, directer, and fiance, I think I'm going to start out with an inventory order of $1800.  Everyone was completely non-pushy and just helped me lay out my options and the pros and cons to everything.  However, since my fiance and I can afford it quite easily with savings, I'm opting for that.  However, I'm waiting to actually put together an order until at least Monday, just to make sure I'm not purchasing purely in the afterglow of signing up and being pinned.  Anyway, that's all for now. :o)
0	Yeah, all the stars drip down like butter, Promises are sweet, We hold out our pans, lift our hands to catch them. We eat them up, drink them up, up, up, up   Hey, let me in. Hey, let me in.   I only wish that I could hear you whisper down, Mister fisherman, to a less peculiar ground. He gathered up his loved ones and he brought them all around To say goodbye, nice try.   Hey, let me in. yeah yeah yeah Hey, let me in. Let me in.   I had a mind to try to stop you. Let me in. Let me in. I’ve got tar on my feet and I can’t see. All the birds look down and laugh at me. Clumsy, crawling out of my skin.   Hey, let me in. yeah yeah yeah Hey, let me in. Hey, let me in. yeah yeah yeah Hey, let me in.
0	...and after all of that last night there  still  was no e-mail in my in-box this morning.  Sometimes I feel like when I leave LA I disappear completely...
1	    &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    indiana jones are love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        I did this thing, and it nailed it on the f***in' head!! "Hiya Indy!"
1	Actually, I turned it in yesterday, so today was my first day of freedom! ^_^  Well, okay, I've still got other things going on, but the big project is done.  It's probably the biggest single project I've worked on in terms of time and effort.  I suppose things like HHC might have taken more total time, but when you're going episode by episode, and you can put the project behind you bit by bit, it's not quite so stressful.  It's certainly been a new experience and I'm sure the next big project won't be nearly as bad, now that this one's behind me.  It's good to know that I can pull something like this off. ^_^  And now, to enjoy a little free time and get some of the neglected chores done. ^^;
0	 Why are boyz so retarded?   Ok like Keil...I now consider him a friend even though I want him more than flies want poop...but I am chillen ciz of his gurl, but I want to hang out with him so we can become better friends, but i make him,  UNCOMFORTABLE  and he asked me,   What would you do if you had a bf and someone who you had NO interest in liked you ALOT and that made you feel weird, and he asked you to hang out?    So..if he SO doesnt like me, why do I make him feel akward...is there somethin there that he is denyin cuz hes gotta gurl? Or does he really have no interest? Some things he does proves his no interest thing to be very wrong.......but I dont know...I believe that I got to him, and hes afraid that if we hang out, he will realize that he DOES like me, and he doesnt want to face that.  Pisses me off that I can never win with this love bullshit! BLLMMMPH!   Someone please explain to me why guys are such weenies!
0	Hey, I figured out what happened to our beloved e-scrabble.com.  I hope hasbro buys it or something.  And if they do, they better not make it full of adds and crap.   http://www.e-scrabble.com/desist.ht ml 
0	Changed the layout a little bit. Well not layout per say, but the titles of the page. I have a new icon to, but I'm to lazy to upload it. Stayed home tonight. Watched Closer. It was wierd, but Jude Law is hot :D and the guy Larry in it? Reminds me of my ex Larry. Creepy. Ugh. So much to do, and just not doing it. Ugh. I read this guys journal entry, I've been reading his journal for a few months now, and it depressed me. So yeah.
1	No silly people.. not MY baby yet!!!  My cousin and his gf just had their baby Keegan McCool delivered by c-section on Tuesday the 15th!! 19 inches long and 7+ pounds she's not overly big nor small. They took her a bit early because they were worried that her head was swelling a bit, but she seems to be doing just fine!!
1	All right, I'm going to give this a shot. Now mind you this is our first little jaunt into the world of Pass Along Pieces, so things might be a bit muddy at first. But we're going to try it anyway.   For our first Pass Along Piece I thought I would do a little one-word challenge. The word that the story should involve or be based around is "existential". I don't care where the story goes, so long as it involves that word somewhere.   Now, for those who are still confused, if you want to participate in this little challenge you should merely reply to this post saying that you do and I shall create a list, give them numbers and make sure each of you knows which order you are to write in. Sound good? I'll start.   (Begin comment) I would really like to participate in this one. Being the moderator of the community and all I think it would be a swell idea for me to probably write a bit in it.  Thanks! (/comment)  Right. There we go ^_^
1	Hi, everyone!  I'm new to this community!  My name is Lynn and I'm 21 and from NJ.  Just wanted to say that next to Ted, Emmett comes close as my favorite character!  And he and Ted are so gosh-darn cute together!  Since I don't get Showtime, I have to watch QAF on DVD.  I'm up to the second disc of the second season, where Michael is about to buy Buzzy's and Ted is going to create his porn website.  I loved the little storyline where Emmett was the maid for that supposedly "monogamous" couple.  Episode 5 of the second season has to be one of my favorites so far.  Emmett is so adorable in that episode!  But isn't he always?  So very glad to be part of this community! ^_^
1	Ahh, I am spending this week doing things for myself (with just a little bit of homework mixed in there).  Yesterday was an &#252;ber-lazy day as I sat around watching TV for hours on end, and had a nap with the cat in my lap.   Today I spent the afternoon downtown at the  California Academy of Sciences .  It was my first visit there since the Academy was moved out of Golden Gate Park, and due to space constraints they have significantly fewer exhibits now than they did before.  (I'll be looking forward to when the new Academy opens in 2008, bigger and better than ever.)  Needless to say I took  a bunch of photos.         Tomorrow I'm taking off for a two-day mini-vacation consisting of a safari, hiking and whales.  I will return with a photographic record of my travels.
1	The fates have intervened and given us an opportunity to raise money for the next BB. We're going to participate in a Tag sale at the Squire Village in Sunderland, the weekend of September 5th (a Sunday).   All who are interested in participating should let me know.   Stay tuned for details!
1	To-do list for impending hobbit visit:   Shopping list  - scotch - beer - wine - pop -  chocolate  - snacks - breakfast food - juice - milk  - Make up guest room  - Look up restaurants in area so risking my cooking is unnecessary  - Reserve two play tickets   - Have fireplace cleaned and make sure woodpile is stocked   Sean, Billy, give me a call when you get back from your camping trip and let me know if there's anything in particular you'd like for breakfast.. or second breakfast for that matter *grins*
0	Finally got to see Leagally Blonde.  Thats a really good movie.  It makes me sad though :'(
0	I have few words at this time. .. the memories.  Phil and John, thank you for the laughs and the goodness of better and best times. May peace be with you and your families and may the Father bless your souls with eternal peace. We'll miss you.
0	so i got stood up today. it feels horrible. and i think im growing apart from all my friends. everyhting just going downhill for me. i quit. i just quit life alltogether. im tired, and i feel like SHIT.   ill glue a wig to my face and join the circus 
0	My crush loves another girl. Doncha hate those friend crushes? Doncha?  Well, that's pretty much it 0_o besides this girl who totally SMURFS me off is talking behind my back. I found out one of my friends is siding with her NONSENSE. &gt;_&gt;  Thus ends my wrath.   ~Bball is SMURFED by Stacy~
1	Hey guys!  The chat is scheduled for   April 17 9 pm - midnight GMT   .  Which means it is sort of going on RIGHT NOW!  Sorry for the late notice... :D
0	Today is Thursday. We got out of school early because of snow...  and economics is a joke, so i did this countdown  4 Days - Senior Cut Day 14 Days - Crazy For You 24 Days - Panim 27 Days - Spring Break (aka wishing I was in Orlando) 42 Days - Hagesher Spring Convention 52 Days - ROTC Trip 92 Days - Senior Prom 106 Days - Graduation  then its Summer, when i can see the people I care about before i go to college  and how do you call Israel...i have a number, and I want to use it, but i dont know how to use it  the number i have   0525668845  what do i add, or take away or what...and when i get the calling card, do i call from my cell or from a land line...? Cause i want to call someone thats over there, someone who made me smile...
1	Wow...I am happy. Besides the fact i have a D maybe F in Physics, i'm happy as hell. I'm going to college...I dunno where but, i'm goin! i have a wonderful girlfriend whom i love with all my heart. And i have awesome friends.....happy happy....tired tired...happy...tired...hap...tir...h...t. ...ASLEEP!
1	Got my snowboard via Fedex today. Fedex rocks, by the way.  Now I just have to figure out how to put this thing together. I've never done this part before. I'm looking for tab a, I think it needs to go in slot b.  I picked up the board from a Google ad for "boardsforless.com", a Yahoo store. The board I got was the Sprinter Silence '03. It looks pretty sweet. The design on it is very plain - it was one of the few plain designs there actually. I picked it based on price and design - I couldn't find any reviews for it. In fact, finding review sites has been quite a chore - the only one I did find had user reviews which were not moderated, and as such could have easily been astroturfing. Not interested.  Anyone know of a good snowboarding magazine?
0	cant wait for 23rd july to arrive. Till then m bust. Got 3 project iterim submissions, mide terms, article writing et al. Assignmets, presetatios and case studies area part of life now. 23rd oh so faaaaaaaaaaar away... :(
1	I just found out that "Destiny." is a finalist in the MultiVision Media Showcase Competition! If it wins, there's money involved...  It's cool, though - just being a finalist is a great addition to my resume.
0	well its been awhile and i thought i would start to use this again. alot has happened since ive updated. my dad died, my two closes friends(kenny and kristin) live 6 hours away, and i rarely get to see them. which sux, and kenny is in a band that rocks and i love their music. but it just sux not being down there in st louis, its almost like a natural high, everyone is cool down there and up here, in indiana, life is depressing. i hope i can get down there soon, the sooner the better.
1	I think that, aside from the whole "Jesus being born" thing, Christmas lights are my favorite part of the holiday.
1	Sort of saw this one coming...             Your Inner European is Italian!                     Passionate and colorful.  You show the world what culture really is.         Who's Your Inner European?   
1	it was snuggled under the covers in my BED.  and i wondered what was in there being an uncomfortable bother!   hahahahaahaha &lt;3 life b&#233;a
1	all of the hosts are working now.  yay!  it'll probably only last for a day or so.  my luck.  if you want to see my "creation" for church ?  cornerstone8.org 
1	Yes, I've had it with this place. It just sucks....:) No, but seriously, I'm sure you've all heard about Hurricane Ivan. Well, it looks like it's gonna hit around here, so that means classes are cancelled...for the rest of the week! So, because there's a mandatory evacuation, I will be coming home to Novatoland tomorrow morning and will be there all week! Sweet, sweet....
0	 I got an  upper GI test thingy today. I saw my insides! how awesome is that???  anyways, i don't have an ulcer! But i am probably allergic to wheat.  Which means no more pancakes, muffins, bread, cookies, pasta, cereal or  anything else that has wheat in it...i might not be able to go on.                            WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?!??!!?? 
1	i voted!! the line was a half hour long and i got there at 8:30. it feels so good to know that  at least i did my part.   america, don't fuck this one up!!!
0	Have you ever heard the expression "what goe around comes around?" Well, you know how I have been bitching about Mr. Wilhelm  in general for the past year or so? Yeh, the God of Teenage Bitchiness saw this and, with revenge in her heart, caused me to, well, not make sophomore ensemble. "Now she'll be sorry that she complained about the list being hung up! She owuldn't have wanted it to if she knew she hadn't made it!" But yes, I am a big girl now. I have not cried (visibly) and my heart is not broken. In fact, it may very well go on. I just wish that i had not complained so much!
0	I had a really awful day today. Well actually, the beginning was okay. But then it just sort of culminated in me bitching out a few of the nursing homers cuz they were being really obnoxious. And I felt just like what I was- the random person who randomly freaks out and everyone's like wtf is their problem. So I went to the bathroom to be alone and then I came back and it was like WHAM fifth nosebleed in the past week. Which is ridiculous.
1	So who wants to take care of me over the Christmas break? ;-)
0	We went to see  Beauty and the Beast  on Broadway Thursday night.  I usually cry at happy endings (I just feel sick when it's something sad), but I got more choked up when Belle was reading about King Arthur than when the Beast was transformed back to his princely form.  I think my daughter was right--it looked like someone was playing "Spin the Mummy" while they attempted to dazzle us with the lights.  On the other hand it may just be depression.  I've been very down recently, especially since my last visit to my psychiatrist.  I'm not sure the latest med is really helping, but all we did was increase the dosage.
1	I’m going to have to put the SasuSaku doujin on a super, long hold. I’ve been redoing pages I’ve already finished. Adding things, more stories for the doujin, etc…  I just found out that my sis is getting married, which is just super cool! YAY! She started the wedding plans, but needs to get together with her soon to be sis-in-law. She’s leaving the country this month for two weeks. Then after I finish school I have to go with her to Pakistan for the actual wedding. We’ll probably be there for like two months or before I start college. Arrange marriage anyone?  But going to Pakistan in the summer is just plain crazy and stupid. Too caliente! I wish she had planned it for winter that would be so cool.   College, OMG! I will soon start college…  Scary!
1	I'm going to Florida! :) I'm leaving on March 5 so I can go down for a few days and still be back for Sarah's wedding.   Since I'm not going to Chicago for the bachelorette party, I'm glad I'm going to be able to go somewhere.
1	Damn, but John Picacio can paint.           The press release .   I got  so  lucky when I got hooked up with Picacio.
1	Hello peoples. I post again. I have not much time before I go to bed, but I'll try to squeeze in something... I loves this song... Really pretty, and it shows that, down to the end of his life, Freddie Mercury was just as brilliant as he'd ever been... I officially can't wait for the release of Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories. Nope. If they end up pushing it back past Christmas, I'll go insane. Seriously, I have a plane ride to Michigan on the week of, and I'm counting on that game to keep my brain from swooshing out my ears. Of course, I'll probably go crazy anyways, waiting for Kingdom Hearts 2, but what can ya do? I wish Freddie Mercury hadn't died... or John Lennon. The world would be so much better of a place if two lives had been spared... Okay, I should go before my brain starts swooshing into this entry... In the words of GIR, "G'bye! ...G'bye! .....G'bye! G'bye! .... G'bye! ..."
0	     Surprise! by   waywardpixie        Username           In a bizarre twist of fate    you are invited to the playboy mansion for the weekend. Due to your shining personality and your huge ‘assets’ you are offered a permanent invitation and decide to stay forever.             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 3.0  !       in other news, i'm going to fail my elder abuse paper. why? because the TA claims my proposal was "too theoretical" and "too abstract". she wants more " empirically determined facts" and "numbers" in the  final version, due in a week (p.s. to sociology: you're not fooling anyone with your so-called 'statistics'. damn artsies masquerading as sciencies.). and as i am totally incapable of logical thought, i will fail. the end.
1	This entry is all about Michelle! today was her 20th birthday and she is so hot and great and wonderful. She is crazy and fun and now learning Croatian!!!!!! It was a good day for her overall, it had its moments but I think it was mostly good. the worst was the weather that was just shit today... boo birthday weather. I got her some dvd and some care bears which she loves.  We are gonna finish the day by watching Tivo, how much better can it be!
0	I got my corrections list through today. I just don't have the confidence to deal with this sort of stuff. Actually, there aren't that many. but its no good, no matter how I look at it, there are too many. I feel cross at the internal, he should have supported me better. but still. its a blow. no words describe how I'm feeling right now. prolly best of not trying
1	    Yep, my journal is now Friends Only! And much thanks to kinomotou for making my FO banner!!!
1	   TODAY-  Laundry, sorting through all the Easter stuff my kids got.       WFD-  Chicken Teriyaki       QOTD-The price tag on the pants you are buying is $28, but the salesperson has only rung up $24. Do you ask if there is a mistake? &nbsp; No, I would just pay for it and go.  
0	I'm bored.  Well, not bored.  More like apathetic.  I've done nothing today.  A lot of that has to do with the fact that we were out til 5 watching the superbowl and then had to get up at 8 for class.  But... meh.  We got back from Vienna yesterday, which was beautiful.  I'm glad to be back in Prague, though.  It's just that... I don't know.  I don't know what is going on in my head.  All I know is that... the majority of the time... I don't want to go out.  At all.  Going out even one night a week seems to drain me.  I've never been like that before and I don't know why I'm like that now.  Goose just signed on.  It has lifted my spirits infinitely :)
1	omg!omg!omg!      The episode will feature guest star Joel Grey, appearing on several episodes this spring as a mysterious man impersonating Ron Rifkin's Arvin Sloane, hot on the trail of some Rambaldi secret or other. Amy Irving, who hasn't visited the show since 2003, will also appear as Emily Sloane, which should intrigue regular "Alias" viewers.    from this article   The episode (the one Jen is directing) is titled "In Dreams" so we're likely talking about an imagined appearance, but still, SQUEE!  The article says the episode will also be full of Rambaldi stuff. Be still my heart.
1	IT IS FINISHED. :)  Went to Rancho today. Finalized menus :)  Appetizers: crab dungettes on sliced baguette fresh fruit platter chicken satay with sweet hot thai sauce  Salad: Fresh field greens w/ choice of dressings  Entrees: Santa Maria Style tri-tip in burgundy mushroom sauce grilled chicken with artichoke and tomatoes in roasted garlic sauce  Accompaniments: roasted garlic mashed potatoes steamed vegetable medley  Dessert: cake!!  Yummy yummy yummy. I'm so excited. We also walked around and saw where everything is going to go. To do: -call decorator -order extra 2 dozen daisies (for cake and memory table) -invitations! Including going to Kinkos and having them make me inserts -craft night! making the pens, centerpieces, unity candle and whatever else -gather all finished stuff and keep it together Hooray!! It's almost here! -buying the rest of the centerpiece materials
1	looks like there will be part 2 of  Red Mary   http://www.sengo.org/redmary/  *cheers* yet they are still organizing the webbie, i suppose.. :| usually, 2nd season/ep./chapter/part/whatever... etc. turns out to be "shie+y" -x- i don't know... hopefully  RM2  would be way more exciting -^.^- and i DO hope it comes out asap 'x'
0	I made a 75 on my second Cal2 test, which will replace the 48 I made on the first test. That's good.  March 8--It feels like there is some significance to that date and I don't know why. It's Steph Gunn's birthday, and the last day to withdraw classes, but neither one of those is what is bugging me. Blah.  The last few weeks have been a giant juggling act for me. I wish I knew how to juggle.  I'm a bad person sometimes.
0	     its a very sad week for me. don't feel like explaining it all, the pictures show one reason.
0	Im done.  Graduation on friday, which means college here i come! i cant wait at all. im done with this town.  Im done trying to prove that im a person im not. I turned into someone i dont want to be, and no one wants me to be, and i dont think there is anything i can do to change it. im trying really. it hurts to not be who i want myself to be. it sucks.  I need some emily-time. that will do me good.   Im done.
1	gosh...it's been a really long time since i've updated! and not really all that much has happend. I'm still madly in love with tommy (6 months tomorrow) and i just got a new job. i'm not going to say where so no one can bug me or make fun of me! k well i guess thats about all i have to say.     hi david and jen i hope you two are havin fun!   I love you tommy!
0	ugh.. i never thought i'd be like this again, but i am.  shari leaves tomarrow for camp and will be back saturday, but i leave for the beach saturday so i wont see her till the 14th when i get back unless i have to come back early due to hurricanes or something.  me and her both agreed that the time were gone on vacation will be good for us, but i dont care, im gonna miss her more than anything just like when she went to California during spring break.   miss you shari.     *other than that, im doin alright
0	not much of anything lately justin, murrays, nikkie, jen, eric, kris aaron thats allthe only people i see when im not working and and sleeping im tired i just bought edward scissor hands and im watching it.
0	So....i found out friday i think it was ...that my friend Meagen Kinney had died, her funeral was today :-(...i miss Meagen...she was MMS's Dance Team coach when i was on the team...she was murdered at her own freakin house...that pisses me off sooo bad...3 thirteen year old boys came up and were trying to rob her and she wouldnt give them the money so they shot her...that sickens me
1	Yes, I am really a snake.   This is my website .  Look forward to new entries as I make new friends and embark on new adventures... because while the website may give you the news, you'll only get the real scoop here
0	It sort of sucks I cant talk to Hybrid that much and i love talking to her she's the best . We have so much in common! I havent told her this yet but I might get to go to New York(she lives there) this summer!! I'll tell her when my step dad gets tickets to the Yanks game. But untill he gets the tickets I have no idea if I'm going to go there so thats why I havent told her this yet. I miss her already. Well it could be worse she could live in a different time zone or another country. So bye for now. God I miss Hybrid.
1	So ya i'm in St.Louis and its wicked nice out I went to the like botanical garden today and now im gonna go swimming in 2 secounds On like Thursday I went to some stupid concert that sucked and like had seats psh Then I slept over Laura's with Ana and that was pretty sweet and now poool. yesss
1	i have to wake up at 8 tomorrow b/c i have to take davis to the bus stop. woot!!  i hat the fact taht i have to wake up that early, but all my friends wake up earlier, so why does it matter? lol..i'm just complaining thats all!  so yea, huntersville tomorrow. woot!  my grandma is taking my mom and i...i'm excited b/c that means good food and good shopping!! huntersville has GREAT shopping...they have soooooooo many stores and such great clothes. if i lived there, i swear i'd have everything in everyone of the stores. lol! i'm sooo excited!!  well i'm going to bed now...  love alway~  **especially lauren tonight**
0	Today was not a good day. Kagome told me of this evil witch lady who's trying to tear InuYasha and Kagome apart. She will stop at nothing to do so, so I am worried about my sister. I'm also worried about Maggie. She went on a walk at 3 pm this afternoon. It's now 11:15 pm. Her host parents stopped by and were pretty shaken up. I'm really scared for her. Maggie, where are you? :(   On a lighter note, Kagome and the others have returned from Yokohama.
0	I want my step dad to come back to life.. Like, right now.  -Ben-
1	I have good news the family room is pretty much done!! But they are hooking up the cable and other stuff right now. As long as it involves electricity then they will be working on it now. That is all for now! BYE!! Also if I don't write back tomorrow then... HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!!!:) ) !
0	The irony of today is... I am wearing a T-shirt from the last school I was waiting to hear from, and today they called me to say that I was not accepted to their program.  How do you deal with such news?  How do you process it without breaking down? I wanted to yell, scream, cry... but I don't know how to anymore.  I feel empty.  As much as there are some other options I can still work with, I feel like there is nothing left,  As I write this, I am running out of things to say.  To speak honestly, I am not built to do a doctorate. I think these last few months has proven that point.  So what is left?  Well shit... I have no idea.  I need to get out of this state, but the more I say that, the more I remain here.  So I move on to see what's next.
1	I know very little about some of the people on my friends' list. Some people I know relatively well. I read your fic, or we have something else in common and we chat occasionally. Some of you I hardly know at all. Perhaps you lurk, for whatever reason. But you friended me and I thank you.  But here's a thought: why not take this opportunity to tell me a little something about yourself. Any old thing at all. Just so the next time I see your name I can say: 'Ah, there's so and so...he likes alphabetising his CD collection.'  I'd love it if every single person who friended me would do this. Yes, even you people who I know really well. Then post this in your own journal.  Sharing is good.
0	There are so many communities for people with eating disorders here on livejournal - the kind of communities in which they support each other not to recover from the disease but just dwell deeper in it. They talk about it as if it was normal, healthy way of life.  It's just so disgusting and disturbing.  I remember when I read "Wasted" by Marya Hornbacher. It's a novel in which she tells about her own experiences with anorexia and bulimia, and it was not a pleasant book. It made me cry. :(
0	You will be remembered forever!      Carrie girl I thought about you all day. I know you're mad at me that I forgot your anniversary. I'm sorry. I know you try to talk to me sometimes and I just don't listen.  Its too hard and too sad. How I miss those days like we were in that picture. It seems like forever ago. I'm sorry I let you down and turned you away.  I'll never forgive myself for giving up on you or giving in or letting go..whatever it was that happened.  I replay those days in my head like a video. I wish I could get all those people together.  I don't regret anything we experineced together, it really contributed to who I am and will always be.
1	today was the fist time EVER that I was told "good job" for yelling at a custemer. I have a had job.. it's called shopping. But I was told not to take any shit from peopel so I didn't. WHen people get into my face then I get into theirs and it made my boss happy. He laughed at first to see a small girl pushing around the big truch drivers. I'm sure it is funny to watch.
1	Just for anyone/everyone who's been irritated with my moods, I'm happy today :) I finished sending out applications for vaction clerkships yesterday and I've realised now how much of a mess my desk is.. We've got hockey this afternoon! I've still got a cough and a heavy chest but I should be right to have fun - the coach is putting me on the wing instead of inner so there'll be less running :) Speaking of hockey, I should ring Jana back sometime today. I rang her yesterday and my phone credit ran out and hung up and I haven't called her back yet, hehe. Oh, and my most important announcement - the taps in the back bathroom shower won't turn off very easily, I think the washer need fixing, so we need to shower upstairs in mum and dad's shower, which we never do. That means waiting for them to not be in their room and.. all that, so I didnt shower last night. Am feeling like I could really use a shower.
1	this awesome picture was hidden in Abby/      kittenplague   's photobucket.        It's crazy. I never knew that that picture was even TAKEN. Even though I obviously posed for it. :P   Tonight I went shopping with my mom, and she bought me Flinstones Vitamins!
1	 I'm happy cuz I've just been shopping online - honestly, whenever you're not happy enough to dance round the room like a fuckwit, buy some stuff. Doesn't matter what it is (if it's something you want and can easily afford it's better, but meh), but buying anything from a cheap box of teabags to a really expensive pair of shoes can cure unhappiness - just for a short time, but sometimes that short time can be exactly what you need. Anyway ....          Offensive, but brill. :) Both from  Smell Your Mum .  Becky Bloomwood was right - SHOPPING ROCKS! :D   - b.k. x  
1	What an amazing party at the Cobbs' new pad.  First off, the house was beautiful...they want me to move in for a couple hundred a month, which sounds great to me, but too far from work and I should probably stay with mom.  I was the first one there, so we just hung out, smoked cigs and started drinking the jungle juice.  Little by little people started showing up and people that I haven't seen in years and people I never imagined I would ever see again.  Damon and Dana Oshima were there from Vegas, Nick Ferguson and his wife from O.C., Garrett Miles, Chris Snell (old school grad), Jon Key (Miki and Jen's bro), and some more old school grads--'92 - '89.  We ate, drank, smoked cigs and got wasted.  Chris Snell came with 4 friends in a crazy stretch SUV limo and took us all out to a club in it in, which was awesome.  Then when the club shut down, we headed back to Chris and Miki's place and partied some more.  Good times.
0	i cant even explain how depressed ive been for the last whole week. sometimes i wish that things were like they used 2. like when we were little kids. things seemed easier and my heart could never be broken. yes me and james broke up. :(
0	I finished queen of wands today.  i'm sad cause it was good and now there is no more... i suppose I still have Something Positive to read.  ah yes i'm rambling today in like every conversation I have and I think i'm beginning to annoy the people I talk to cause everybody just stops commenting or just goes and finds somewhere else to be.  : (                   I don't want to lose my friend again, and I'm really afraid that if it happens again it might be permament.  and even though it's not like she's my best friend I don't want to see someone go through that. even if i never see her again out of high school I want her to be okay...
1	  YES!!! well today i had a report due in history but the chick in front of me spend half a frikin hour on hers and the peron in front of her did a pretty long one too!! godness god saved me!!!! yes i am in such a good mood! and today in pe we played basbeall which kicked butt!  
1	  margaret had fun painting yesterday at my place.   and i did this a few days ago...
1	HE'S OOOURRSSSS!!!!!!!!!  EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  PUPPYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Woo. Okay.  ...  XD!
1	well okay rich text isnt working... anyways  ONLY FOUR MONTHS LEFT!!!  haha it's kinda funny that i have the Swing Thing, Art Quest, Faerie Fest, and Prom, and all i am excited about is WBC which is so far away....i am such a nerd.  and by the way the swing thing is next saturday at 2 and 7:30 @ jesus the good shepard in Calvert county and you should all come and enjoy the music and deserts!
0	im crying again..its been awhile. What triggered it this time? I guess its been lingering all day.   ..im cold, and unhappy...
0	i'm excited.  only 2 more hours in this wretched hell-hole.  going to the mall for a pearl necklace.  not like that sicko.  my mom is hell bend on getting me "something i can keep forever" for my 21st birthday.  how about a lifetime supply of vodka?  i'd enjoy that more i think.  good times, good times...  my body is sore from pilates, and other physical exertions... ;)  hell yeah.  ok.    fuck you, gotta go!  *kristyn*
1	 http://www.letigreworld.com/sweepst akes/html_site/song/deceptacon/deceptaco nvideo.html    he's on the right, his name is Michael Lynch...coolest thing ever
1	  the 2 phones, Motorola Timeports on Telus    DarkStar Inc yea boyeeeeee... Both phones have this on the display    One of the phones is missing the motorola badge/sticker found below the earpiece    Here you see the other phone, which has the badge/sticker, but has some superficial damage to the paint/coating on the upper half of the phone       Artist:  Linkin Park  -=|=- Album:  Meteora  -=|=- Track:  Nobody's Listening  
0	The more and more I read into this person's journal, I go further into this depression. I am holding the anger back. It just hurts to read what I see. You get caught up into something and then everything is crushed 'cause you wait to long. I guess I need to move on. Stand strong and not to let it get the best of me. It's kind of hard to talk about it. I don't even want to talk with person in whom it's about, but whatever. I will deal with it accordingly like everything else.
1	Went checking on friends today. Seems like the bad news outside of Colorado mostly went away. replaced with 1 friend potentially in bad shape but not super bad yet so its not panic time yet. One friend landed a new job, which is usually good. No updates from Colorado, but the bad news there was mostly minor stuff, except the job market sucking. hopefully people aren't hiding the bad news from me because of yesterdays self-centered mildly whiny post.
0	why isn't it the 60's? why aren't we all hippies? i wish it were the 60's and i wish i were a hippy
0	Well today was my first day of high school. It's definatly alot different than middle school, which I do miss. I'm surprised I wasn't a nervous wreck today. We had a "Freshman Fling" yesterday so we all were not lost ships at sea in that mob of people. I barley get to see my friends and my boyfriend.   The day was ok, better than i expected. I didn't get lost thankfully. My classes, well the first two i really like. But the other two I'm beginning to dread. Algebra and Gym, never liked either one to begin with. Homework on the first day though. Vocabulary in World History, which is hard. about half of the words were not in the book so we all have to make one up or look the word up.   I miss summer some. Staying up late at night working in Paint Shop Pro, talking to people, and gawking at Jason Isaacs....ok I miss summer alot. But I guess if you only had a little over two months off you'd miss it so much too.
1	My Best Friend  Forever darling as my friend Bonding us together one Perfect fit as fate intends Never to be caused undone  Passion's promise we have founf And desire unrestrained Pleasures of the flesh abound Taken to a higher plane  All my life consumer by you We stay blind to any other Growing old, we still hold true Vowing love to one another  And when the growing end is near Circling round the mist called death Holding fast the thoughts so dear I speak your name with life's last breath
0	Somehow I don't feel I deserve to be here. I didn't really have to work to get a place here - sure, I passed exams and all, but all that was largely me learning and applying stuff that interested me. It seems to me that so far everything I've been doing was generally speaking for my own enjoyment. I never had a job or anything where I had to earn money by doing something for others, and I couldn't handle one while studying here. All the excellent education I get here is paid for by my parents ... and I can see nothing I could possibly give back to them to thank them for everything they've done for me. It seems to me that I'm on the receiving end everywhere in my life, just consuming and never giving anything back, like a parasite. I want to give something back, to make other people happy ... but I can't think of anything I could do. I don't have the imagination to draw or write, nor the skills to make anything that others could enjoy. It all makes me feel worthless.
1	 Hey you. Yes. You. Friend. Enemy. Stranger. Are you breathing? Let me feel it. Reply to this entry on a whim.  You can say anything about anything.  Me. You. Him. Her. Them. Envy. Passion. Hate. Love. Fear. Secrets. Confessions. Stories. Ideas. Facts. Myths. Legends. A N Y T H I N G.  Post anonymously if you'd rather, and always honestly. Enjoy yourself.   Eh, it's worth a shot.
1	All this thinking is starting to give me a headache.
0	How can anyone really  hate  children? I mean,I can understand disliking children (okay,no I can't,but that's just me so nevermind). But hate is such a strong word...I mean,we were all children once. That's just like saying you hated yourself... O.o
1	Who cares about me...i do i do  who cares about you...we do, we do    "I'm a delicate...dinosourious... to you this might be quite abrourious im a delicate, a delicate, a delicate...a cho!    Memories man!!!!!!!&lt;333333333333333333  I love all my friends!
1	today i woke up and looked out the window and it was so nice. i wore a black shirt today which was a stupid idea becuase it was 70 all day. me, darcy and erika had a huge water fight at school and im still soaked haha the bathroom had water all over the floor haha. we got drumsticks at lunch and all that sugar is finally getting to my head haha. well im off to go be in the sun!  xox &lt;3 me
0	Kenchan bad!  No update livejournal!  Kenchan get puuunished. -.-  Class in about 10 minutes so I'll make it brief for now.  My parents are meeeeeean to me!  They want me out of the house and they're cutting everything I want to do an imposing a bunch of crap in its place...the last week has been bad, my birthday was horrible, the days after were worse.  To top it off, I've been uber busy on gaia an I just can't keep up XD (meh but I do anyway ^^;)  I'm all set up and paid for Otakon though.  I can't wait to see nachan again, an meeting Grondax an Riven'll be awesome too!  I gotta work on my 'lil secret project though and have something special for them when I get there ~.^  AX was teh awesome; I'll have my journal up for that later, ja ne!
1	And i find myself smiling out loud its no longer in my head it transfers and sends brain waves to all the right places electricity is movement electricity is love and i find it in us, i find it in you electricity is happiness electricity is sexiness and its calling our names, im calling you so let the rose cut me  and the ground bruise me i dont even notice  when i look in your eyes blue eyes contrast dark skies beautiful motions on a cold nite.
1	AND AND AND....   i  did  whomp my design test's ass!  it's a B, but when you beat most of the people by like 20 points, that's considered whomping-its-ass in my book.
1	I have an appointment at a bridal studio in the centre of Cambridge at 2.30pm on Saturday 11th December, and I'd appreciate someone to come along and help me judge the various stuff I will be trying on - I'm a little nervous about going on my own.  Any offers?  Traditionally it should be a girlie thing (Tish?  I know you have a garden to finish so don't worry if you need to be muddy...  Bees?  It's been too long sweetie...), but since most of my friends are blokes I don't mind if one of the lads wants to come and stare at me in pretty dresses ;-)  Email or comment here if you'd like to help :-)
0	Weeeeeeeell it's official. Jess is in New York and I can't get ahold of her. I feel like shit.   What I should have done is "put my foot down" or something. Ha. But I didn't until it was too late. I was too busy being the self-righteous-boyfriend when I should have been a human being and told her how I felt about her going up there. Now I'm dealing with extreme stress and I feel awful. I'm drinking a gallon of water an hour right now.  Because I'm gonna piss allllll over this week.
0	hey I posted this on another comm a few days ago, but I'll post it over here as well.  Everyone please pray for my friend Jamie. His Mom just died of cancer, and he's taking it pretty badly. He talked to me tonight about it, and since I'm not someone he usually talks to, (he talked to me because I've been through something like this with one of my parents) it seems he's not doing so hot. Also please pray for his family too, they're all having to deal with it as well.   Also while most people here are Protestants, if those with Orthodox and Catholic beliefs would like to pray for her soul, I'm sure the family would appreciate that too.
0	I wish I could have stuff the way I want it!!I really think they should stop testing products on animals!They could kill or harm the animals!I wouldn't really care if they used Deer but they use dogs and cats and all the cute ones!I like someone in my School!He is real cute!But I asked him out and he said no!So ya thats preety stupid!!I don't think anyone in my school likes me but I don't care I just wanna get out of school forever!!!!!My friend thinks I am a witch cuz I have a spellbook,It's not like I use it!Just cuz she doesn't believe in witchcraft doesn't mean I don't!
1	Other than not really drinking the water I needed to I did really good today, cereal for brekkie, pb sammich for lunch a vanilla coke.  Havent had dinner yet but I have a chicken breast I'm going to cook and may make a chicken salad with it that would be tasty I think.  Still stoked about my weight loss and I've been thinking a LOT about the future, and if I get all this weight off and keeping it off ... that will be so hard but I think I've proven that I can do that even under difficult circumstances.  I just ... don't feel like eating as much anymore :).
0	I won't be hearing from my special someone for awhile either because of a major conflict problem or he got in trouble. Not sure which.... that makes me sad i miss you Mike So tonight for the first time in a long time i'm sad, lonley, depressed and plan angry in a way....wish July would get here so i could find out if Mike is the "real" one.
1	Happy birthday to the sweetest lady I know,       darthhellokitty     May your year be filled with love and laughter.
0	Boorink on spaceship. Onlee big Burlyman wantink to smooch snarlyman and... and... *shudders in fear*... put fings up his POO-HOLE! Poo! Tuftyman sleepink all teh bloody time (fink must bee Mommays fault Mommay ALWAYS pooey!) ant Vilaman is too sad, sniffle almost cried my moleyhead to EXPLOOSIUN wen tought Vilaman DYED! Ant Maskyman wont let me touch wiggly-pot wik wiggly-soil, poo, poo, poo.  Feel poo. POO.  Updeited rofile. Ses funy fings. Want more freinds POO!  Wiggle, burrowink in Mommays bed again. Lossa quilts blak one nise velvety remins me uf moleys. And wiggly-burrows.  BIG BIG POOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! Mommay sez we muss go to sleep, pooey work AGAIN. Hate Mommay sometimes.  *snuffles to the corner of the bed and cries, emotionally shattered by the RPG and Mommay's RL as he's only lickle.*
1	dont you love those songs that make you feel nice?  they make you feel butterflies bring back happy memories bring hope  convince us that we will find true love and everything will be okay
0	For Day 3 I think I'm doing pretty well. You know you remember good times and suddenly you're crumpled up on the floor like a mop full of fecal water, used to clean the overflown toilet upstairs. What I really could do without is everyone's stories: "yeah man, back when I dated..." "yeah, it was like that with..." I appreciate the help, but I just need time to heal, y'know? I would love to hear all of your stories but I can't listen to them right now...really I cannot.   I have really good friends and that helps a lot, so if you see me tell me a joke, make me a mix CD, pull my pants down and make fun of the fact that I'm a 22 year old and still wearing The Flash underroos. Seriously, right now the best thing anyone can do is help me keep my mind busy and off the matter at hand.   Also congrats to Roy Boy who finally got that monkey off his back...though it would've been better at KU and more deserved. Whatev...go Top Shelfers!
1	Whats going on im feeling much better from my freeking sickness, HEre EnJOy  Well I'm Jammin' John and he's Mixin' Manny Found the record party He asked "Oh, can we?" Absolutely, it's so amazing I'm on the mic and he's scratchin' crazy  Are you ready? Of course I'm ready Yo, are YOU ready? Yes, are you ready? I told you I was ready Are YOU ready? Yes, I'm ready  I recommend that you listen to this The combination of the two will pique your interest The fat cats are pushin' back for the incredible New words slack in the back cause he's scratch professional Now that's a conversation piece to talk about He speaks with his fingers and I run my mouth Nothin' more to say Leave it to the DJ Even if my vocals go hoarse, the fader still works  Well I'm Jammin' John and he's Mixin' Manny Found the record party He asked "Oh, can we?" Absolutely, it's so amazing I'm on the mic and he's scratchin' crazy  culby
1	From the e-mails and IM's I've been recieving, I don't think a lot of people got my Lost In Translation reference in my previous post. :P&nbsp;   So let me just rephrase this, Have a happy new year everyone! :)&nbsp;   Hopefully I'll post something more substantial later, but maybe not, who cares :P&nbsp; Just have a safe and happy new year.&nbsp; And for those of you who haven't seen Lost In Translation, see it, it's a good movie, but that's just my opinion.  I hope you all have fun plans for new years. :)&nbsp; Or more importantly 2005 will be even better than 2004 for all of you.&nbsp;             Anyway I'm out.&nbsp; Thank you St. Louis! *throws down mic*
0	Well, I know it's never easy.... but.... as time goes on.... i really feel it... what is good  is that i knew it befor... I knew it that it will  happen... so i am not freaking out.... but.... busines? i call it a series of disaster!
1	The humans are getting more and more confusing.  Earlier today, while I was waiting patiently for Mommy to come home, she did, and them shut me into the bedroom.  Then there was much loud banging.  Then Daddy let me out, and I discovered that my entie house was filled with new things to climb on, and crinkly bags, and round metally things.  Now I have an extra table to jump on!    And they aren't paying any attention to me, as they eat CHEESE!    But now Daddy's hugging me and Mommy's typing for me, so I'm happy.
1	We are flying to Edinburgh in a few hours for a wedding which should be great.  Scottish weddings are generally pretty fucking crazy.  So that will be good, then just going to see what kind of state we are in for the rest of the weekend and probably try to see something at the festival.    Went to Wagamamas last night with Howie G for some noodles and saki which was very nice thank you.  We think we have found a house - it is hideously ugly at the moment but very cheap because it needs a lot of work so we plan to buy it, spend 12 months working on it and then sell it for about £35,000 profit we reckon.  We go to see it on Monday so fingers crossed.  Right, better start getting ready I guess.  Have a good weekend y'all.
0	these tear stained eyes which gaze upon your face speak no lies, bold as dead fish they roll back and wish only for eternal sleep no more broken promises that they always tried to keep one final moment before this day becomes the night one last battle that my soul can't help but fight to speak the words that i know you hate hear 'i love you for all time' as i spill my final tear.
1	 still got no internet at my pc!    can't wait to go at Sinagpore with       pink_pantera12    ! MACHI!    another George and Mary adventure! hahaha    &nbsp;    &nbsp; 
0	Is it just me, or have the recent string of Horror movie releases been less than stellar?  I found "The Grudge" to just be boring and pointless (With or without SMG), and I was rather let-down by "Boogeyman."  It left me with a whole lot of "Wait a minute, what about ...?" questions.  I haven't heard a lot of good things about "White Noise", "Hide and Seek", and one other one I can't even remember the title of now.  So what's the consensus on these, and the new ones coming out ("The Jacket", and "Cursed" ?  Red
0	I've been putting it off, but I guess I should announce it now:  I will be moving from New York City to Poughkeepsie.  I have 8 days left on the grid, and to tell you the truth, I can't tell you exactly how I feel about it.  It's good for my career and my wallet.  I'll be walking distance to work.  On the other hand, I miss it terribly already.  I love The City, and sometimes, just being on the street is enough to pick up my mood.  I feel more at home here than I do anywhere else.     I'll be back.  I have to come back.  I suppose it could have been worse:   "And as we leave the moon and Tarus-Littrow, we leave as we came, and, God willing, as we shall return with peace and hope for all mankind. God Speed the crew of Apollo 17."   --Gene Cernan, The Last Man on the Moon
0	Yet another vacation spent by myself. Ilya's in Argentina so I can't exactly finish any movies. Life here is boring as hell. At least for me. I must have frequented the same websites 15 times a day. I don't know anymore. Where am I going? What am I doing? I feel lonely. This journal will only provide proof to my loneliness. How many of my 'friends' are going to read this? How many people know about it? How many care to know?   Best not to think about it. If I'm to blame here for my lack of friends and my failure at making first impressions, then I am simply at fault. I just don't see why I must suffer for it so much. I try not to judge people by first impressions. But its not that. It goes far beyond that, into an area where I sometimes think I radiate negative energy and just turn people away without so much as a single word.   I don't know. Forget it.
1	Its pretty cool, I got a message on friendster last night from the Bass player of By a Thread. How awesome is that. Yea ok im done for now.
1	Monette had a check in this morning, but they didn't keep him!  We're back home, with a new med to stimulate glutathione (a liver anti-oxidant), and enemas.  Yes, enemas. And he was mad over being force FED.  Can't wait to see how he reacts tonight.
1	Ewic and I have been together 5 months as of today.  Woohoohooooooooo!
1	One more load to take to goodwill this weekend.  Yay!  That's six loads we've taken if your keeping score.  And the dining room and living rooms are finally junk free.  I can actually *eat* at my dining table today.  WOW!  Haven't been able to do that in... in... since I don't remember when.  *smiles*  I'm a happy happy camper.  Okay... have to run load and take.  Yay!
1	Just a few days until we take off on our first ever tour!  Here's what our itinerary holds in store in case any of you around the area want to swing by a show.  (all times PST)  Monday, March 28 - Wibitravel'n' Tuesday, March 29 - appearance and interview on KKUP, 91.5FM, 08:00; Arch sing with FCS in Sproul Plaza, UCBerkeley, 12:00 Wednesday, March 30 - private workshop (11:30) and public show at Monte Vista HS, Cupertino (I believe that's the correct HS name), 20:00 Thursday, March 31 - performance with Fleet Street Singers, Stanford, time TBA Friday, April 1 - Arch sing with Golden Overtones in Sproul Plaza, UCBerkeley, 12:00  And at any point, possible appearances at open mic nights throughout the Bay.  If you need more information, or would like to book us for something, give me a ring on my cell.  I think I'm more or less packed now...gotta get up in like 2 hours to head north...wheeeeeeeeeeeee.......
1	 I just beat Kingdom Hearts. :) I got the secret ending.  
1	Nothing spells a good night "Like the sight of the Jolly Rodge on Regina's lovely shores."   Thank you Gwen it's great I sang to it all the way home.
1	A little while ago, my daddy took me to Autozone with him and got some junk for his truck and got rid of some icky oil. On the way home though, he let me drive. Not all the way, he drove to the entrance of Hickory Hollow and then we switched sides and I drove from there home. It was really fun. I'm actually not that bad at this whole driving thing. YAY! He said he's going to take me driving again later, but right now he has to help my mom paint the entry way.
0	I dont know what to say...I just wish for once things could've gone my way.
0	It sucks when everyone that you see around you is getting togethor with someone else and you are alone.  Its not necessarily's anyone elses fault but your own. Whether you are like me and have trouble talking to people and in some ways hate yourself or some other reason it is just plain depressing.  I wish that i could be someone else just for one day so i can know what it is like to actually be ablt to talk to other people and not be totally terrified of doing it.   But oh well, it isn't meant to be so i must go on with my life and hopefully someday try and change my way of acting around people, but i know i won't so i will be forced to accept it.  Hopefully someday my life will change and i will be with someone but until then, oh well.
0	DRAMA.... in case youve been living under a ROCK... SUCKSSS thank you that is all    woooo woooo she looooooves a   Rockerrrrrrrr   Booooyyyy
0	first order of business: If anyone has done the "data analysis packet" in geometry and understands the stuff, I could really use some help.  There are so many things wrong with that stack of papers that I refuse to tackle them myself. (i am half-way done, just completely stuck.)  Second order of business: Jana's gone :(    Things I'm already missing: someone to confide in being asked for fashion advice being kept awake by the sound of the shower listening to her music stealing her clothes complaining about the parents being kept from turning into a ditz driving to fencing/ ben folds singing and dancing having company karl, dina, steve, alice, mike... jana burrito horses, potatoes, "ooo!" =) hearing only half of mom and dad's complaining and so much more  I'm very lonely
1	omgggg i randomly found out that the movie "Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer" was recently released on dvd SO I BOUGHT IT i'm hella excited i LOVE Rainbow Brite and the movie is awesome i had a crappy crappy version of it on my computer a while back but it has been lost since then i hope they release the whole series on dvd someday!!!
0	I FEEL SO FUCKING EMPTY.  Im ready for you, come and get me, take me home tonight..  its getting harder and harder to talk to my friends.i need someone who will understand me and will listen, and not get so mad.   this weekend should be swell. im looking forward to it.
1	I feel much better..I guess my period stands in the way sometimes. But I do feel relieved about myself. I'm doing things that I wanna do now. Going out and meeting new people and seeing old buddies of mine that I haven't seen in a long time. It feels good. I trust myself enough to enjoy myself now. I'm beggining to remember how happy life can be if you just set aside your differences between people and accept them for who they are. I love each one of them. I feel content with myself right now. Things will turn around-they always seem to with me. And so what if life is not peachy and wonderful? At least I can be free within myself and with others. I feel profoundly happy of who I am and that's what is important for me.....yea I feel good:)
1	       Play rehersal went well today, but I still don't want to get up for a  10 oclock rehersal tomorrow. Oh well, my grandparents are coming in the  afternoon, so I guess that makes it okay.       Opening Day is coming up, and I'm excited.      But now Karen and I will watch "A Beautiful Mind." S'long. 
1	WAHOO!  http://www.atamaii.com/charlie-2.ht ml   I wanna see Veruca's!!!  And they have Mike Teavees under Charlie, but don't worry that Charlie looks lame cause its really Mike!!! YAY!  :)  I am sooo excited to find more and more stuff everyday.  I'll update later with my wallpaper!   http://store1.yimg.com/I/atamaii_1833_1 4297970  spooky!
0	Happy Holidays to everyone, maybe execpt me...  My sister may have to have an abortion, not because the kid is unhealthy... no. Honestly, the kids as healthy as they get... my sister on the other hand.  She has inner hemeraging... also she's lost alot of blood.  Having four kids previously and she's not even thirty yet.... gods I hope she survives  And to top it off by brother is being his asshole self, my mothers taken the burden....and my father seems to be brushing it off...
0	i did. i do i mena, what change will it make if i am here or not? who care if i'm here? i mena, well, even i don't feel my life mean anything . why would other people feel defferantly ? i'm gonna hate y life now.. thank's for acting like  you care..
0	I have a little good news, I got the job at beefmaster (arby's) but there is still a void in my heart... I can not fill it no matter what i do. (and I've tryed) it's been this way for just under 6 years ever since my daughter Elhaym pased away. I know that no other chile could ever replace my elly, but even if it would, I think I'd be too afraid I'd screw it up again I dont think I could do it again... I dont want anyone else to die because of me. everyone tells me i can not blame myself but i can not help the feeling that i failed both my wife (now ex) and daughter. if i had only acted sooner she would still be here and almost 6. she would be in school and I would be helping her with her homework. :( I failed elly, my ex-, and myself. elly died because of me...  and i deserve to die for that.     music EXP can be found at  http://www.escaflowneonline.com/xenogea rs/information/songs.html 
0	     I am not quite done with Chp 3 thanks to a series of unfortunate events. I should be able to wrap it up this afternoon and post it later tonight. That is, if my roof doesn't fall in.
0	  ...Jeff was actually a store mannequin, but thanks to a plaid hat and a little magic from the wizard Waldo the Magnificent, Jeff came to life. Once the store was shut for the night, one of Jeff?s store friends would say the magic words, Hocus Pocus Alamagocus, and as long as the hat was on his head, Jeff could sing and dance with the best of them 
0	My cat was put to sleep today. It's really sad. The house feels so empty now. I did get some photos of him before going to the vet. I'll probably scan some of them when I get the scanner hooked back up.   ~~1987-2001~~ 
1	Umm... so today is the 2nd day this week i have skipped school.... hmmm... this cant be good! haha! at least i'll have a drs. note!! but my app aint til 3! haha!! and i have decided!! I HATE SCHOOL.... AND I HATE MARINER! woo hoo! :)   Have a lovely day at school..... maybe i can lay out and get a tan today... hmph!
0	I want to learn how to dance. I want to learn how to play the guitar. I want to learn how to play the drums. I want to re-learn how to play the trumpet. I want to be thinner. I want to be more feminine. I want to have healthy skin on my legs. I want a PlayStation2, and I want to have time to play it. I want high-speed Internet. I want to live with Garrett. I want to have a reason to sing. I want to either find religion or be at peace without it.
0	i'm home, i'm home, i'm home...please take me far and further gone..
1	I'm heading up to Hinckly in a few moments to see one of countries greatest singers Collin Raye.  I am meeting Tommy and Jerriko there and my friend Angie in Cambridge.  It should be a fun time!
1	  A Question of Lust   Fragile Like a baby in your arms Be gentle with me I'd never willingly Do you harm  Apologies Are all you seem to get from me But just like a child You make me smile When you care for me And you know  It's a question of lust It's a question of trust It's a question of not letting What we've built up Crumble to dust It is all of these things and more That keep us together  Independence Is still important for us though (we realise) It's easy to make The stupid mistake Of letting go (do you know what I mean)  My weaknesses You know each and every one (it frightens me) But I need to drink More than you seem to think Before I'm anyone's And you know  It's a question of lust It's a question of trust It's a question of not letting What we've built up Crumble to dust It is all of these things and more That keep us together  Kiss me goodbye When I'm on my own But you know that I'd Rather be home  It's a question of lust 
1	     Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    DDR               Quiz created with MemeGen  !             Dance the night away by   karchan85        Name           What you Look like           The Music    Anime OST               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	They didn't even design me to be mobile, but I am (I think that must be what they call the Law Of Unintended Consequences). You see, with me rattling my lid and pushing and heaving and huffing and puffing trying to get myself open, that means I'm rocking back and forth and this means I'm wobbling around on the surface - probably in circles because I seem to have landed on level ground.    I might be able to embark on a random walk search pattern across the planet's surface.
1	 Hey everyone guess what? i beat&nbsp;kelly s.&nbsp;in HORSE today! man it was so awesome. ok thats all!      
1	 Hot gay cowboys!&nbsp; YAY!     http://towleroad.typepad.com/towleroad/2 005/02/brokeback_mount.html     The short story the movie is based on:     http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/det ail/-/0792726499/103-1046746-1903838?v=g lance&amp;vi=excerpt  
0	I have the most awful cold, which I think is going to turn into a chest infection. I feel really sick. Because I feel sick, the depression is terrible. And just as I am about to snuggle on the sofa (The baby sprayed air freshener all over my bed :o() what drives past?? A fire engine. Yup, you guessed it, another car sparked just around the corner from me. Flames and smoke everywhere. Little fuckers. The council say I have to wait until AT LEAST July to get out of here, but it is becoming unreal.  I am sat here, gobsmacked, I hate my house, I hate my road, I hate feeling like this, I hate everythng at the moment. I wish I could feel a little better physically, maybe then the frame of mind would improve, but for now I feel so low.
1	So kittens, Shakalaka baby. I'm beyond words, my friends, BEYOND words. Let's hope you have some kick ass choreography, Karen.  Well, tomorrow I leave for my interview. I'm a little nervous, but only because I don't know what to expect. Oh well, why worry over something you can't do anything about right?  I hope you all have a wonderful weekend. And hopefully it will be warm and pretty for your beach excursion on Saturday.  Love you.
0	Grrrr....  it sux .... i miss charlie so much... it doesnt help that the only times i ever see him he is like perminately attached to megan's side... i get that he loves her and all cuz i mean she is his girlfriend but he doesnt have to be with her 24/7.  O well...  it seems like he talks to my rents more than he talks to me...  well i guess thats all for now.
1	Inui-san suggested the other day that I make a journal here to keep in touch with everyone better. What a nice idea! Inui-san is so thoughtful that way, and it is quite difficult to stay in contact with people a lot.   He gave me Fuj...er... Tezuka -sempai's email so that I could ask permission to join the community here. I hope nobody minds! I would feel very bad reading someone else's journal without their permission, although F- Tezuka -sempai emailed me back just now and sounded pleased to have me.  Inui-san said that I could write about anything here. I feel better knowing what I'm doing thanks to the notes he gave me about the features. I was so worried I wouldn't know what things to click or how to post, but he explained it very well. It's so good to have a friend as considerate as Inui-san.   Hm. What is that...oh no! The smoke alarm! I forgot about dinner!
0	Oh, I have no inspiration for my stories. I told K I'd probably finish them by Wednesday. I've been in suc a fucking state this week that I haven't done any. I have no inspiration. At least I have gotten Danny and Martin as far as the cab - that's not very exciting or erotic though!  Oh I am getting so sick of feeling depressed all the time. It is such a visious circle.
1	 omg tomorrow is the picnic! I am so excited sorry for the people who are not allowed to go. omg i have something planned tomorrow for the picnic for the guy i am in love with...:) Today we got our yearbooks omg i dont have many signatures yet but i will tomorrow. I am glad Stelle is going. Ok so the guy i like wrote in my yearbook that i am fun to be wityh and pretty. I was so weak in the knees when i read it. (heart flutters). So i hope you all have fun because i love you, and congratulations on gradusting if you are...and if you are going to Calabasas i will miss you oh so much i love you bye bye! 
1	~~ Just to let you all know, I will be on vacation until late Saturday.  So Kiba and Shisui-kun will not be availiable for a few days.  Wish me luck, I'm going with my family so I'll need it.  Go Sea World!  Go San Diego! XD
1	LOOK AT MEEEE! I'm so pretty~! I want to glomp myself! ^^; Only...hm. I wonder who's me? I should go find them!
0	No matter what I do, I just can't seem to keep my room clean for very long.  I love...LOVE...cleaning. I love to live in a clean environment (I'm not quite obsessive-compulsive or anything, but I do use cleaning as an outlet for when I'm frustrated).  So here's my thought: Maybe I love to clean so much, that I subconsciously let my room get messy so that I have to clean it up all over again.  ...  My scale is really making me angry. It says I gained 10 lbs since yesterday...I don't think that's even humanly possible! I weighed myself on two different scales, and they both said the same weight. I'm having a major fat day right now. :'(  I think what I'm going to do now is just go to some classes at the gym. They are at funky times during the day, but I just don't feel like anything I'm doing is working. Blah...  I think it's time for me to finish getting ready for math. My icon accurately depicts my mood for once! Sad Spike in a sweater!
1	I know it's been a while since i've gotten on this thing... I have to new things going on in my life... last Saturday I bought me a new car it's a 2003 Chevy Cavilier and this coming Monday I am moving into my own house with some roomates it should be pretty fun... As of right now I don't have anyone in my life and I am kind of enjoying that... Seeing as I don't have a guy telling me what to do and how to do it....  Thought y'all might like to know that. thanx Courte' Merde
0	Someone told me about LiveJournal after they saw my other journal online.  I would like to say that they were my friend, but the sad reality is that I have no friends.  I don't even know why they would want to go to my other journal. Anyhow, I decided to get a journal here so that the possibility that someone out there on the internet viewing what I have to say is increased.  Oh, who am I kidding - no one will probably want to come here either.  If anyone out there is reading this, I'm surprised you're reading this sentence.  Or this one.  Are you still reading?  Anyone?  Hello?  Hello?  Hello?        Hello? 
1	Im eating lemon sorbet ice cream!! And my daddy is putting my new desk together! Its so pretty!
1	  You are Psalms.      Which book of the Bible are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	 To day is the day for crash downs.      To Lene and Towe - Lova ya 4 being there for me! Thanks! :D
0	I was just getting use to being home. I can at least say that I did not accomplish much.  I feel like I’m leaving home for the first time again…   I really dislike it.
1	Well it is   official:    This summer I will be spending 3 months as a  Intern in the Communications Department of  Ball Aerospace  in Boulder, Colorado! It is $13.69/hr - 40 hrs/week and they pay for my housing (appartment at UC Boulder) AND my relocation expenses (either gas, food and lodging, or flight and food). How friggin awesome is that?! Comment People Comment!   Alex
1	soo I'm really excited:) cuz me and Audra are gonna go to HOPE/FCA tonight and its gonna be fun lol. welllll we were bored so I thought Id update but I'll add more later tonight! peace
0	So right now i am at chris's hosue bein bored and super hungry.  Yea the 30th i am goin to the movies w/ chris to see the village. hopefully its good. it most likely will. amyways, i havent posted in a long time.school starts really soon and i cant wait!! and i cant wait to go school shopping. i think the best part pf school shopping is buyin the underwear!! lol anyways, i really dont have anythin to say besides me adn chris;s one year is aug 15th 2004!! WOOT WOOT!! thats a super long tyme. well buh bye!!
1	ten days ago i got this friendship bread dough thingie from Anneleen,  it's called Herman, and i just love it! i know it's pretty pitiable  but hey it gives me something to do and to talk to  hugging is quite difficult cause it's al fluid and sticky  but the talking is very pleasant  and today i had to bake it  so now it's a kick-ass friendship bread/muffin thingie  but i miss the dough,  now it's like a child all grown up that doesn't need any retention anymore  so i'm all alone again... *sniffs*  heh, in about two weeks, where going on a school trip to Paris,  that'll be nice, hopefully  although i pretty suck ass in french  and it means i have to spend four whole days with 31 other people and there're about 17 people among them, i don't like and another 10 that i like but don't care 'bout  so that'll be like hell probably  meh  gonna watch some tv, or one of the 11! kick-ass movies i got today  woohoo long live my movie-buying dad!!!
1	*grins*  Okay, kind of pointless post, but :P Just got home from the stable a little while ago. Sara went with me, and she decided she wanted to take some photos of me riding What Else with my camera. So, now I can finally show off my gorgeous horse ^^  She looks really small in these photos, even though she's actually quite a big horse. I guess it's the perspective - Sara was sitting high-ish up compared to where I was riding.       Don't we make a great pair? This is a really great photo, too bad it's so blurry...      Lookit how she concentrates, my sweet good girl! Look how horribly thin she is... She's hardly got any neck and back muscles, and you can almost see her ribs, and you can actually see her spine through the skin. We're working on fattening her up and building up her musculature. I bet in a couple months she'll look a lot better :)  Oh and my diet is going great - I've lost 1 kg in 1 week! :D
1	today it is very nice outside, so i opened up the windows in my apartment.   I went to a moving party today, where they served pizza and beer. yummy!!!! robyn finally came out of her shell, i guess she realizes that what happened to her is not the end of the world. i hate these gas prices nowadays, so expensive for a gallon. im not driving around much lately like i used to do.  my allergies are bothering me, see scott has a couple of cats and i think im allergic to the hair. so my eyes are watering and they are icthy. icthy eyes. ewwwwww.  my mom comes back into town today, from visiting my aunt. I can see starting up a relationship with my father again, but with my mom, i dont think its gonna happen, not after the way she acted.
1	Yay, I'm 20~! Yesterday my family and I went out to eat (@ Outback!) after I got home from work (-_-). I had the Cyclone Chicken and a sweet potato, both of which tasted good. XD Then we went home and I opened up my presents (a bunch of clothes, some money, and a Fullmetal Alchemist book). And after that, I ate some cake. Some ice cream cake. XD Chocolate cake w/chocolate chip ice cream....*melts* :D Lol.  So now I'm working on beating Phantom Brave. I'm currently playing through chapter 13...I think? ^_^; Once I beat PB, then I'll borrow Disgaea from my sister and finish it. And then I'll either finish my FF7 game or start Tales of Symphonia. Yay~! *cheers*
1	Yay, I get to drive all the way to Port Angeles today (*gets really excited*)!
0	tdy is a public holiday...wondering wat am i doing at hm on a p.h...tutorials to do?yah...laziness to go out?yah...maybe these r not the reasons afterall...i juz wanna be alienated for a day...juz dunno y recently i been feeling down...becos of wp?maybe...afterall wp will be back tml...  somehow somewhere i been feeling lonely...i feared the feeling of being lonely...wkends??i detest them the most...tried as i did to bury myself in books...i cant...i juz cant...been telling myself tat studies is my 1st priority...but somehow...many other stuff r ranked in front...wp...training...  2003 has not been my year...failure to find a perm job has resulted me in studying full time...my r/s failed...reasons for all these...schooling...in the 23yrs...tis has been my most miserable yr...as 1 get older...the more problems arises...  how can i get over all these??i juz wished tat 2003 will be over soon...come 2004 i wished i will  be a changed person...
0	I've ruined my life.  I feel like theres nothing left for me.     How can you hurt the one person you truly love?  I don't even know what to say or do. I feel like I have nothing. I am nothing.           Sorry doesn't even compare to how I feel.
0	ok... I would just like to say THANK YOU EVER SO MUCH LEKK!!! you saved my life, and I will be at school tomorrow... as for all my other friends... I am deeply dissapointed in you for not telling me that there was an achievement exam tomorrow that we can't rewrite... *shakes head* so dissapointed... and lookie... &lt;img:http://elftown.lysator.liu.se/img/photo/4436_1085012835.jpg&gt; someone I talk to on Elftown drew this for me...while no one else has even emailed me or shown any concern whatsoever (except for goodness_sake and lekk, thanks again) once again, ever so dissapointed...  iamcrazed (yes...but is it art?...)
0	So my ear is leaking goop and my heart is broken. My life as we know it is fricken ripping! Love is lame and I should have known.  like a colt 45: way to go you're broken  :(  like a colt 45: you are broke  Indeed Gavin, I am broken!
1	Yay for Zouk again, I wasn't originally going to go out but I'm glad I did in the end. Partied with tonnes of random people and the crazy guy from the hawker centre came to party which was awesome. This post had to be edited due to my lack of sleep induced post at 4am.
0	today... today was the worst day of my life. i broke up with my girlfried about an hour ago, and i feel like shit. i never knew what lov was, but now i know what it feels like when you stop loving someone. oh well, life will go on, its not the end of the world. guess i better give her game back to her.
1	      *HUGS* TOTAL!  give sweetygurl416 more *HUGS*     Get hugs of your own       please hug me guyz..i love u!
1	I need to playtest the next group of Tales for     Across  the Sea of Stars  .       barryt    has graciously offered his home in Nashua  as a space to run the playtest. I need two to five players who are willing to play in  a series of Tales from the overall LARP. Rules, background material, and all you need to  know is already available  on the website . Take a look at  the Rules ,    the Coterie ,  the Klorn , and  the glossary .    I'm looking for people who are interested in playing in a whole series of small LARPs,   and then providing feedback about them after each one. Those with little or no LARP experience are also appreciated. I expect the playtest to run for   four to five hours. I will even provide dinner when we're done.   This time, for sure!   (I came out of the shower with a whole new set of ideas for the game...       demongrrrrl    was trying to scribble them all down as they tumbled out of my brain and  I tried to get ready for work.)
0	hey everyone im not supposed to be using the comp right now...uum yea well ill try to use this laptop more often...im at home and my dad and i just fought again...i hate roberta because of the way she stalks ppl thats all, and the way she tries to make me pity her, i hate that shit so dont ever look at me again...hmmmm  well i luv u all! and i uuh, am rlly sad because ppl who kno i like them dont notice me atall...and i hate mr johnson... ps:i luv lauren pps:i luv C.A. forever, C.A. is the sweetest person, they are nicer to me than ne oneever has been and i mean it, if they ever read this then i want them to know i care... =(
0	Wow.. I had a stupid moment just now.  I thought, man, I just made a really cute Sims 2 icon.. I wish there was somewhere to post it... oh wait!!  *dumbass*... hahaha anywaaaaaaays....  the screenshot came from       cloudlessnights    who's doing the Harry Potter story with their sims (yeah, the STORY, not just the characters.. it's fantastic!) Anyways, she is also posting some 'outtakes' if you will... this is from one of them.  It's Harry and James Potter!!!  *sobs*     If you take, credit is nice, but make sure you credit cloudlessnights for the screenshot as well.  :)
0	today we found out awful news to n e grl who was planin on getting an awsome dress for graduation!!! WE HAVE TO WEAR CAPS AND GOWNS :-(!!!AHHH!!!!!well i have to agree with several of the grls that the gowns suck!! but i think that we really need to just get over the fact that we are going to have to wear them. I think that it was so unfair that the parents made that choice for us when they arent the ones who are even in the graduation. but there is nothing that we can do about it. so i think we all need to just not let this stupidity ruin something that will be totally kewl otherwise. lots of luv, ~Alyssa
1	Thanks John for introduction to the great group of friends and all the delicious dessert. See livejournal Perkk for the dessert menu. I still don't know all the ins and outs of this system yet, please bear(HEHE) with me for awhile.   On a different note and person, thanks for the great late sunday night, what a dessert!!!!
1	ROAD TRIP!!! AHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! Anyways, I'm going on a long ass mofugging road trip this weekend, taking off from work at 1 and driving right on up, 7 whole HOURS! ARRRRRRR! Anyways, I should have a pretty good time. I'll be back Sunday night so no one better try and get a hold of me because you will be S.O.L haha.  Gotta wash the car, clean the interior, check the fluids, get the trip kit together, see chad, cash my check oh my oh my, was thinking of seeing vin but I would rather keep my money for spending on the trip. Digital camera is ready and so am I!  I also saw the Bourne Supremecy with Steve, Chad, Anthony and Kelsi, pretty good movie, good chase scene, everyone seemed to dislike the camera movement all jerky like, but I loved it.  Also got a new Pool Que, $20 bucks at Sports Authority... But heck, it lets me beat Carly and her $400 stick so booya!   ROAD TRIP ARRRRRGRHRGHRGRGRGRHRR!!!! YAYH OH REALLY!  Git er done
0	I have been working with a woman, since summer, who is partially paralyzed from the waist down.  She has had great progress and break-through accomplishments with her training - giving me all the praise for it.  She has said that she will write a testimony for me so that I can work with other 'handi-capped' clients.  Today, while teaching Water Aerobics, a lady walked in and around the pool with her cane and got in the hot tub.  I was thinking to myself, she should be in the pool with us.  I got up enough nerve to talk to her after class (away from others) and she was very stand-offish (is that a word?)  She said she can't do those moves and that she has been doing her routine for years and was not interested in my services.  OUCH!  I was sincerely trying to help her.  I guess you can't make someone want you? or help themselves??
0	I just remembered a genious website from my college days. Unfortunately The Parking Lot is Full is no more. It's sad... Rest In Peace, dear friend.  
1	ok, daelyn is officially the quickest learner of all time. me and josiah took her skiing today and she was soooo good. she had never really seen snow before and she did so well. she went down a black diamond for her 5th run ever. and she was so good. anyways, it was just a really cool day and i'm glad that i went skiing because it was really fun. then we went to the huckleberry and got lunch and it was delicious and i am really tired now and i don't think i'm going to do any homework. i hope you all found this entry extremely entertaining because i'm sure you did. all you people who couldn't come today should come next time because it's going to be awesome.
0	God says that he will not test you beyond what you can handle, but i am finding it hard that he believes that i can handle all of this.  i am just worried that this will never end. i just want to learn and grow from all of this. i would like to just move on.....know what God wants me to learn, and move on. but i think that i have just brought most of this on myself, so i really have no one else to blame but myself. so i will have to just wait till day break, and see what he has for me tomarrow.
0	so its easter sunday... and i wish i was at the reservior with the family. kinda sucks to be doin nothing but trying to write 11 pages due on tuesday on easter. gosh darn it, home is so close i can smell it already. may 11th i am out of arizona forever baby!
0	To sleep and to dream.  To dream and to live.  To live and to love.  To love and to wake.  To wake and to die.
1	all in all, a most excellent memorial day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	My mom made me so mad last night...I asked her about the thing for Beths B-day again and she said "well...I dont know, actually, I'm prolly gonna be in TX that weekend" I thought "what the freak?"I told her about this thing like a month ago and she "forgot" and made plans to go out of town then! so pretty much..im not gonna be able to go unless I can find someone to take me and I can convince me mom to let me go...at the rate we're going at so far...I'm NEVER gonna be able to go to E-ville...my mom always finds an excuse... I've told some ppl that I like someone at school..and 3 ppl know bcuz they guessed...I dont really want ppl knowing bcuz I dont want him to find out...I was upset in lunch bcuz I found out that he likes someone else...not that I'd have a chance anyways... Just gotta say that life sucks...at least mine does...
1	 A Pirate's Life For Jack: Davenport returns to the Caribbean for the sequels 
0	And now I find out I have to work over the weekend, spend the next two weeks working in Billerica every day, and put in lots of extra time next week so that this stuff can get out the door on time, even though there's going to be no one using it right away.  Why do I want to do this crap for a living?
0	Collage is over.  I had my last concert  ever  today.    Wow... I feel so odd being so emotionally attatched to this ensemble, but I swear that no group I'm in at SMU is going to be nearly as exciting and fun as    Collage:     (from left) Row 1: Sara, Andy D., Theresa Row 2: Andrew, Liz, Luke, Rachel, Michael Row 3: Ben, Doug B., Andy C. Row 4: Heidi, Megan, Doug V. Hiding: Elise, Shelia  And unfortunately I don't have a picture of the BAND, which I'm IN.  Oh well.   And may I add that Ben has long since shaved the facial hair.[/stalker mode] 
0	why do i love my life so much? i'll tell you. so there i am at the reading rmv, all kinds of nervous, when the trooper walks over, collects all my paperwork, and points out my mom's car's registration expired 7 months ago! i'm not even kidding. so yeah, i didn't pass. i also didn't fail. i didn't even get to take the damn test!!! so, instead, we spent about 45 minutes just registering the car so we could legally drive home. welcome to my life! gdfsgtejny5beytbeybun6ij4e
1	 guess whose birthday it is today!! :) this suicidal genius created the following masterpieces:    &nbsp;          Starry Night     &nbsp;          Cafe Terrace, Arles at Night     &nbsp;          Wheatfield with Crows     &nbsp;    If you still don't know who this artist is, i will personally kill you.    Happy birthday!! =D 
0	"i give myself three days to feel better or i swear i am driving off a fucking cliff because if i can’t make myself feel better  then how can i expect anyone else to give a shit and i scream for the sunlight or a car to take me anywhere just get me past this dead and eternal snow because i swear that i am dying, slowly but its happening so if there is a perfect spring that’s waiting somewhere just take me there and lie to me and say it’s going to be alright its going to be alright, yeah you worry too much kid,  its going to be alright. "
0	So I come home to NJ at the last min. for the weekend.  Was going to go to New York City to today to see friends, but then was told that my Great Aunt/Uncles unveiling was today, so I want to that.  After-wards we all went out to eat, and I realized how much I wish my extend family would live near each other-the said part most of them do (my parents included), but it seems we only see each other at the bad times more then for the good.    We had about a four hour lunch time meal-very enjoyable.  I also heard some of the not so good points about certain extend family members, and it brought a lot of things to light.  Okay so that's it.  Unveiling-I miss my Aunt Gladys and Uncle Cy-I was sort of numb during it and after-wards I kept picturing me on the floor in front of a huge glass case of stuff animals with Aunt Gladys telling me stories about each of them...
1	Um how about u come to school on an empty stomach tomorrow eh pacha?
1	So tonight?  AMAZING.  I'll write all about it tomorrow, because it really was a great day, but until then (and until I get my Lomo shots developed) here's a few pictures to tide you over. Because I'm sure you really care.               So tomorrow, maybe Star? Maybe food? Who knows, but dang if I'm not excited.
1	So my short powder puff season is over.  But it was GOOD TIMES.  I'm such good friends with a bunch of girls i didnt even talk to before.  We have some inside jokes like the Truck squad, auntie J, the leveler, and the dacing queen...that being myself.  And i loved our coaches...They were hilarious.  Crazy pat who got really into it and laid back pat, mike, and frankie.  Loved 'em. TOmorrow we're gonna play a good old fashioned game of hide and go seek.  Drunk of course!!!  This weekend is gonna be a blast.  I get to go home, and then on to U of M for my lovely brynnie's bday.  It's about time shes 18!!!   The trick or treaters are coming tomorrow!! YEA   Lots of Love
1	I'm so happy that the sun is out!  I went to Einstien's for lunch and sat by a window and read a book and soaked up every last bit of sun I could get!!!  :)  Yes people, believe it or not I actually got out of the office for lunch!  Yipee!  Sun!
0	     My Harry Potter tattoo. They're the header stars from the top of every page of the American versions of the books.   It's a penguin. Yes it's finished.   My graduation gift to myself at the complettion of my master's degree last spring. It's a WWII propaganda poster.   Rebel insignia from Star Wars. My first tattoo. From close up you can see where I moved, and the artist had to stop and start again. The lines don't match up. Oh well, I love it anyway.  To recap: I'm at Wayne State in Detroit, working on a PhD in history...
1	Well It's my birthday today and as leadfeather would say,that =awesomeness. All around I had a good day watched my favorite movie (LOTR)and received my third favorite movie (Men in black) a long with a pair of bracers (which I'm wearing well I'm typing this) and a sword which no other sword can match in awesomossity. I mean with name like naginata it's gotta be good, and for those of you who are not familiar with a naginata it is a 26 inch long sword with a 44 inch poll to which it attaches which is cool bound belief. PS. Sara when are we going to role-play on the rosegarden?
0	"what do you do when the only person who can make you stop crying is the person that made you cry?"
1	88-68, now that is what I am talking about!!! Hamilton was the man tonight! Kobe and Shaq were both shut down, Malone was out technically with a knee thing, and the rest of the Lakers do not matter. 2-1 baby, and Sunday will make it 3-1. Anyone who has love for the Pistons, leave a comment!  Also, my revision of my friends list is done, if you didnt say anything either in a comment or to me personally, I took you off the list.
1	home sweet home. i love getting home after a trip. i just feel so refreshed. portland was amazing! i had so much fun and did more shopping than i thought was possible. janie i love you and i missed your fun presence!! i can't wait for easter tomorrow. i waking up to easter baskets and i love pastel pink, green, yellow and blue. it is such a happy holiday!
1	A followup to my post about The American Astronaut.  In side the DVD case was a postcard good for one free copy of The Billy Nayer Show's new album.  They are the band that does the music in the movie, and which Cory McAbee (writer/director/star) fronts.    It is awesome!  A little short in my opinion, it is only 31 minutes, but the music is good and the lyrics are great, very reminiscent of the movie.  Or I suppose the movie is reminiscent of the music, since they have several albums, most of which came out before the movie.  I may have to add them all to my collection.
1	Today was soooooo random.  I wake up...(amazingly enough) and then later Cael randomly pops in. I drank his coffee so I made him some more, and it was pretty good. Then he left and Connor shows up...burned me King Crimson and Alkaline Trio :-D. So we hang out, watch the Primus dvd...do stuff on the computer...play music. Listen to music...well..basically everything revolved around music. Then he invited me to this show that Britknee and I were gonna go to (but didn't...well...she didn't.) So I went with all these people I didn't know except ConNOR...it was fun. Got home less than an hour ago.  So yeah..randominity is awesome. Had a great day.
1	Hurrah       vulpine137    got a place to live.  So no more dwelling in       needo   's place.  We have a new lair.  Now to get everything moved in.  And scare the neighbors.  :)
1	Im back home now and it feels pretty good.  -{woke up}  -{talked with my mother}  -{called Pat and asked him if he wanted to skate}  -{we went skating in lex}  -{skated the spot on richmond}  -{found some sweet places on Nic}  -{checked Harrisburg and weren't pleased}  -{Bought the new interpol CD}  -{ate sandwiches at my house}  -{went skating again in winchester}  -{went to wal-mart got some milk, cereal, and juice}  -{Ronnie came over}  -{took a shower for the fist time in 2 days}  -{went to Courtney's}  Today was a great day. I can't wait to see tomorrow try and beat today.
1	This is pretty sweet justice.  I can't wait for him to see a several such leaders while he rots in jail for decades.  BAGHDAD, Iraq ( AP ) - Two months after elections, Iraq's new government finally began to take shape Wednesday as lawmakers elected as president a Kurdish leader who promised to represent all ethnic and religious groups. Ousted dictator Saddam Hussein watched the session, broadcast across the country, from his prison cell. 
0	ahhh its been a bad week, very sucky. Had some bad news and stuff, ahhh my dads fault anyway, he just doesnt seem to care. its annoying. errrrm getting an an acoustic bass for my birthday I think! :) and seeing dave gorman.  yeeeeaaaaahhhhh
0	mari yaguchi as of today is gone from MM...their whole group is going down the tubes.  now that rika just left too, MM doesn't really hold much appeal to me anymore.  i guess they'll live on through their solo groups, but still.  i probably started liking them when i was in 10th grade, almost 5 years ago.  mari was one of the last people i really liked left in morning musume, but now she's gone too.  maaaan.
1	We are proud to announce:   Weasleys' Wizarding Wheezes is now open for business!!!   We could not have gotten here without the support and help of our family.  There were a few setbacks and moments when we questioned our sanity, but here we are.  And  thank you , Harry.
1	yep, its gone people. my long blonde locks are no longer one with my head. its ok, you can cry if you want, my hair has never been this short ever, but i really love it. its more fun and easier to manage and so much LIGHTER than what ive always had.i have my swooshy bangs back too. thank you rachel!! im donating my ponytail to locks of love, so hopefully they can get a use out of it even though it was pretty layered.   this is the week i hear about if i get the summer research job or not. ill be and email checking whore this week.
1	Yeah we're having a damn good time here in amishland. Had some shoo fly pie last night-NIRVANA it was. Did some shopping and chilling with the boys. Saw a few movies. I am beginning to get sick. Got a sore throat/cough/headache. Fun shit. Who knows what we're doing today. Later bitches.
1	I'm high now...*hahhaahaha* Gotta tutprial at 10am later and another lecutre at 12pm! Oops! I;m soo dead!  Would update more later...
1	 FINALLY!!   The seller has signed the contract and faxed it to my realtor.  The process can now move forward.  ^_^ -Nih
0	Just saw this girl Kelly outside the check cashier who I once had a big crush on many moons ago. Shes homeless now and she begged me for some change.  Wow!!!  I felt a sudden sadness so deep and painful. I gave her whatever change I had in my pocket and then just crossed the street.  This was someone who at one time could have made me do anything without question, she was such a beautiful girl.  I want to do something more to help her.  OH GOD THIS HURTS!!!!!!!!
0	Today is my day off.  So of course I set my alarm for 7:00 AM.  So of course I wake up than.  I have spent the last hour and a half trying to go back to sleep, but I just can't.  This is so not fair, since I never get to sleep in.  Blah.  Edit: Am going to re-do all my icons today I think.  Yes, yes I am.
1	Today while i was at the beach waiting to get picked up, i had gotten a call from pearl, she wanted to hang out at the beach. so she came over and for a while i watched her surf and then we hang up and tanned on the beach. after a while we got hungry so we picked up money and drove around looking for the peir. Then we hand to surch for parking money ... that was fun. then we went to the peir and eat food and wen on the three best lives of my life   and smoked on the ferris wheel ooo so much fun lol. then she drove me home... pearl thanx for the best weekend of my life. o and she bought me ice cream :)  and now i have to study for 4 test i have this week but at least i have brownies to keep me company   have a good weekend everyone  happiness
1	I can't believe that a month has passed already since Dan got down on one knee and asked me to spend the rest of my life with him. It has played over in my head a hundred times since that day, and I am still pinching myself.   I love you with all my heart, Dan. Thank you for simply being wonderful. every day I try to be the woman you deserve, and I know that we are going to be just amazing. Thank you for everything.   Meaghan
1	so in a few hours i am leaving for jamaica... i am so excited i cant sleep!  im soooooo ready for a vacay!  :)
1	  &nbsp;    &nbsp;    &nbsp;this is the map of the place we are playin at     this is a charity show for some-1 that is a victim of a car crash so gooooooooooo =)     &lt;3333 love u all chris* 
1	A lot happened today, too much to talk about in fact. So I'll leave you just at that and let you curiosity run wild.
1	   Whos a PIMP?? Im a pimp. thats who.   fuck its like almost 6 IN Da MORNIN. and i have been up ALLLLL night.  jordanna is over. she is hella going to spend the night....  .....&spades;DUDE.with the technology these days..in the future we are going to be helluh hott &spades;.....i &spades; you jordanna.  nigggaaaa... im updateing my picture journal bitchs ((crzyniggerbitch)) helluh check it out.   woot woot. fuck tast of chaos. rawr. cass and i could have gone. if we REALLY wanted to. but we didnt. fuck that shit.  NIGGUUHHH 
1	I got into the Honors Program for Political Science.  GO ME!  WOOT!
1	chiara is leaving tomorrow :( nooooooooo. i'm gonna miss her like crazy. birthday in 7 days. i'm doin good.
0	I miss Sarah...but I know why God brought here into my life...to make me smile :)
1	Sorry. Gotta be a homie to read...     ╔╗  ║║╔═╦╦╦═╗ ║╚╣║║║║╩╣ ╚═╩═╩═╩═╝   If not, you can go suck something... like an egg...
0	gonna be staying with my gramma in leduc *shudders* until late sunday night. so..i prolly wont be heard from again until monday, unless i can get on a compy at someones house in the next few days &gt;.&lt;  i love you all! dont forget that..please.   people also better email me *fist shake*lol...ill be sending a few out after i land. so take care all :)
0	NIN sold out in less than an hour. No tickets for me. I am sad.
1	I bring you something I just read in a book. At one of the olympic games in ancient greece, a man named Milo of Crotona walked around the stadium carrying a 4 year old calf on his shoulders. After he completed his walk he killed it with one punch and ate the entire cow at that night's feast. At a dinner party he was attending, the roof started to collapse. Milo held it up while everyone else escaped and then he snuck out just as it completely fell in. Here's the ironic part. While taking a walk out in the woods, he found a log that had been partly split. He tried to pry it completely apart with his bare hands. Unfortunately it snapped close on his hands and he was unable to escape. He was attacked by a few beasts of the forest, and then died of starvation and blood loss a few days later.   That's today's Ironic History. Kay out.
1	Opening Balance 273.40  Expenses NONE!!!!!!!!!  Ending Balance 273.40
1	 Hmm, just 14 this round    &nbsp;          &nbsp;     Credit is needed and comments are&nbsp;loved. hehe.   DON'T HOTLINK PLEASE!       &nbsp;     Want to nom me? Please do.       &nbsp;     SO, this is how this goes, if you want to request an icon go ahead and I will make it during this week and after making them I will make a new post with the requested icons in it.        &nbsp;     My resources are found  here        &nbsp;     Lost Icons     &nbsp;    1.  2.  &nbsp;3.  &nbsp;4.      &nbsp;    5.  &nbsp;6.  &nbsp;7.  &nbsp;8.      &nbsp;    9.  &nbsp;10.      &nbsp;     Veronica Mars      &nbsp;    1.  &nbsp;2.  &nbsp;3.  &nbsp;4.   
0	Well, my best friend just took the man I love away from me. I HATE LIFE!! right now I just wanna die and stay dead but Candis's ass won't let me...she called me and now won't hang up. I'm a worthless piece of flesh that takes up space, I have no purpose but to get hurt and cry. So why am I still around? That's what I'd like to know. Nothing in my life seems like it's worth anything, I'm useless and worthless. So far the only reason any man wants me is to hurt me in the end...
1	...Is finally up! Wheeeeeeee! ::g:: Goo take a look!
1	 So yeah, today I rear-ended a 1980s model Mercedes...  that sucked. It made my day so blah.  LOL!  I'm able to laugh about it now, or som- ething like that.  I was going to change lanes and I signalled, looked over my shoulder to see if I was clear, looked in front of me to check to see if all was okay there, and then I looked over my shoulder and began changing lanes only to find out that the Civic that was behind me, whipped around to the right of me and was beginning to pass me.  I swirved back, and couldn't stop in enough time.  So I hit the other guy's car.  That sucked...  but...  the good thing is that his car is pretty much alright.  My car on the other hand is pretty jacked up.  But the good thing is that the engine works fine in my car.  So this makes life a bit better.  All things cosmetic on my car.    As for the GI Joe Parodies...  all I have to say to that is:    "Awww, hell nah...  what's up dog?"  LOL!  All inside my mind.  lol!  ROFL. 
0	No need to worry, guys, the possibility of having to see me on stage with a british accent has been eliminated.   Nope, didn't make the list.   So, now i get to choose what crew i want to be on so that i can get scoffed at by the "good actors" again. The day will come, though. Oh yes it will. When i will be the actor, and those prissy bitches will be my wardrobe servents. OH GOD i can't wait for that day.
0	I was in a good mood. I was going to go to WalMart and buy myself some yogurt. I was thinking about calling Heather to see what she was up to. But now I cannot seem to move myself from the very spot I am in. I think exercising is like a bad omen for me. I get all pumped up think I'm doing a good job so I get in a good mood....and every time something retarded happens.   I dislike having the, "why the hell do I even try?" feeling because I start to feel that way about everything. I try as hard as I can to do what I can and make everyone happy. Apparently I am not trying hard enough. It makes me feel rather inadequate and yes I really this sounds like a pity party for Emily, but I'm allowed to have one damnit. I'm usually too worried about everyone else to have one.   I don't even feel like getting that cute dress anymore.   I guess instead of sitting here and staring blankly at the screen I should clean or go back to the gym and exercise for another 2 hours or so.
1	I was up relatively early today, at like 11:00am and i actually did my AP Environmental homework.  I was supposed to start working on my movie today for film class, but I'd forgotten to call people and it was too last minute to do it today.  Oh well, there's always next weekend.  Instead, i called some good friends up and had a small senior celebration.  Just a few of us having a good time over college acceptances, rejections, and senioritis.  It was of course complete with lots of laughs, Anchorman, and over 100 dollars of Chin Chin delivery.   Fuuuuck, i have to finish my monologue for festival....   It still hasn't really hit me that I'm going away.  I was thinking about it today, and we dont have that much time left before we all go off in seperate directions and leave so many good friends behind.  Man, i really need to talk to Annie.  I love her so much.  That part of the whole college thing is going to suck.    -vaglio
0	I'm tellin ya... its crazy... why do some people go out for track when they can't do anything... not mentioning any names... ahem... christen forsee... ahem... I'm mean... she can't run, throw, jump, or lift herself off the ground with a pole... however she can make people feel better when they lap her in the 400 (1 lap)... tehehe... I'm like super mean... oh well... ne ways... other than that its all good... we get the gym first, then weight training... Saturday practice... ugg... but ya gotta do what ya gotta do to be an all star like me... j/k... tehehe I even wore my practice shoes to get into the mood... what a loser... yesssss... I love it! I can't wait for all the invatationals and sectional... omg... they're like better than birthdays, or according to chelsea adams... a trip to las vegas... ahem... track all star... she's silly... oh well
1	Oh my god oh my god oh my god!  I completely forgot Half-life 2 is realeased today via steam, and the boxed copies tomorrow!  Damn stupid work, i'm working 10 till 7 the next 2 days.  I wonder if I can squeeze in a trip to the shops tomorrow morning?
1	Fishing tournament tommorow! I am excited! :) Gettin up at like 4... not looking foward to that tho! haha! :)   Well have a good weekend everyone! :)
0	No one can find the rewind button now. So Cradle your head in your hands...
1	Today is definetely a very good day, for one main reason, it is nice and sunny out, bright blue skies and a big sun out.  It makes the day better, considering the past few weeks have been filled with nothing but snow and not so nice days.  It makes for quite a depressing day when its all dark and gloomy out.  Lets hope it stays that way for a long time and that stupid ground hog gets proved wrong.    Well its the middle of the week.  Monday brought getting back my first anatomy test,  got an 85 on that sucker, not bad not bad, I know I can do better with anatomy but not bad for the first college anatomy test.
0	SO today is brian's birthday party. Things didn't work out like they were supposed to. It really bites ass.............
0	I wish i had a magick clue  thats it  just some kind of road sign to lead the way but there aren't any in site
0	just got back from work.  Wow I suck.  13 calls on the day.  Only got 1 person online, and the linetechnichan said with how bad his line was he would be down in about 15 minutes again anyway.  So pretty much...0 people helped.  Lets go through all that happoned with the calls. 8-Number of trucks I had to roll. 7-Number of times I had to call DSG 6-Number of times that I had to call PS(got the same one twice too) 5-Number of times that I couldn't surf into customers modem.   4-Number of customers with Windows 98 or ME(if you have one of these, please upgrade for the sake of all techs. 3-Number of angry customers, just so happons to be number of people that threated to quit 2-Number of times my computer went out while scheduling a truck to go to someone's house 1-Number of really bad storms that hit.  Yucky!!  --Gerth I miss Jen, will be glad to see her come back tomarrow:)
1	YAY!!!!!!!!! YES!!!!!!  I finally found out when "A Home at the End of the World" is being showing here in my sometimes depressing city!!! YAY!!!!!!!!!!  AUGUST 6TH BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! less than 2 weeks!!!!!  and you know who's gonna be first in line for tickets??????? hell fuckin' yes ME!!!!     so the countdown begins....12 days
1	it looks like things are FINALLY falling right into place. my new job...my new career...and a new home. it's sorta bittersweet. i have to move on and leave many things behind, just like i did when i moved to this side of the country, but it's all worth it i know. it will pay off in the end.   with change comes bigger, better, and greater things. with change things come to an end but at the same time brand new beginnings start. and i can't wait for my new beginning with bae to start. i'm leaving my heart in san francisco...but i know the way to san jose...(hahaha i know i know...i'm such a dork! had to do it...lol)   so it's official...i'm moving in with bae. i'm moving to san jose! *woohoo*
1	Went to church this morning, then i came home and tore my car apart trying to figure out why the back speakers dont work, need more time for that one. Then i went to DQ with Sara, Patrick and others and afterwards i went to the library to return some cd's. Then sara and i went back to her house to watch a movie. Later i went over to Brians with Liz and we watched Fight Club, that is such a great movie. Deffinetly makes up for the one i watched last night. Liz and Brian we need to lay in a pile on the couch more often, that is just way to comfortable, Wow.... you guys are fun. I love you all!
1	The lovingcaring sister made me a really cool costume for the CON and it's so cool, espessialy the claws on the shoulder pads. Being the smart and creative sister that she is she used chili peppers and painted them silver, and they look really cool. Sister so good to me, well except whEAN I'M TRYING TO SHOWER.
0	My butt hurts.  And I like getting mail. Real mail. In envelopes.  Moses got another new screen name. Yay?  He has a crush on Mrs. Laughlin. I know he does... I know it.  I love how Ashley comes to me a lot when she has problems. Like her brothers. Or her mom.  It's kinda weird because it's Bob's brothers girlfriend. But I still do my best to help her.  Courtney's talking about her problems with me right now.  Problems with "The Watermelon Squad."  Oh boy. Girls. (Not Courtney - "The Watermelon Squad.")
1	Well as some of you have noticed there is a new person posting on my journal, Destyny. Destyny is none other than my dear Leslie.  Welcome to LJ.com lovely! *smiles*
1	A new story of mine is on Down With The Sickness!  Yay!   Thanks Fab!  =D    http://dwts.bitterbitcas.com/ficbyautho r.html    http://dwts.spinning-in-infinity.com/fi cbyauthor.html  [edited Jan 16 04]  It's "Day of the Dead" (Andrew/Warren, G) and it's under Tastic.  *dances*  Edit:  And!  "Looking Back" (Andrew/Warren, Andrew/Xander, R) is on FCFM too!   http://www.funnelcakesandflyingmonk eys.com/lookingback.html 
0	So that's a "holiday" i could do without. I'll be depressed this year... again... as usual... Anyways, what a busy weekend! Friday I worked, ate sushi w/ kelli, then worked out! Saturday i went to work, went shopping, then to a guard competion! What fun! I guess the girls don't really miss me though... The JSU clinic was loads of fun even though i hate feelin like a newbie again. I wasn't too bad even though i was a little rusty. Today i worked a long shift! then i went and baked cookies for the bake sale i'm hosting w/ ksu circle k! whoo whoo, represent! lol, we're goin to a district convention this weekend which i'm hoping will be fun. but i need some one else to go b/c i don't wanna feel like the third wheel!! I have a busy week too! Feel free to visit me at work tomorrow! i work 1-6! if they don't cut me.... g'night
1	AHH! WERE GOING TO GALVESTON TO DAY!!!!   tann baby... ok talk to you later...  ciao!   - meg
1	Thank you, thank you,       rikahp   !  :D   Abby & Sirius 
0	my favorite white sweatshirt..ruined. it just adds to my day.  mom had to insist on bleach.   yeah thats right my white sweatshirt ruined cause of bleach.  dont know how its possible....but dammit it is.
0	In really depressed mood now. ,_, I did manage to make a Kouga icon and a few Inu Yasha bases though.     1)   2)   3)   4)    #1 Lyrics from Sonic X - Toru Sasaki - Just Call Me SONIC ~Become the Dazzling Wind~  ~Comments welcomed. ~Credit "mouken" in the keywords if you use them. ~Feel free to edit the Inu Yasha bases, just remember to credit me for making them. ~Enjoy. 
0	I don't want to go outside, even for school tomorrow. I know that if I miss math class I'll be dropped from it, and I also know that even though I don't care now, I will at some point in the future.  The person I naturally want to turn to in these type of circumstances, well, I don't know if it's appropriate in this particular case. And I don't know if she can or is even willing to be there for me in this case.  And the worst part is that at the moment I need a hug more than anything and I can't get one because I haven't seen Nicole for about 2 days...
0	The girls and I have decided to go down to my pond. I'm missing Lestat so very much. My heart feels empty without him. How I long to simply be back in his arms.   I don't know quite what to say here. I've been almost lost since I volunteered to take the girls away from Louis' place to give him space.   Poor guy. He turns the woman he loves into a vampire and now she hates him. I know he feels bad about it. My sensitive emotional beloved Louis. I still love him.
1	 today was fine.. nothing new... ow, except for my license! haha i have a non-pro now, so i can drive alone! hooray for me! haha    anyway, today i found out how one picture can defenitely change your mood... its nice seeing her again and remembering all the happy things that happened during the prom... i just hope it wasnt just a picture... my friends keep on saying that im kinda over acting, but they dont actually now what i really feel.... its diffrent when you miss a girl like this... i dont know... just think what you would feel if your best friend left for a month.. without any contact... how would you feel? i guess now youll say that the girl im talking about isnt my bestfriend, so why am i acting like this? hehe i dont really know.. its one of the mysteries of life... still looking at her pic.. and still getting that feeling...       by the way, to all the girls out there, what do u think? am i over acting? i wont get mad.. just answer please.. :)      -peace 
1	This is more directed to       whimsy_chan   , but anyone else reading Tsubasa might like to see this!  I'm guessing this was in the latest issue of Newtype Japan, but they released the first preliminary drawings of the Tsubasa anime characters!!       *squee*  I'm so excited for this!  I can't wait until April!  ^^
1	Yes!   Yes, yes, yes!!   Go here:    http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/7051296/       This is awesome, hopefully it means that the death penalty will be abolished entirely instead of just for minors.   I'm not excusing criminals for the crimes, I'm just pointing out the hypocrisy of killing murderers.
1	It turns out that after much deliberation (with myself), I decided to buy a paid lj with the money that I received for my last domain.  I think it'll be considerably worth it, at least compared to the other choices that I had, especially since 2nd semester seniorhood=boredom, otherwise known as staying in front of the computer for  way too long .  I'll probably end up spending half of that time formatting this journal and making it pretty and .... stuff. Won't that be a nice thing to put on my resume.  Ha.  Kidding.    Anyway, the journal is back in action!  Ahoy mateys!!   PS - Some of my journal entries will be public from now one, just so that you know.  Most of my, ermm... private musings will remain friends-only. 
1	 Sooo happy! today was good.. but yeah,    got some pix.. so here ya go... not sure if theyll work cuz they never do, if not, IM me n ill send ya sum    &nbsp;                emily,tara,MJ and me         Drama in the bathroom!         MJ in the carport         Me stuffing myself in my locker.. oh man i think i was on drugs     &nbsp;imadork         kenny n me on halloween     &nbsp;    Derek^         Clayton^     &nbsp;&lt;Hemma    leave a comment 
1	well i got back from texas yesterday. i wasn't planning on running from the big bad hurricane, but my grandma and bro were going to my aunts in texas so i decided to tag along. dragged josh with me so i knew he would be safe too. i surprisingly had fun. it was like a little mini-vacation for me and josh without work or school. granted we were surrounded by my family most of the time and we couldn't even sleep in the same room. it was still fun though.   almost leave it to beaverish. haha.
0	back to reality....  got back up to school today...and i somehow lost a glitten and am minus 2 fish! turns out they died and benji ate them :( found goggles skeleton on the bottom of the tank! needless to say i am not happy! tear.....
1	         You Are the Individualist                 4          You are sensitive and intuitive, with others and yourself.  You are creative and dreamy... plus dramatic and unpredictable.  You're emotionally honest, real, and easily hurt.  Totally expressive, others always know exactly how you feel.          What number are you?   
1	How did I never see this mood icon set before???  Its mine now, none of you can have it!
1	Got my OU assignment back today. Was surprised to have done much better than I anticipated, and amused by my tutor's comment: 'I'm tempted to say it was worth the wait, except that would downplay the importance of cut-off dates.'   I shouldn't be so amused really - the cut-off date for the next assignment is next week, and I haven't started that one yet. Ulp.
1	   See what Care Bear you are.   CASSI! you got me hooked on these things! hey babydolls (brad n maria!) cassi- call me. its important okie? brad- write me? email me for my home adress if you need it or get it from cassi. maria- holy crap! email me! i miss you tons!   my mom took me out of highschool im going to GED classes which is BULLSHIT i may add and then i start college in June. i graduate April 22.  and im getting a job (HOPEFULLY) at the local hot topic its coming soon and i have such a great chance of getting the job eee cross ya'lls fingers!!!!! gtg i love you all call me people!!!!!!
1	.x. Comment to tell me which you like, credit me in your keywords &/or comments, no hotlinking my photobucket/s, don't edit them...that's about it. :D Just to clear it up - nah, don't work for Apple. Just pimping them. .x. Ipod, Ipod Mini, Ipod Shuffle, U2 Ipod...they're all here.  01.   02.   03.        04.   05.   06.   (yes, that's a Strongbad reference) 07.   08.   09.    10.   11.   12.  
1	These next few days will be some of the busiest.  I have four performances in four days and then finals week will be upon me.  It's amazing that everything has been moving so fast.  It seems like just yesterday I was at Comicon in that line for Starbucks.  Tomorrow, the Irish traditional music group that I'm in, Barghest, is performing tomorrow at 12 PM on in Bruin Plaza.  It'll hopefully go well and if it does, I'll be happy.  I want to get a nice recording of it so that I can look back on it.  Also, it's Peter's birthday today.  I'm really sorry that I was not able to be with him on his special day, but I talked to him nevertheless.  I hope he had a wonderful day!  He's no longer my husky pup, but my husky dog!  I love you, Peter!  I'm very tired right now and I need sleep, so I will get some.  Goodnight!
1	...THEREFORE: MIDTERMS ARE LIKE TERMITES!! =DDD  Yeah, I know, I'm making no sense whatsoever. Art history midterm in an hour.  Sooo~~ Those termites people that the landlord sent over were here this morning. No termites. ^_^  Went to bed last night at around 10..that's probably the earliest since...high school XDDD;; No, really, I'm serious. I've been such a night owl lately~ XDDD Whee~ It's fun, but not when you have to get up at 6 in the morning to finish up a 100 page reading XD  Okay!! *gets ready to tackle the midterm* Oh shoot..I better go get a pen that works @__@. Last time, all my pens died after the history final. Eep.  EDIT: gah! I'm turning into a Byakuya fangirl now too XD;;;;;;;;. Who cares if that guy has no emotion?!?! Who needs them when he's a....freaking..scary guy....wait.. *shuts up now*
0	  i don't want to be gahndi!       um... is the spelling right?      anyway, just because we're doing india it doesn't mean we have to have someone who plays gahndi...      it's only song and dance for goodness sake!      i'm talking about afro-asia by the way.      sigh...       my role this year is worse than last year's...      last year my role was a mirror.      i have a miserable life.       &nbsp; 
0	I woke up smiling.  Then I found something that destroyed me.
1	hey everyone..my computer is still down so i have to update at school...everything is going very well...friday was SO GREAT! :) nothing really exciting is going on except school. kickball today in PE was absolutely hilarious!! wow that was fun anyways, i'm gone, nothing else really to say! i love all of my friends! ya'll are great!  PS: i get my cell back tomorrow! yay!! call me whenever :)
0	My mind is going a hundred thousand ways and I can not get a single thought together!!! I just wish I would stop messing everything up and I am sure I would be better
0	...I seriously need a guy in my life....  ...oh yea! and a prom date....any takers???
0	And then I ran into my knife... I ran into my knife ten times... and a few more after that...  do I feel your pain yet? not even close.
1	Melissa and I just finished watching Amadeus.  I love that movie... it's such a tragic story.  After Mozart died, I said to Melissa, "See?  This is why I want to die young.  It's better to burn out than to fade away!"  "That's not true," Melissa replied, "lots of people die at young ages that nobody remembers."  "Oh yeah?" I retorted, "name one."  Ah, it's been a strange, but wonderful day.
1	some pics.   i took a lot because i'm not gonna look this hot for a loooong time. (prolly until my wedding).  pic 1. i think last night we became the type of couple that makes you want to throw up. (this pic is of me and my boyfriend bryce)     pic 2. my favorite pic of the evening. me and my friend brandon.    pic 3. elianna me and caroline - just so u can see my whole dress.   
0	the cops have been calling me a lot lately and it makes me REALLY nervous. I don't know what to do...ahh. I feel like shit. I tried to call him back but I couldn't reach him. Today was the worst day. I cut myself a few timess at worka nd I feel like shit and I dunno. I just want to cry a lot. Dan is being stupid...and I don't know why. but i have to go.
0	It's official, I hate school.  I'm really getting tired of this little game. People have been calling me names ever since that they know that I've been dating Kai. I didn't mind at first, but right now... It's getting worst. They think I don't hear them. HELLO! I have a very good earing, even better than normal people! The names go to fag to Hiwatari's sextoy. Damn it people! Having a different sexual orientation doesn't mean to have to be disrespective to the person.  I hate school... I'll just go and hide somewhere until I feel better. I'll probably be crawling somewhere not to be seen for a long time. (Read: I'm going to cry in a corner)
0	[private]  My mother hates me. All of me. Every single atom in my body. Every breath I breathe.  Everything about me.  I try to be nice to her for a change. I try to be funny. I try to be the daughter to her that I never was. And she isn't happy about it. I don't understand it. I'm not even afraid to say that I don't understand it.  I don't just want to be her daughter, I want to be her friend. Like some of my other friends here. They run home to go shopping with their moms or just to be home in general with them and the rest of their family. I just stay here. Every other weekend going to the house in DC for some quiet. Making sure no one else would be there at the time that I would be. Not even my girlfriend knows I am there that often.  If I'm that much of a disappointment... If I'm that bad that you wish you had put me up for adoption so many years ago... Why do I even bother?  I just wish I knew.  [/private]
1	so far this is everyone coming (i think...)  Anna P. Annah D. Kurt J. Sidne L. Caitlin W. Mariah M. Shawna F. Ally M. Karin I. Me.  anyone else coming? just want to know for driving arangements...  let's all meet downstairs 4 corners after school!  xoxo, emy  p.s. don't forget a snack to share or a game! :D
1	Today the postal service got tired of sitting on 2 packages and a letter from the U.S. for me.  The letter contained a mix-cd from the wonderful ms.       avphibes   , which is bloody excellent!  The packages were just a bunch of  magazine springs  and a  timer .
0	hunter s. thompson is dead.  it's the end of an era.
1	Soooooo exciting!  I got a new car on Saturday!  It's an ORANGE VW bug convertable, 2005.  It's soooo cute.  It's a totally long story, but in a nutshell, my parents and the dealership worked together to surprise me with this car.  Because of course I have to want the rarest color combination and it was supposed to take 4 months to get my car...there were none in the united states and none even being made at the moment.  They just happened to come across this one when it was on a boat to Delaware....not even in the US yet!!!  And they had known about this for about a month.  Yay...I mean I still have to pay for it and everything but it's just the fact that I thought I wasn't going to get a car till march....driving my old '74 with no air and leaking when it rains isn't quite the same.
0	FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK get home from school in a shit and no one fucking cares
1	I'm home for the weekend. It's so nice to just sit around and do nothing...   Mom got her final results back yesterday...and everything is clear! YAY!   I'm watching "I Love the 90's", which is great fun, but is also making me feel old. "No WAY that happened 10 years ago!" is the main thought going on... It's so weird to see basically my whole life on VH1.   A real update later.
0	You have no idea how much I want to get out of here!  I don't want to go back to Zionsville, of course, but I don't really want to be here right now either.  I know I say that all the time, but this time I actually mean it.  I need to get away and yet I'm stuck here.  Maybe I will go home next weekend.  Or maybe not.  I feel sick.  :(  Lyrics:  http://www.21lyric.com/J/Jeff-Bates-lyr ics/Rainbow-Man/I-Wanna-Make-You-Cry/ 
1	Ignoring all the updating I should be doing:  Saturday 22nd January Theme: Goth/Punk Dinner provided about 7-7:30pm.  Bring empty stomachs  Everyone on friends list invited.  Especially Rae. Invite people you know I may not have contacted but who I would want to come ie: school friends and such.  If in extreme doubt, email me.  comment or email any queries (silvarai [at] maow.myip.org)
1	LET ME JUST TELL YOU THAT GAVIN DeGRAW IS FREAKIN' AMAZING!! AND I WAS SO CLOSE TO MEETING HIM....TOO BAD THE GIRL IN FRONT OF ME WAS FLIRTING WITH HIM. and i have found yet another obsession...his name is michael tolcher and he is damn sexy.  some special events that are coming up to look forward to: *homecoming halftime float *holloween *homecoming dance *basically all of november!!! woooooo  *morgan*
0	look at what i was before..... and what i've become....    All I Have  With every tear that falls at foot My emptied soul; black as soot; Flowing hair upon the floor A vacant room an opened door  Enter Lord and take a seat Rest now while I wash your feet. I?ve nothing left my well is dry But worship you I will?Draw nigh!  I?m emptied out before you Lord Please fill me to overflowing Let it spill to passers-by  That they too would know your Glory.   Jessie Medlin September 4, 1998
1	A japanese girl is staying at our place for a couple of days. We're having so much fun! ^.^  We played nintendo and watched the super mario bros. super show. We even played some ddr/dmx together. Oh, btw she says in japan mostly "dorukusu" play ddr. : P  Too bad she has to go home tomorrow evening. 
0	I have just watched the movie Paulie. What a good movie.
1	hmm havent updated in a while..  friday went to sarahs distefano's party. mm yes.  yesterday went shopping in boston for sarah bush's birthday with sarah, emmer, isabel, julia, kristen, sam, audrey, and hannah. we got back around 6:30, and then i went to johns house until...eh...11ish.  the background on my computer is now claudio from coheed and cambria :-)  comment. that would be nice..
0	   fuck you and your untouchable face        fuck you for existing in the first place...   
0	I was very sad to just read that Jerry Orbach passed away yesterday.  I had heard he was undergoing treatment for his prostate cancer, but I thought it had been caught early and he had good chances for a recovery.  He was my favorite of the detectives on Law & Order.  But I think I truly appreciated his talent after seeing clips of him on Broadway.  I wish I had been able to see him on stage.  Watching Law & Order reruns will be bittersweet for a while.  May he rest in peace.
1	Cool. China Mieville's "Iron Council" arrived today in the evening mail :). Now let's see if "The Penguin Short History of English Literature" (which my mother ordered in the Amazon.co.uk marketplace)and "Godwalker" (which I ordered from the US, 5 weeks ago) arrive soon here.  And yes, LightArtisan, I'm way cooler than you :p. At least until "La Factoria" publishes "Iron Council" in spain (in their 24eur-shitty-soft-cover-edition).
0	My dad's email account just recieved a spam from a "Francis Black" wanting to sell him Viagra. Poor Frank. Obviously his solo career isn't going so well.
1	Ive spent the past couple days getting ready for Reid to come... and resting of course. Last night I hung out with Emily. We havnt hung out in almost two weeks so it was fun. We went to Camino and watched the O.C... I know I shouldnt watch it, but I cant help it. After that we dyed my hair again... its like crayon red... I like it a lot. Today I put my Christmas tree up and then came back to Florence. Ive been here with Tabitha for the past half and hour or so waiting on the parade to be over and for Kansas to come back. Before we leave for Atlanta we're going to Chase's birthday party that Julie is throwing. I cant wait to just get to Atlanta... I miss Reid so much. Im a little disappointed that I wont get to see him that much tomorrow, but thats okay because I'll need my rest. Anyways, gotta go....   And Katye, I had Tabitha get me on your computer to update... sorry!... hope you dont mind... love ya lots!
0	 Still can't believe that I'm leaving tomorrow. Friends arrived Wednesday evening, and they are going to take me back to Bavaria. Feels weird sitting here, knowing that in just a few hours, I won't be a trainee any longer, but a student again.    Before this entry triggers&nbsp;a full-fledged identity crisis - we went to see "Hitch" last night, which was brilliant. Best comedy I've seen in ages. I  adore  the way Kevin James dances. (On second thought: Adore him, full stop.)    And if the wheather keeps up, I'm going to see Sanssouci in the afternoon. Should cheer me up. 
1	Hi... I'm Nadine, and I'm new here!  I just moved into a quaint house in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania and I have a lot of room for gardening.  I don't know anything about gardening.  Tonight, I'm going to the bookstore to get a book about gardening.  Today I bought a few plants at the farmer's market.  Nowhere near what I need, but it's a small start!  I have no real experience when it comes to gardening.  I know that I want to have a vegetable garden for tomatoes, zucchinis, cucumbers and maybe peppers.  My family always had a veggie garden growing up, but I was too young to care past the point of "this is good salad."    I also have no tools at all.  What should I get to start with?  I know I'll need a little shovel and a hose, but I don't know the basics to stock my shed.  I can't wait to get started!!
1	Happy 2005 everyone!!!  Hope it's a great year for all.
0	Just got home from an audition for an orchestral group. Turns out I've been lying to myself about my abilities this whole time. Barely managed the two scales(D and A major, not really that hard) and the chromatic...and I didn't even finish the sight-reading piece. Eb major, 120bpm. I couldn't get out the first measure without screwing it up. Quarter dotted quarter quarter eigth. Holy shit, I can't believe I did so poorly. Music, especially band, is such a big part of my life, and this...ugh. I can't handle this.
1	It's 11:57.  I'd just like to say, while it's still Christmas Day, Merry Christmas everyone!  Hope you had a wonderful holiday with good food and good company.  And I hope to say hi to each and everyone of my friends, in person, soon.  Tik then, byeeeeeeeeee!
1	im meeting krista & ray this weekend unless something happens again but i doubt it!! yay4me :]
0	...and even more so when you leave her be...  I've been getting out more, and introduced all my friends to the evil grip of DDR.  We've all been hanging out for a while, the last four nights to be presice.  And it seems that every night when I get back things turn to crap.  No reason, I just feel bad, sorta depressed, and down.  I don't really have anything to look forward to, so tomorrow I'm going job hunting.  Well, that's been my life for the last few weeks...*sigh* I need to do something new...
0	I love you and if i could i would be with you every minunte possible!  Soon me and you will be together alot more...this grounding shit is almost over!  I miss you and i'm not happy when im away from you...your the only one for me.  I'm glad i have you and nobody else.  I'm depressed right now...i miss my boyfriend...i care about him so much. ^  I miss Stephanie...i love her to death!  Im so glad we are friends!  She is one crazy bitch!  I need to stop cussing...its a habbit i recently started...i never used to cuss...but im getting alot better at quiting.  Today was fun...family fussing agian..but i made the best of things.  Who are yalls Valentine?  Comment...  TOotles... Rice
1	2nd in our race today yayayyayayayay!!!  i dont really have much to say except we did okay but my new school DOMINATED im so excited to be on that team next year...the regatta was really really fun...i stayed with amanda, andrew and susan most of the time and then blake took me home and to my surprise the family had gone out to dinner so the young child came in for a bit then he went home...called me and we had a really nice convo...i just dont knwo what to do with him tho..!  anyway im really bored sooo yes...i think i might go to bed actually...  xxo kate
0	I have a confession to make...  the Bruce song "Bobby Jean" makes me cry. A lot :(
0	soooo i had to go to jazz band today? i guess that was ok besides the fact that all our drummers took off and nobody was there to play bass or guitar.  band exams completely ate it. it was the worst thing i've had to do in a while, and gorring's gonna think i suck. oh well, i nailed my solo today... oh yeah TWO oboe players now.... as if one wasn't enough...  and i really wanted to go hang out with kristyn today, but she just took off... yup, that's always appreciated.  what a grand day
1	            William Wordsworth!   You scored 70 Demeanour, 36 Debauchery, 83 Traditionalism, and 50 Expression!         You are a happy person who looks for the beauty in everything. You play by the rules, but hey, people respect you for it. Don't they? Your masterpiece is "Lines Composed a Few Miles above Tintern Abbey."                              My test tracked 4 variables How you compared to other people  your age and gender :                                          You scored higher than  64%  on  Demeanour                                      You scored higher than  14%  on  Debauchery                                      You scored higher than  89%  on  Traditionalism                                      You scored higher than  14%  on  Expression              Link:  The Which Famous Poet Are You Test  written by  Torontop  on  Ok Cupid    
0	last night we had a scavenger hunt it was fun could of been better, not gonna lie realized a few things about 2 people i thought i cared about w/e just about 6 and a half more months
1	I'm soooooooooo EXCITED!!!!! I get to see HOLLY/      ladypussycat    sooon!!!!! YAY!!!!!!!!!! YAY!!!!!!! YAY!!!!!!!!!!! Like I said the day I first met her "She's like me with a vagina, we both share alot of the same neurosies and like pink girlie things" hahahahahahaha. I can't wait to see you girlfriend!
0	  You are 'programming in QBASIC'.  This programming language (of which the acronym stands for 'Quick Beginners' All-purpose Symbolic Instruction Code'), which is so primitive that it cannot easily be used for any purpose involving the Internet nor even sound, was current more than a decade ago.  You are independent, in a good way.  When something which you need cannot be found, you make it yourself.  In writing and in talking with people, you value clarity and precision; your friends may not realize how important that is. When necessary, you are prepared to be a mediator in conflicts between your friends. You are very rational, and you think of things in terms of logic and common sense. Unfortunately, your emotionally unstable friends may be put off by your devotion to logic; they may even accuse you of pedantry and insensitivity.  Your problem is that programming in QBASIC has been obsolete for a long time.      What obsolete skill are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	Happy New Years everyone. It's time to start a phenomenal year. I'm off to a pretty good start. I had the best work out today: I walked to my gym (which is like half a mile away) and did about 3 miles all together on the elliptical machine and treadmill. I get to see Flynt tonight! I'm so excited. Uh...stupid rehearsal is going to last until past 10 probably :::cringe:::, Last rehearsal was a big fat waste of time, literally I fell asleep on the couch and at 9:30 was told I could go home. Oh well, this is the first rehearsal of 2005, I hope it goes well!!! I've already lost 3 lbs and I've got about 5-7 left to go. Ok, I guess that's it. YAY for tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	so what made today good was bio, first time ive ever thought that. so i got a 20 on the mc and a 22 on the essay. the best i have ever done on a bio test, usually i like fail. but it was great cause i actually had someting to argue weig about and i won! so yay that made my day good. not to mention the fact that we have a 4 day weekend.  things to do: go to WSU library and start research for EE see hotel rwanda and a midsummer's night dream start tok notes hopefully go over bio notes sleep
1	Just came back from ice-skating with ABACUS.  Had lots of fun, pity I was so nervous about getting on the ice, but it has been around three years since I've last ice skated.  Managed to pick up my speed after a hour of wobbling around, until I fell on my bum, the it was back to wobbling again.  Got walked back home by a couple of the guys, really tired but I feel rather proud that I've done some form of a sport here at Bristol.  Legs are going to seize up tomorrow, I have no idea of how I'm going to tackle Park Street in the morning.         
0	Yes, that's right. Poor little Legato is dead of his own insanity.  He was CRAZY. I mean, batshit CRAZY. This may be illustrated from the below photograph.     The above is a photo taken shortly before his death. On the left: Vash. Normal, peacful Vash. Doin' fishy things. On the right: Legato. STANDING ON HIS FINS. He was like that for four or five minutes. He would also swim upside down, and have fits. It's like he didn't have motor control.      Here's a closer look. He's still alive in this photo, I swear. I don't know what was wrong with him, but something definately was.  So he swam into the tank's filter and died.  I called Petland and told them this, and they said, "Oh....that shouldn't happen. Something was wrong with the fish." Yes. Yes it was. Poor thing. So I'm going to go in and see about what can be done.
1	hey, whaddaya know.  i am home.  saw ocean's twelve on friday night, it was pretty good.  wasnt everything i expected, but it was still a really good movie, so it was worth seeing at amc for 6 bucks :P  i went out with my mom on saturday morning and she bought me a sweet wool coat for christmas, and considering the fact that i will probably be spending my winters after this year in a place that is actually cold, that may come in useful :)  i guess thats about it, now its time for me to get on the roof and put up some more christmas lights, since i am determined to make our circut breaker explode this year.    ~keep it real kiddies
1	I just found out that Krystle hates Jimmy too.  No worries there!
0	Cancel that natalie fight show this weekend, i wor, and woundnt be able to get up there till like 8 and it starts at 6          college&nbsp; was better today, but its still work      football starts tonight         Tim hall and me need to make a road trip to see robin up north to see andrew at cental      work friday and sat      my summer is over  
1	WEll as you all no i broke up with vickie but its all good because shes going out with my friend cj and like they look better together soow/e idc  and like we're still friends soo its all good and  like i dont thik shes that mad at me  because she started going out with cj the day after we broke up soo again w/e   well i think  there might be a new girl in my life but i'm not sure yet this girl knows who she is  .... well she better lol well shes like really hott and  well sheas really hott and just really awsome and i've liked her since like the 4th gradeand well i might just get my chance but i dont want to rush ne thing because like i just got out of a relationship and well i just like beings single   and able to do w/e the fuck i want so later  love ya girls   o yeah and  pop of bitches
1	I've got a Super Mario 3 skin for my winamp player now! Woo!
1	My week of hell is over.  I worked 54 hours :P  Last night I went out and had a ton of fun with Jesse :)  Right now I am going to a day spa and getting a manicure and pedicure :)
0	I did it.  I quit the Light Brigade and joined the Super Group of my friend Exiled Halo.  It was a lot harder than I thought it'd be.
0	Wow... haha I definitely just had the worst Christmas haul ever.&nbsp; My mom "surprised" me with a CD rack&nbsp; X_X&nbsp; On the other hand, my little brother got a 17" flat panel monitor for his computer....&nbsp; Ahh well....&nbsp; not like I needed much anyways.&nbsp; Phew.&nbsp; Better luck next year.
1	Stop complaining...i hate how everyone complains about how much life sux and all that crap on live journal. ISN'T ANYONE HAPPY ANYMORE?!
1	Just finished crocheting this little red birdy -- she's going to deliver a special surprise to a sweet someone.      I experimented with a few different ways of closing the top, and decided I liked using a drawstring the most.  It makes me think of a little pouch from fairytales that holds magic dust, beans, seeds...        I love plastic easter eggs and I use them to sort lots of my little crafty supplies.  I think they should definitely be used year round, so this little birdy holds magical treasures inside it's own little egg. :)      Here they are hanging out together before their big journey!Have a great and crafty day!
0	welll today i woke up and went to work.. i was supposed to stay at lizes after with her and bree. so i packed.. but ten when i was finished working my mom called me and sed liz called and i couldnt go anymore :( oh well so i guess im goin to the lake tonight and help my dad with ski club.. and hopefully hang with krust.  i have to read jill
0	Fallé en una prueba. Puedo volverla a tomar la semana próxima. Pero fallé.
1	So I should have been in bed half an hour ago, but exactly half an hour ago I just realized that:  "OMFG SFHGKJdg hoafd fglOGsmgf gh  I CAN SCREENCAP  NEVERWHERE   .. AND MAKE ICONS!  sGHJKfhk sgjkshdajh dsa *insert fits of joy here*"   so. here i am. half an hour later, and i'm pretty much done randomly screencapping the first episode. TOMORROW.. I MAKE ICONS!   *glee*
1	Got the following email from Emma (my partner in crime at work).....  "Hi kids  As you probably know my brother directs Bo Selecta (oh the shame)...he has just called and needs about 60 extras for a wedding scene.  It’s both on the Saturday and Sunday - 28th and 29th May.  Deal is we need to dress as though we’re going to a wedding.  Shoot on Saturday is the churchy bit and the Sunday is the reception bit so same outfit and people required both days.  No, you won’t get paid but yes, you will get drunk...  If you’d like to come along please let me know names.  I need 60 people or as many as I can get so please ask your friends!  Rich – I’ve already said we’ll do it.  Sorry! So two down, 58 to go.."  If your interested comment with your email address etc, and I will pass on the details.  If a few of you are up for it, I will be aswell :)  Toodles!!
0	Wise men say only fools rush in But I can’t help falling in love with you Shall I stay Would it be a sin If I can’t help falling in love with you  Like a river flows surely to the sea Darling so it goes Some things are meant to be Take my hand, take my whole life too For I can’t help falling in love with you  Like a river flows surely to the sea Darling so it goes Some things are meant to be Take my hand, take my whole life too For I can’t help falling in love with you For I can’t help falling in love with you
1	I must do this. My lovely Melissa is here! How wonderful is that? It definitely IS a Lilith reunion. Now, go add her ladies!       m_etheridge     I wish I had more to say but I'm falling asleep as this is typed. More tomorrow!
0	gawd i'm naffed off. every where i try to look to go forwards in life seems to be a road to nowhere at the minute. i need to raise £700 for something and it's not really happening. even if i can get the something it still might not lead anywhere anyway.  i'm tired, physically and mentally, i feel like i need a new brain, maybe hypnotherapy will give me...optimism and energy, that's what i'm lacking. i know what if you try to do something 10 times and fail, it could be seen as failure, but then if you do it 100 times, it could be no. 100 that is a success. it's just a drag and contnued knock-backs get me down. errk erk errrrrrk :O(
1	so even though our lottery number was 22 (out of only 20 MILE houses) katie and i got a house!  319 N.22nd Apt. 201. aka the whorehouse. except not really. cuz im totally the opposite of that lol.  Awesome. Can't wait.    "how comfortable are the couches? cuz between the two of us, we'll probably be spending a lot of nights on them."  lol.
1	i have been so irritible lately and last night pissed me off royally but i shouldn't have gotten so angry. today was relly niice, went to the mall with kaley and tried on prom dresses for like 2 minutes lol in our pedestal dressing room...yeaa we are losers kaley but i love u much. i am definitely going out to see my dad i am actually really excited. things in life are going so well. i am so happpy its unbelievable. i cant believe ppl can say life sucks or that they wish they were dead..there is so much to be missed out on.   .if you wanted me,  whyd you wait so long?.  &lt;3 trei
0	Feeling a little down today. Can't quite pin point it. Just sad. I think I tend to get this way when Tim passes through. It kills me that he has his girlfriend in  the car when he drops Sidney off. Grrrrrrrrrrrrr. I don't know why, I'm a big girl I can take it!!  I never fought to keep him, or threatened him with Sid, I just let him go cause that's what he wanted.    "These broken wings can take me no further, I'm lost and out at sea..." Chris De burgh - Broken Wings   
1	    i cried when i saw this  click here  to watch this video
0	I'm really fucking sick of people who say they'll do something and then change their minds at the last minute.  I realize that was kinda cryptic, but it has nothing to do with any of you.
0	Woo. More guilt.  In addition to my own personal failings, my mother is now really distressed over my erratic state of being. I think she's actually downstairs crying right now.   Just another reason to ram that dagger into my skull. She wouldn't have to worry about me if I did. No one would. But things aren't that easy. I wish they were.  I just want to get out of this waking nightmare I call life.
1	..*dancing till the morning light..* gotta love the N*Sync Christmas Cd =)  This is the LAST week of classes *hell yeah* Finals are next week -oh dear =(  Then it's a MONTH off from school~wow, can't wait!**!*! Gonna be great, mmmhmm, sure is* Yay for Christmas and New Year's and all the time in between and after, haha. Next semester of classes should be good. I know at least 1 person in each of my classes, so that's a big Pos-i-tive.   Well just thought I'd occupy 2.5 of my time~I'm off to go watch Scarface for the first time ever. I hope it's good, since I hear that it's just the best ever~haha*  Everyone have a good week and make wise choices~lol, or not!  *Goodserd* &lt;--for those who took my quiz, that is actually one of my  nicknames! My mamaw calls me that =)
1	Sick again. *sniffs* XD Shouldn't have been stupid enough to go walking in the rain for two and a half hours! Ah well, it was worth it. I hope we have some more rainy days like that, that really made me happy. Daaaamn...I miss Seattle so much. Oh well. S'not like we're going back there anytime soon, so I'll shut up about it. I took a nice little shortcut to get home after the Creative Writing Club meeting yesterday...It was cool. I went on this little path on Park Drive and ended up in one of my very favorite spots, that little grove of trees and crap by the creek behind Cobblestone park. I seriously thought I was lost for a few minutes, though...XD I liked it though. No walking on some stupid sidewalk in the hot sun forever with cars going past you every two seconds. Right, well, I'm gonna go home now and work on my lovely homework. Later!
1	There's a post about the new campaign on the SOALR boards.  Which is awesome, I was worried I'd have to bring Tempesta to Clanthia, which would have sucked because I'm just having so much fun with October right now.  I'm leaving in...20 minutes.  Which will put me there way early, but I don't want Scott to accidentally give our cabin away again, because the counselor's cabin = teh suck.  Yesterday we had an impromptu pizza-movie thing at my house.  It was fun.  Very rushed but still fun.  Weeee, see you all Monday.  :)
0	i will c u all.  I HOPE YOU ALLL TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF.  IK Now only a few know what im talking about and my lord i hope you guys never have 2 go through it again. I PRAY.. i really do pray u dont have 2 do what i did sunday night. PLEASE TAKE CARE OF YOURSELVES and i do love all u kids..  REst and party well. xooxox. -Yoni
1	Ok, so the RYAN CABRERA!  IT WAS SOOOOOOOOO AWESOME.... so i was a little bummed because i didnt think i was going to make it in time to win backstage passes.... but I WON!!!!!! I MADE IT IN TIME!!!  I GOT TO MEET RYAN FRIKIN CABRERA!!! omg i WAS SHAKING LIKE NO OTHER WHEN THEY CALLED MY NAME! omg SO HE IS SOOOO NICE AND SO DOWN TO EARTH EVERYTHING WENT WELL.... I EVEN ASKED HIM IF I COULD TOUCH HIS HAIR AND HE LET ME... HE SMELLED SOO GOOOOOOD! oH SO I GOT A PIC WITH HIM AND GOT HIS AUTOGRAPH!! BUT, THEN IT WENT BAD... THEY TOOK MY CAMERA AWAY FROM ME INSIDE THE CONCERT... THEY WERE SOOO MEAN.... BUT KRISTA SALVAGE A FEW PICS OF ME AND HIM AND HER AND HIM!!! AND SOME DURING THE CONCERT ON HER PHONE... SO YEAH!!! im sooo excited!!! I &lt;3 RYAN CABRERA!!! GO HOO RAW... PS... HE SAND PAULA ABDULS SONGS AND HANSON'S MMM BOP...IT WAS HILARIOUS HE'S SOOOO FUNNY!!!!
0	I can't even talk about it on live journal.  It sucks, and I have no one I can blame.  Romance is for idiots.  Hunter S. Thompson and I have the same birthday, except his was a few years earlier.
0	Sophie passed away this morning.  When we found her, oh these fourteen years ago, she was a two week old stray on the streets of the Bronx.  We took her in, gave her a home and a loving family.  She loved us back.  Say hi to grandpa for me, and save a little energy so we can go for a walk when we meet again.  Rest in peace, my furry little friend.     "We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed.  As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over; so in a series of kindnesses there is at least one which makes the heart run over."             -Unknown book, unknown author.  Taken from  Farenheit 451 
1	I'm delighted to announce that I'll be playing at the Silver Leaf Renaissance Faire this coming July 9-31, 2005!  I'm excited about the changes we'll be seeing in Silver Leaf this year!   Open thread- let me know if you plan to be there!
0	Well today had been an ok day.. I have cried a lot, which is rather staring to annoy me. I guess I need to just be around my friends more to get my mind off shit. Itz times like this I realize just how great my friends are.. I?ve had a lotta shit on my mind lately and Terri's helped me out with a lot of it. Even tho Matt still tries to turn us against each other.. When will he realize it won?t work? I mean we?ve been friends for like four years.. We?ve been though it all and still everything weave been through it only made us closer. And I hope our friendship continues to do that. And I hope she realizes how much she means to me.. And how much I appreciate her sticking by me even when I am a "bitch" and everyone else has turned their back...
1	Another update.  Kind of odd for me to update so frequently.  I'm in a good mood today.  Least so far I am.  I got up at 9 this morning and was annoyed and went back to sleep, woke up to my alarm at 10 then tried to decide whether I wanted to go back to sleep or not, fell asleep for bout half an hour then got up got dressed and proceeded to go to Jasper.  I went to Goodies and Walmart.  I spent 75 dollars or so at Goodies on two pairs of pants and two sweaters.  It put me in a rather good mood.  I think my feminine side is showing.  Buying things is starting to make me happy.  Kind of odd.  I used to hate shopping.  Anyways, I then went to Walmart bought some cards and some more face wash.  I didn't end up going to Sam Goodies, I'd already spent more time in Jasper than I'd planned.  Now I think I'm going to go take a nap before I go to work.  After I wake up I'm going to shower and work on my Microecon before work.  Bye.
1	         Your Irish Name Is...                      Seamus O'Malley            What's your Irish Name?     today was very good, though a friend tried and stab me in the back...
1	HAPPY BIRTHDAY MATTHEW!  I hope you had a great day.  To the rest of you, if you celebrate, happy Easter.  Just got home from the Easter Vigil mass, so for us it is officially Easter, complete with SO MUCH junk food!
0	if i had to choose between spending my time looking at my eccentric page with self portraits of me playing baseball or looking at harleys of girls making out in limos, in bras in hot tubs or you ballers getting dreezed i would choose soleys because he uses it as an actual journal.   
1	You want to know what is totally amazing?!?!    The fact Daniel Swan and I will be less then a mile away from each other while at college, and that I'll be most likely be taking classes at his college. Yeah its totally awesome! I know you are all jealous. lol :-)
0	i'm reading this book, stupeur et tremblement. Well actually I only read 2 pages of the book and I gave it up. In those 2 pages maybe have the words in it I didn't understand. Okay, maybe half is a litle exagerated but still a lot of words I don't understand.
1	So classes are done and over.  Finals are done and over.  I've visited both sets of Grandparents.  That was... interesting.  I have an interview May 28th for an internship.  Dad retires June 10th.  And now, it's off to Bosnia.  Sorta.  I leave Wednesday :-D  That'll be super fun.  I can't wait.  I'll tell ya ALL about it when I get home!!!  (Early AM on the 28th :)  Love, Cass
1	shout out to QM for my new pretty...I love it...very very appropriate.  Just found out that my friend Ryan is home from the hospital and actually able to talk on the phone.  We are going down after our softball game to see him.  Steve is still beating himself up over this, although there is nothing he could have done if he was there...*sigh*  Uber busy, so just a drive by...later days!
1	eeeee!!! *dances*  1)  SENIOR TRIP TOMORROW!!!  wooooot.  2) talked to jimmy on the *gasp* PHONE just now!!   joy. totally compensates for the 2 tests that raped me today. but lets not talk about that. b/c WE'RE GOING TO FLORIDA TOMORROW!!! shit, i'm so excited. aaaaand am going to bed. :D
1	w00t. Nathan officially has the apartment. I'm moving in on April 2nd, and I have to give her a money order for the first months rent and water and a second because I have no credit. But still, that's only like $700. Fucking W00T TO THE MAXXX. Nathan feels really good right now, in spite of being chased out of the towers with my pants around my ankles. At least I already packed. But still. I feel very much like celebrating. I know! NAKED TIME! *shoof*
1	wonderful night.  feeling a wee bit sick and as though i have eaten too much (because i have).  but in general good.  had long conversation with boyfriend that was good and nice and hadn't been done in a long time.  now for some sleep before heading off to actually get some work done tomorrow (i mean later on today...).    happy.  stressing (which i despise), but happy.
1	Hello everybody.  On March 4th I will be boarding a plane to Cozumel with my honey to sit on a beach and bathe in the sun while some man named Enrique serves me many frozen alcoholic beverages. This is all made possible by the best boy ever, also known as my baby. On the list of things to do besides having lots of hot beach sex and drinking many frozen delights on the beach is seeing the Mayan ruins and taking Stephen to go swim with the dolphins along with snorkeling and windsurfing. I am so excited. I will take lots of pictures with my new camera.
0	So freakin stressed... Even after a good weekend, I wish I could alt+F4 out of life right now.   you take it from your heart and put it in your hand 
1	Yesterday was one of the most glorious days of my life.  Just picture me frolicking in 55-degree, sunny weather with Jeremiah (my iPod), a few books and blankets.  Heaven, heaven!  And then off to camping: Newman-Os, potatoes and apple cider around a fire with some of the most beloved people in the world.  Life is most truly beautiful.  Today, down to business, in a happy-as-possible sort of way.  Must corner David and make him explain the Other to me.  Must lock self in the pottery studio and finish that still life once and for all.  Must sing until my vocal cords die and my voice transcends the earthly confines of my body.  Well, maybe not that last one.  But it might do me good to sing some scales.  I smell like campfire-smoke.  Mmmm. :)
1	Since I moved, I have had next to ZERO Internet access which yes, SUCKS!  If you've not heard from me here/via e-mail/on message boards/etc. that's why. I don't know when that will change, unfortunately.  So ... if you want to catch up in person, be at SACCHARINE tonight! We've been mentioned in today's Washington Post EXPRESS newspaper ... again! YAY! :) :)  SACCHARINE details are here:  http://www.medusapromotions.com/sacchar ine.htm   So be there!  Cheers/hope to see you
1	Just spent nine straight hours working on my dissertation proposal, which will eventually become my first book.  If you'd like to read it, just contact me.    Suffice it to say that I'm excited because I'm in a bidding war with three publishers right now who want a full length book on the topic.    I want to have a drink with the world!  Would you have a drink with me?
1	Like I said, I'd update when something happened.  Well, nothing's happened yet.  I've gone back to school (which makes me sleepy) and thought about Ben a lot.  A whole lot. Monday was a very bad day for me.  I had a huge fight with the parents and managed to escape to Subway around 6:30 to see Ben, who had no idea what to think about my little meltdown.  He calmed me down and told me everything would be okay and told me to remember what I had told Eric just a few days prior 'take a deep breath, calm down, and wait.  everything's gonna be alright' After a half hour of trying to convince him that they were two very different situations, I finally gave up.  I was about to tell him the story of my life when Chance pulled up and I made my escape, but not before I cried.  a lot. Everything's alright now, so don't fret. Instead, everyone do this meme, please?   Ask me four questions, no matter how personal, dirty, private or random.  I have to answer them honestly.   That will be all. 
1	yay - this saturday is mine and Jonathan's 4th anniversary.  He has something secret planned.
0	I am going to chicago after spring break with gwiz kid. thats as far from home as i will ever go it seems. Good luck to darcy in her fraternity. good luck to sean in love in scotland. good luck to david in arizonia. good luck to brooke and r and b music. good luck to asian mike and online polls.good luck to christy in albion. good luck to all.  i work cleaning a landfillish yard in mason, its horrible, i work with craig and we find ceramic cat sculptures and save them so we can be amused with our horrid task. I think talking to darcy the other day was the best thing i have done all week. sorry david i am complaining on live journal.
1	I decided enough was enough.  Instead of talking, I took action.  The result?  I have a puppy!!  She's a little German Shepherd mix, 10 weeks old, and so cute.  I've named her Kayli, although I'm not sure how I'm going to spell it.  Kayli?  Kayleigh?  Kaylee?  Cayli?  Cayleigh?  Caylee?  I've been wanting a little puppy for so long.  Then Shelley ended up getting two.  So of course I was jealous.  Just made me want one even more.  The opportunity came and I took it.  Ended up on a little road trip to pick her up though.  She was surrounded by all her little brothers and sisters.  It was really hard just to pick one.  They were abandoned underneath a light pole in a box.  So yeah.  New puppy.  Good times.
1	Wow Man Life Is Peachy...Im really happy right now im not really sure why... Katie STOP LOOKING AT ROTTEN DOT COM! But anyway... So hows the world? well thats cool... So John Q is so freakin horrid i mean its not horrid its just very heartfilled and depressing at points and i loved it so yeah..... Man i dont wanna do my report ah well forget it.....
1	GOOD MORNING SUNSHINE OR MAYBE RAIN IT DOESNT MATTER I AM JUST HERE TO PRASIE YOUR NAME GOOD MORNING JESUS GOOD MORNING SAVIOR!    As you can tell i am in a good mood i love waking up being happy! trun on last five years to keep that happieness!   Last night i went to the store and bought my dress for the wedding it is blue. Shoes are off white and the flowers are going to be off white and blue. Last night tons of people came over my mom made dinner and we did all the little things for the table, If i never see another candle it would be too soon! We put candles in this off white net with these little stones that say kim and denis. Whoop!! I am so tired! my ovarys will not stop fighting! i wish my ovarys would just be friends and not attack my insides! well time for make up and then off to school love
1	"baby when i'm falling asleep, i think about you do you think about me"  off to see my honey in a bit :D
1	  The Light!      What Clow Card are you?      brought to you by  Quizilla    Believe me, that quiz was *not* made by a Ravenclaw.   Now, everyone, go say hi to       susan_carwin     or else .  PS: I'd like to point out to       drachenaugen    that I'm only using Kero's avatar because The Light is one of his cards, not because I'm being mean. But I must say it was quite smart of you to realise that this was my "I'm going to say something really mean and gloat about it" icon...
1	Hey everybody! First time on live journal it's pretty cool!  don't have much to say right now so i'll be back later.
0	I was watching MSNBC and they had the daughter of Fred Phelps on...apparently she is running for city council or something like that in Topeka, KS....and this is the first time I ever heard of these people....I can't believe some of the things they were saying about gays, etc. it hurt me, not only personally but emotionally just thinking that there are still people in this world who still believe "Fags will burn in hell"  they not only believe this but demonstrate it. How dare they judge people, it's not there place.  This is there website....look how ridiculous it is...I was shocked    http://www.godhatesfags.com/main/index.h tml
1	i like paul.  a lot.  he's nice.  and cute.  and goofy.  and catholic.  and latino.  and not the stereotypical frat boy.  yay :)
0	my minds been going crazy lately.  this weekend i was depressed of my ass, miserable.  but sat. night was nice at the drum circle.  but besides that...  yesterday i somehow tricked myself into being happy, and had a great day.  it was so beautiful and sunny, just nice hanging out at THE landtrust.  today went up and down, thrift storing was nice.  cool shoes and clothes.  happy happy.   just waiting for adam to end things, kinda miserable.    YOU ARE A FEARELESS OLD WOMAN you are not afraid to dress in loud colors, go barhopping alone, infact, your not afraid of anything!! a gutsy tough old woman, everyone knows not to mess with you!      what type of old lady are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	Should have made a post yesterday but didn't. It's not as if I have some crazy binding contract to update regularly. Strangely at the moment my mood seems to call for heavy bass. Don't know why. But the mood cannot be denied. So heavy bass it is. I'll make sure of it by watching the Beastie Boys concert on C4 later tonight. Got achieved in my Physics practical for using the wrong pronouns in my method (I directed the method at the reader instead of stating what I did). What that has to do with my Physics ability I have no idea. At the moment I'm working out how I'll be getting to Ashburton for the ball. Yeah I know it's not for over three weeks but it pays to be prepared. Looks like I may get half a day off school out of it. Kaz came to see me yesterday. Therefore I am happy. Yeah that's two happy's in a row. I don't care.
1	  Just to let you all know. Roland and Adriane will be performing  this Saturday night  at Lunaria in Century City.  Maurice and I will be guest performers.    ( I sing, Mo plays the sax.)  We will be doing alot of jazz standards and originals written by Roland.  It is a great atmosphere, come for dinner, or just drinks.   Our set starts at 9:15 P.M.  The cover is $10.00.  But, they have a jazz dinner special for $40.00 Here are the details:   LUNARIA  SATURDAY, JAN 15 Lunaria Jazz Club & Restaurant 10351 Santa Monica Blvd (cross-street Beverly Glen) Century City (2 miles east of 405 Fwy). PH: (310) 282-8870  Free parking after 5pm on level P-4
0	 godspeed and i wont miss you.    i haven't been making entries so i'll post this blurry&nbsp;picture.&nbsp;   
1	I took IMB to an absolutely wonderful Italian restaurant yesterday. We talked and laughed for hours and had a fine evening. In my eyes she’s still that same beautiful and intelligent woman I met seven years ago! We had a lot of laughs going there, since +IMB wore her official insignia: people tend to have a lot of respect for a catholic priest’s collar … It’s pretty laughable how people crawl about just because you wear another kind of “persona” (mask).   Today I’m back at work. Not much to do though, so it will – hopefully – be very relaxed and pleasant. The inmates are in a somewhat better mood than yesterday when we confiscated some of their illegal possessions. I think the weather adds to their mood. The sun is shining clearly and although still cold, everyone knows that spring is just around the corner. It has a tremendous effect on people’s moods.
1	I got my internet back yeah! ;[    well it's sorta funny; now that I'm back to lj everyone is all serious. maybe I should talk all serious...    nah...     joking around is much better.   good SC stuff  http://www.scmillennium.com/strateg ies.php/article/41 
1	Wow, I can't believe I came across a George Webb community!!  It is one of my favorite places to go at two in the morning.  I love their Grilled Cheese! I frequent the one on Sunnyslope and Greenfield.  It's my fav.!!  Have a good day! Good to be among fellow Wisconsinites!!
0	The headline says it all from  http://www.boston.com   Red Sox rally in ninth, then promptly blow it  Jason Varitek homered off Mariano Rivera in the ninth inning today to tie the score, but Keith Foulke gave up a homer to Derek Jeter in the bottom if the inning as the Sox fell to 0-2.  Ugh.
1	you know, i am tired of being in a pissy mood, that's not even like me at all, i am going to start being in a happy-go-lucky mood like usual  i talked to Alex last night and he told me to have a nice christmas, laugh laugh i am going to eric's house tonight, he came over with flowers last night and i was happy :) 
1	I had a great day today.  I was able to get most of my room clean today and spend sometime alone in my thoughts today at home.  This evening Kevin and some friends came over to watch and movie and I had a great time with them all.  I was really happy that Kevin and I were able to spend sometime together and not have to worry about the things that had been bothering myself or him for the past couple of days, it was really great for me.    I have to admit to that I looked into his eyes tonight and I think I saw this genuine happiness in his eyes.  It made me feel wonderful.  Kevin has made me so happy in the past couple of weeks that we have been getting to know each other and I can never say enough great things about him.  I can think of a million things but it is so hard for me to put them in to words the way he is able to do.  I am just so happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	While going out until 2am on a Tuesday night/Wednesday morning might be a very fun thing, it is not so fun when your cat wakes you up at 6am and you can't go back to sleep before you have to be at work at 8.  And you realize that both of your bosses are out, so you are it and must be at work.    I did, however, cook dinner for myself tonight; you don't know how rare that is.    And a nice nap makes the world right again.
0	so i'm out of my apartment.  hasn't completely sunk in yet. it will really upset me if i think about how much i'll miss that place.  for the meantime i spend most nights at the house in casselberry - it's nice that it's close to work.
0	Happy birthday!     Ooooh... osborg has one girlfriend.... but who?  *sniff* I can't believe a whole year's gone already. That's another year I won't get back.    **Out of interest: Some may dispute that Feb 8th is actually osborg's birthday, when the first post was written. But osborg himself was born on Feb 7.**
1	The Spirit lander isn&#8217;t completely dead and they&#8217;re working with it to get it operational again. NASA is currently citing &#8220;file managment&#8221; problems. Also, Opportunity has landed in a crater and is sending back loads of images. See here for the PR regarding Opportunity:  http://marsrovers.jpl.nasa.gov/news room/pressreleases/20040125c.html   General info on both rovers and the program here:  http://marsrovers.jpl.nasa.gov/home/  
0	today we said our goodbyes to my dad (cuz we don't know when he's gonna go). my mom kept telling me to feel a certain way-like I should feel how she's feeling. I shouldn't hafta feel the same way as anyone else! I feel what is right for me. today was possibly the worst day of my life.
1	By this time tomorrow, I will be passed out drunk on a Puerto Rican beach. Hells fuck yeah. Peace out.
1	 There's only one picture under the cut and it was of my Grandma's b.day party.&nbsp; I like it.&nbsp; Even though my Uncle Larry takes up half the photo because my grandpa has "mad" photo skills.     Yay.    &nbsp;             
1	Graduation day has come. Finally. Now I have to go and "gown up", arrange myself into alphabetical order with everyone else in the group, and wait. Fun fun fun :) My family and Heather are all coming tonight to watch me walk across stage and collect my piece of paper, we are only allowed to bring 4 people along to watch becaues of seating restrictions. So here's hoping it will be a nice evening.   The funny thing is that this is the Law graduation evening. While I haven't done a law degree, the degree I have done falls under the faculty of law, so I shall be spending my evening in a room full of lawyers - I'm not sure whether that is something to be happy about or not ;D (no offence to any lawyers out there *g*).  **************  And yes, i'm still alive :)
1	one of those personalized signed photos of James Marsters from his official site. I want one sooo bad. I am considering buying one (the one of him and the guitar), but it's difficult to find out about international shipping, and the cost. So I have emailed them, and am waiting for a reply. I would LOVE to be able to go to his concert, but not only have tickets sold out, but because of my nerves and anxiety, I wouldn't be able to. I really would have loved to have seen him, and get a signed copy of his album! Oh well I will just buy his album when it comes out :) Maybe one day when I don't get so nervous and anxious about things, I'll be able to go meet him at a concert or convention or something :) Wishful thinking.
1	Godamn I'm so happy I'm out off the Phones. Got so much shit done today, over half way through writing the manual for one of the systems I've got to maintain now.   Weekend was Ace.  Last Void on Friday was good, Michael's new Shit is fuckin rawk Great to hear Last Ninja(Adam) & Borris/Noisetruct(wayne) again.  Saturday was also pretty good, went on a Pub Crawl from Richmond to Fitzroy  then Taxied out to Adam's place but his party was already dead :( (my fault really I didn't get there till 2am) Went to bloody DV8 after, god that place cracks me up.. =D  Need to buy an mp3 player soon. Shall make my work experence a lot better. Been talking about starting a new music project with Alister, Lookout Melbourne, hell, lookout World!
1	Hello all!  I'm new to this community, and thought I'd introduce myself!  I'm a 22 year old theatre student from California.  My first Ken film was  Dead Again .  Roman Strauss = yum.  Then came the Shakespeares:  Henry V ,  Othello ,  Much Ado ,  Hamlet ... etc.  Sadly with my busy college life I have so little time to see films anymore.  I haven't seen MOST of the more recent Ken films, but I'm planning on fixing that little problem soon. &gt;.&lt;  Anyway.. glad to find a community sharing the Ken Love. 
1	I did not know Natasha Lyonne was in the third Blade movie, that made it even better. Insanely attractive Ryan Reynolds + Natasha Lyonne = Awesome.   Aaaaand, now I probably won't be in the theater again until XMas (BILL MURRAY!!!)..
1	      You scored as  Anarchism .  &lt;'Imunimaginative's Deviantart Page'&gt;        Green             75%       Anarchism             75%       Socialist             67%       Communism             58%       Republican             50%       Fascism             50%       Democrat             50%       Nazi             17%        What Political Party Do Your Beliefs Put You In?   created with  QuizFarm.com        So, yeah. Me and Sam will be working together at Hang Ten and Derek is our manager. WTF. HOW FUCKING AWESOME. I get to work with TWO of my BEST FRIENDS. XDlkjflsdfjgljkd!  Life is getting better, I love it.  P.S. Zack told me he had a dream of me, him, Shaun and Derek at his house with a petri dish full of coke, and we were gunna snort the fuck out of that shit. LOL
0	Remember that bit from Mostly Harmless (Douglas Adams) about Trillian, which goes "If there was one thing life had taught her, it was thta there are times you go back for your bag and there are times you don't. It had not yet, however, taught her to distinguish between the two" or something like that? I just had one of those moments.   When you meet someone, oh, for example at the Porkers concert the other night, and you really click, and you give them your phone number written on a coaster (they did ask), it pays to realise that after an hour a crowded, soaking mosh pit which leaves you dripping other people's sweat, your phone number may not actually be readable. *kicks self*  *kicks self again*  Somehow, the fact that I had a really good night fails to console me now. :(
0	i hate it when ppl cant keep a secret!!!!especially if its ur best friend who cant
0	things couldnt get any worse i dont think, things got to the all time low saturday...we got in to it so bad that he gets out of my car and walks to his truck a mile away..we both said somethings that night that were horrible that i know that i certainly didnt mean. yet i cant help but feel that there will be another time that we fight and things get said..i hope and pray things get better..i dont know how much more i can take. i want to be with him more than anything else yet it always seems that something is pulling away from him. how can you love someone so much and want to be with more than youve ever wanted anything in you life...and constanly be in a fight with them everyday?...i need mucho helpo....i just want to live happily ever after with my prince
1	To the girl that's a sexy as all get out!    Knows how to cop a good feel!    More fun than you can shake a stick at!!    One of my favorite people.    Happy Birthday Deb!
1	So today Nick tells me that he wants me to give the message in Jr. High sometime in the summer. And it all begins.....the promises begin to come true.........how dramatic.
1	I love my kitty :):):)   And summer and the end of school approaching.. oh yeah and I definitely love food.. mmm burritos from qdoba are yummy
1	screamingly awesome day. i went to shakespeare festival all day. me and chris munford and kris gosslin and james stewart took me to the mall at lunch for taco bell and arcade time. then, james took me to heather's so matt could come get me. so far, except for the cohasset show being canceled, everthing is awesome. i shoplifted a bunch of clothes and stuff, good times. were all in corys room having fun. no idea what were doing. fun times. we might call dylan and go to a party! sick.
0	Not even the Batman has found him.  I have searched where I can, when I can leave Luum with Hugo.  But nothing.  I am no detective, true, but a warrior learns more than how to swing a sword or fire a gun.  I have found nothing.  No sign of Wally.  No sign of Raven.  I miss my old friends.  I love being with Victor and Garfield, working with the younger Titans, but I miss the days of the old Tower.  Dick, Roy, Raven, and Donna most of all.
1	Hmmm, I haven't updated here in a while. Well...now I have a myspace. I'll post the link next time I update. What's new?:  I went to see MSI, that was soooooo awesome. I'll never ever forget it.  I've got a myspace (obviously) My computer is broken -_- I have pink hair Ummmmmm and that's about it.  I hope everyone is doing well!! ^_^
1	i met someone last night!! she's totally sweet, totally good looking and from what i know so far, amazing!!!  but i'm very superstitious and don't wana jinx anything so that's all you're getting for now....lol  more to follow....maybe  see ya!!
0	well..my day isnt going all that well,and its only the morning. i feel like shit i have a cold and great day to be sick huh? our heater broke and we have to keep the fire goin to stay warm i feel like a homeless person. i was truley touched by some people that that remeberd...i miss all of u too. i want to go out to dinner tonight but i have a feeling that we are going to have to stay here. :( and i dont know if iam gunna wanna go out for dinner anyways. but i guess i will write later.*
0	So yea.... one year ago today my grandmother passed away.  It hurts so much....the tears burn...as much as the hole in my heart.
1	Happy Birthday to me!! Spent the day playing pool with some friends and tekken 5, which is really awesome game. Tomorrow (actually later today i should say) gonna head out snowboarding in NJ. Yey
1	Well this is it, twelve hours from now I'll be on a plane flying out to Denver.     A few last things that need to be said before I go and this journal lies dormant (for the most part) till may. First of all,  thanks to all of you for being my friend. Friends are a goodness. All of you are a goodness. Secondly, you'll be hearing from me, and I hope to be hearing from you(I love letters *nudge nudge*). If you need my email address, just check my user info page. Thirdly, if it is at all in my power, I will send each and every one of you a true blue Colorado snowball, complete with a hand to throw it at you. Lastly, my love to all of you and have a brilliant Spring.    Peace out bitches.  
1	   yeah, i heart that girl that much.   also... this is catrina! *I* like catrina. haha.
1	So I know I hardly ever update at all, but I've got some sweet news.  A really good friend of mine was just asked to run a bowling alley.  The bowling alley's in Waterford, and it's been closed all summer, but it's reopening this Tuesday with my buddy Todd as the manager.  He's asked me to help him out and set up his bar and everything for the opening.  So...I'm gonna be bartending at Premier Lanes in Waterford on Tuesday and I'm inviting all of u guys to come up and have a good time.  I'll be there all night so come visit me and bowl a couple games.  I don't have all the details, but I'm pretty sure we'll be open late.  Give me a call on my cell if u have any questions 586-604-9444.  See ya there!  Premier Lanes 7100 Cooley Lake Rd. Waterford, Mi 248-366-9500
1	my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard and they're like its better than yours damn right its better than yours i can teach you but i have to charge  sorry for stealin your song tony....   now that jere is safe and sound, benj and i will be disappearing for a week.  not sure when we leave or where we're going...but don't try and contact us.  benj...you're my survival, you're my living proof that my love is alive and not dead (thank you edwin mccain for those lyrics)
1	oh! im so happy..found a new deadboy show online that i dont have yet..im almost done downloading it..yay! it has a song 'quiet doom' which i havent heard yet..well, until right now. so far im likin' it...but of course its dax, so there was never any question :P  everything else is goin good..archie is at the docs office right now getting his lung checked on..hopefully he will come home with good news.  i want a ciggarette really bad, but i dont have any. damn. im trying to quit yet again...think im gonna go play the guitar or do some dishes until the urge passes. arch will have to give me a ciggerette when he gets home..yeah..collapsed lung and still smoking. hes smokin ultra lights, and hes cut down alot, but still..  this version of 'filling empty holes' fucking kicks! i love it! i need some blank cds so i can burn this. good version of 'stranger to reason' too.
1	       You scored as  Emo & More . Emo and Screamo.       Emo & More             83%       Indie             63%       Indie Rock             63%       Mainstream             58%       Punk and Pop Punk.             50%       Classic Rock.             46%       Hardcore             29%       Industrial             25%       Hip Hop and Rap             25%       Ska             25%       Britpop             13%       Country             4%        Music Recommendation   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	I'm tempted not to say this, just to spite tim... but I can't just not say it.  Merry Christmas, everybody.  That's right, all three of you.  Just a couple more hours.  God bless.  I love you.    Keep the world in your prayers.
0	Im so disillusioned right now.... all I can muster is a quote from one of my favorite movies  One that describes President Bush    "We're all screwed! Thats an apple that fell waayy off the tree!"    -- Tommy Boy 1995   and my favorite to describe the reason "HE" is our president again.    "What the american public doesn't know   makes   them the american public"   Ray Zalinsky - Tommy Boy 1995
1	Last night I gave some of our customers (at the resort we live and work at) massages. I give foot massages and make money! It was raining last night and I massaged every ones feet except my mom and sage and I made 36 dollars !  (moms note: she really made 36 dollars last night, I think I should get into the foot massage business!#@!)  Today is mothers day and I drew lots of pictures and I gave her a table that has a dragon fly on the top so she can put it on her porch. She has lots of pretty things on her patio porch.   Today I made a vase with flowers. A purple vase out of paper and flowers are made out of tissue paper. I got my mom real flowers not real flowers too.
0	ahhh! im sitting in my little computer chair, all alone, all alone, and i have nothing to do. i have such a horrible cramp right now you wont believe how much it hurts. i just got back from state and it was so muxch fun with gela! aahhh... i got lots of stuff, i think i bought most of it, eh, 60 : 40 eh, 50 : 50 i don't know. im downloading songs like a maniac and im kind of in a deppressing mood so im downloading all these sad songs that are making me cry and the bloody schumachers played this children song that made me cry and i want to download it but i don't know the name. so right now im listening to i can help fallin in love with you, oh god im deppressed
0	Well, I looked at google's news page this afternoon, and apparently there's rumors going around in the Italian Press that  Pope John Paul the II has died .&nbsp;  If it's true, it's very sad.&nbsp; Personally, I think with all the  traveling that he did, he made a good leader for the Church.&nbsp;  
0	So...manic state has ended, bring on the depression! woohoo uh huh, sure  Tonight I will be moping around the house watching a chick flick (hopefully) and eating chocolate. SOMEBODY FIND ME A BOYFRIEND!!!!!! *clamps hand over mouth*  No, no I didn't just say that.
0	do you know what the worst feeling in the world is?  When someone you love more than life itself gets upset with you.  especially when its over something stupid like being in a specific room or saying "shut up".
1	cancelled class. aw yeah. this week has been great. i had a super duper night on monday. last night, we played another show and we played better than we did last week and it was fun. we played last so the only people that were still there were me and aaron's parents, brandi, and a couple members of the first band, but that's ok. OH and friggin' jade because she was rocking the camera for us (&lt;3). the incubus rip off band brought a bunch of their ugly friends so WE GOT PAID $41. you heard right. we got paid money to have fun for 25 minutes. there's just something crazy about that and it makes me smile. today i am tired, but first class was cancelled. i have a pretty long reading assignment for my third class that i should be doing right now. i'll get to it, i swear. i should probably do that now. i hope this week keeps up how it's going. i love brandi and  right click and save as to hear a new demo .
0	I made a new screename lastnight. Ok, I made 2.   solitairexca  and  stillxthexonex  Right now Im on solitairexca though.. dont know when Ill use the other one. I also have  Clack Is Whack  linked, so IM me to let me know you have solitairexca so I can unlick Clack and re-link  o MizzCrystal o . 
1	didn't go to work cuase da car was in the shop yesterday.. stayed home and  figured out my set for COMA2 tomorrow. i'm going to be spinning mostly rare vinly .... AND! i have an exclusive track of       karlozm   's upcoming NEW CD.. so if you want to hear it- BE THERE BEOTCH!  got lots of shit to start designing.. going to tackle that when i get back monday..     ANDDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!! next friday! Re-Agent cd release party at Savage! I'm gonna DJ a set there.. (then possibly skip over to the Evol Intent show       substance_p    informed me about) DAMNIT! why does two cool things happen in one night! MUST seee evol intent!!!   andy and anita.. i'm gonna drag you all over Toronto that friday!! hahahahahh  ANDDDDDD!!!!!!  i leave you with this fun pic i did with Brian Reiser  
1	i am now officially the new 5th floor RA of Sheehy :) you should totally come visit me because im fun
1	Muahahaha.  I got an 88 on my second Sociology exam.  After bonus credit (12 points), I'll have a 100...I can almost guarantee it. I don't think I will miss any of the 12 points on the bonus.  On the first exam, I got an 86 on the exam itself, then 11/12 on the bonus for a final score of 97.  Man, there's no way I won't have an A in this class.
1	Anthony Goldstein is the sweetest guy ever to exist- For the record.   Although his best friend appears to be mental.  Punching  a teacher?    Valentine's Day is just  lovely,  isn't it?
0	 Blog of Death: Wanda Alston   What do you want to bet some redneck is going to claim she deserved it, or it was "God's will" for being gay?   View this post on my blog   
1	For those of you that don't know, September 22nd is my birthday. In the past, I have always been a huge fan of birthdays, and the fact that I am turning 21 hasn't changed that at all. I'm super excited about my birthday and will probably be heading to Wegman's right around midnight to buy my first legal alcohol. Weee!
1	Have I mentioned lately that I lovelovelove       princessrandom   ? seriously, sometimes I love her so much I want to cry &lt;3333  wow span, way to make yourself sound like a lesbian. I HAVE A BOYFRIEND !!!! . *stares at photo of her*  So now Im gonna do some OMGWTFLOLZHI2U TORZ AND SPAN PICTURE SPAMINIZE!!!!                      YAY!!!!
1	My mom just now told me that she likes  Firefox . I was shocked ! :O  But she soon   clarified.      The white one !         mannu    r0x0r !  :-)  -nerdy  [update]  Yes yes does use Firefox !  [/update]
1	Happy Birthday to       likeaspark    Hope you have a wonderful day.
0	On the way to work yesterday I wrecked my car. I r sad.
1	 Weee!  And, for want of a better word,  dude . MUMAKIL CHARGE! This is now my new wallpaper.  Oh, and I came across the aforementioned pic whilst looking for references for  i-Gollum . I refuse to take responsibility for the actions of my brain :)
0	So I finally got a Live Journal. I had been meaning to get one for awhile, just never got around to it I guess. I might still post or cross post on xanga, we'll see...
1	 http://www.cityplace.ca/hve/hve.asp     Go to "Floor Plans", "Building D", "Floors 3-39", "Suite 03" ... that's where we'll be living by next new year's eve.    Yeah, we decided to move to a new building instead of staying at our own.  But this one looks nice.  We're low in the building so we won't get a great view (mostly of the freeway) and there will be a fair bit of noise, but the light will be awesome, and the space... oh, the space!  I'm jazzed.  big time.
0	Sometimes I can be very childish as oppose to my normal modus vivendi which is often child-like.   So here I am writing up my journal when other things should be going on. One day I'll grow up.  Still, Question Time tonight and it could well be interrupted by a documentary on BBC4 about Russell T Davies.
1	Wow today was a good day. School was definitely awesome today! :) Work was definitely awesome too! :) Everythings just awesome! Theres just no better way to put it :)   I wake up smiling every morning...:D
1	Hei!   How are you all?  I have a few fun questions:  What kind of clothing do Norwegians wear everyday? - I'm guessing jeans, but I want to make sure.  Also does anyone know what a family on a farm may wear?  Is there any Norwegian formal dress - and when do you wear any traditional clothing?  Here's my other question: Okay, the parents have a daughter, and the daughter's two friends (one is a boy and the other a girl) often visit.  Is there any special titles they should call the daughter's parents?  Or do they just call them by their first name?  What is the common practice for Norwegians in situations like this?  Tusen Takk! Ha det!  :)
0	I need to learn more. To learn abt life, to learn abt pple, to learn how to improve myself.   I want to learn drawing. Clammie, let's go learn drawing together, ok?
1	  well well..another week went past! it was a pretty good week i must say! lol didnt have school monday cuz it was an "ice" day lol then tuesday i had hockey...wednesday was the pep rally so i missed 2 periods,thursday night was the&nbsp;tsunami concert..it was alright i guess.. im still def from it lol and then today i was just in a happy mood so it made the day go by much faster lol so yeahhh tonight im going to the ice game woot woot lol..really i have ntohing better to do... yeah well im gunna go cyah xo       &nbsp;     Britt&lt;3     &nbsp; 
1	...is what happens at the Hangar Club, stays at the Hangar Club.  Lessons learned: - glasses of wine during the first set, and soda and coffee during the second set, make for sober driving! Hooray! - I am a cologne junkie, and I am not alone. Men who smell that good are dangerous... but yummy. - some poeple are suprisingly shy around men, until you get them drinking... - women can *stop* the show in it's tracks... hehhehheh...  - my friends are too much fun.
1	This nice girl       keridwyn    made me an icon.  Thank you keridwyn!  Allright,       deense    made it all flashy, but Keridwyn did all the real work.  Now i think i'm off to sing.  Really, Vito's voice is so high, he's not all that great a singer.  He should be part siamese like me.  Ah well, we can't all be perfect!  Oh, and i think i'll lay in the window too.  That sounds like a rewarding day.
1	Weeelll.  Watched 21 Grams which was amazing, Went to see Dawn of the Dead, it was amazing in that terrible way.  hahaha.  Then i snuck into see Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind for free, which was amazing in that amazing way.   Everyone should go see all of them :).
1	Yay, Jess made icons for the first time in 132432842398 years!  And referred to herself in third person - twice!  I suddenly became mildy obsessed with Liam Aiken, and after seeing Robots last night I had to make some icons of it (go see robots!).  Oh, and this is my second post today, so if you're not just here for the icons, read my last blog and help me find an mp3 player :).  Teasers          Robots 01  02  03  04  05  06  07  08  09  10  11   Liam Aiken 12  13  14  15  16  17  18  
1	OK..  Going to the Omaha Royal's baseball games all year is paying off!   Throgh the year, you'd purchase a soft plush baseball for a dollar.. . the money went to the Ronald McDonald house.   Then a 2004 Dodge Neon R/T would drive around the field during the game and if you threw your ball in the sunroof, you got a free Big Mac Value Meal, and could also win a chance to win that car.   A guy from the Omaha Royals just called John and I and we are 2 of 25 people that will be given keys to win that car!   Someone is guaranteed to win it.   If you put the key in the door, and it unlocks it..  then you drive the car home that night.   A long time ago, we decided that if we win the car, we'd sell it and split the money... well now it is a real possibility that we may win it.   September second is the last game of the season, and that is when the car-winning may take place.
1	If you've been a long time reader of my journal, you know what time of year it is.&nbsp; It's time for WGI World Finals (percussion ensemble competition for those who're wondering), and I will be leaving early in the morning tomorrow.&nbsp; I will be gone until late sunday night, so you prolly won't hear from me until monday.&nbsp; If you really need to get in touch with me, I'll have the cell with me.&nbsp; Call me if you want, even if it's just to talk.&nbsp;   Wish us luck, both for VH (I'm in) and TCE (former member).&nbsp; I can only hope the trip ends up nothing like last year's horrible line of tragedies, one after the other...
0	I saw my dad this weekend at the job fair.  It was the first time I've seen him in monthes, and he only talked to me for a second.  He seemed busy. I guess it's good that a lot of Hogwarts students asked about St. Mungo's. Dad's a busy man, and maybe he'd be less  of a workaholic  busy if there were more people on staff.
1	I GOT MY TATTOO!!! TEEEEEEEEE-HEEEEE!!  It is a viking's compass, "It's so I don't get lost" "If the Vikings had bad weather or fog, they used to draw it on their foreheads with a piece of coal. I put it on my leg, I don't want it on my forehead :P  The tattoo (16th century):   
0	I was unaware as to how, ambiguous gifts can be. How one with so much feeling, and optimism wrapped inside. Can turn into a gift,  consumed with an emotional cancer. I've massaged and nursed kneecaps,  just because you asked me to. And I was unaware as to how,  ambiguous people can be. How one with so much feeling, and optimism wrapped inside. Can turn in to a person, conusmed with an emotional cancer. I've massaged and nursed kneecaps, just because you asked me to.  Holidays aren't holidays, they're days created, to make good people realize, that there is no room for us in this world. But I'm sure I'm just being  RIDICULOUS!
1	    Well even though my g/f is grounded she called me anyways. I was so happy to hear her voice, i love my baby so much. It's just so amazing how just thinking about her makes me so happy. Then when i talk to her everything that was wrong or that i was worrying about just seems to go away. Other then that i've been being so lazy today. I started playing Final Fantasy X again yesterday. That's my fav. game for play station. Oh yeah... Megan L. girl call me if you need anything you know im always here for you. I hope everyone is going ok. I guess i will be going now... im kinda sleep. Love to all.          &nbsp; 
1	what a good day :) hoping tonight will be even better.
0	Howard Stern has reported that comedian Mitch Hedberg has died of a drug overdose.  I haven't been able to find any official confirmation.  Here's hoping that it ain't so!  "Mr. Pibb is a poor imitation of Dr. Pepper. Dude didn't even get his degree."  In other news, Terri Schiavo's body just died.
1	So, I had a half-day at work (my last day.) My new boss wanted me to start as soon as possible since he is going to trial. So, I prepared for a day of work. I was greeted with a warm tour of the office (oh, I get priority with the music) and then told to head home, relax and to come back on Monday.  This is a good day.  Now I just need to find a way to occupy my free time. Since I work in Agoura (I'm at the old job now cleaning out my desk) I think I'm going to take a drive down PCH.  Who knows?  I'm up for anything today. I seek adventure. Damnit it's a beautiful day and this Friday evening will not go to waste.  I was reflecting with  James Hurley , Cassie and Melinda last night as to how far I've come from these past two years.  I have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and if I never see the sun again I know that there was light to be seen. And you know what? That's enough.
1	Cable company came out yesterday, delivered the modem... I had to leave for work before making sure we were online, and sure enough, we weren't...they're coming back tomorrow morning (came into work early today to make up for being late tomorrow), and if it can't work, well, I never did cancel my order to get DSL set up tomorrow... at this point, I'll take whichever one works.  Things are going very well.  Krystal and I are getting along great, and the animals provide hours of entertainment.  Jennifer is coming up for a visit tomorrow and staying the weekend (Jennifer my old LARP buddy from Tucson, not crazy Canadian Jennifer, for those who know me from those days).  Its funny, I'm the only guy without a family (yet) in my office of three, and Krystal absolutely refuses to let me take any pictures of her, so I have a picture of Jennifer and her baby girl on my desk so I don't feel left out.
1	AHAHAHAHAHAAHAH I MASTERED THIS THING!!! I HAVE PICTURES!!! I LOVE YOU CLARE BEAR THANX!!!!
1	Tonight I danced to Transvision Vamp and Rage Against The Machine.  It was fun.
0	Sonny and I went to the Pistons game yesterday and WE WON!!! It was totally fun.  Then we went to Mt. Pleasant and stayed in a hotel which was also fun, I swear I've NEVER seen so many Subways in my life!!   Today I'm feeling kind of blah..just worn out I guess and stressed because I'm way behind in my classes. And I'm broke which doesn't help you feel any better.     BUT i did just get a $25 Best Buy gift card in the mail so that's exciting!    Still working on a plan.
0	El Papa Juan Pablo II (John Paul II) murió hoy a las 9:37p hora Romana. Que Dios lo favorezca.
0	I am so bored. My weekend sucked. All I did was anticipate talking to Travis and Mike on Sunday, and we talked for nine minutes, they said they'd call me back... and it didn't happen. MY LIFE BITES... I told you guys it was going to happen. ANYWAYS last night I cried myself to sleep. I had 9 Darvocet, 40 sleeping pills (yes, how sad, I did dump them out and count them) and I was going to down them with a little more than half a bottle of Nyquil. OBVIOUSLY... I didn't do it, but I wanted to. I took 4 Darvocet and called it a fucking night. I really am just like ready to fucking go. I really seriously don't have anything to live for.
1	went to the jimmy eat world signing yesterday with jj and my brother. i got my poster signed and two cd jacket sleeves signed. i felt like a little girl when i saw them. i've been listening to those guys for 5 years. wow. they are really nice. school has been going pretty good. i don't go as much as i should though. its hard to wake up next to jj and not stay in bed with him. but i have a really awesome teacher that doesn't care and lets me make everything up. my grades are good so yeah if they slip then its back to going every day. so yeah everything is going so much better now..........
0	This is a bit old, but I drew this in paint when I was at work coming down from a big weekend. Was a very hard come down and took me almost a week to be normal again. Very painful and strange experience as you can see from the picture.   
1	HELLOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!! havent updated in ages!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. how is everyone? my lifes still going great, hi-spirits as always. so lets see, i cant remember what we've done done since my lasy entry but his weekend was great, had a great time. HUGS FOR ALL!!!! everyones back at school, yay!!!!!!! looking forward to seeing everyone, farewell
1	Yay!!  I managed Bloodstock and it was amazing, the bands that we saw were really great, Children Of Bodom were fucking amazing!! I loved every minute of their set, they were probably the best part of the festival, and plus I got to watch Alexi! *swoons*   Alexi is an amazing guitarist, he did so many amazing solo's, he dualed with the keyboardist which was Immense.   Found a couple of new unsigned bands which are really good too, got a few t-shirts and also got a cd signed, we all really enjoyed ourselves!  We will definatly be going again next year!!  College went fine on wednesday, I really enjoyed that too, it wasn't as scary as I thought, I was fine once I was in the class and was getting sorted.
1	i'm going swimming before class tomorrow i'm so excited!!!!
1	Hi, Quistis here!  Well I am finally back from my vacation, which was, by the way, very relaxing!  I'm glad to see you guys again.   I'll be posting here as well, so I hope to hear from you every once in a while.  Quis
1	I should really be doing something productive. But I'm not. Maybe I will soon, if I don't pass out and die. Oh, and, belatedly, my PHB came in, and Vanyel was so proud that I had both my book and dice last session that he gave me another set of dice :D. So, my dice bag should be coming in (someday...), and I've also ordered  Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister  which should come in at some point and bid on the Monster Manual on Ebay. Go meeeeee. I'll get a DMG someday if I find one relatively cheap, and then I shall have the three basic necessary books and I shall be happy :D.  ETA: In a rare spurt of brilliance I decided to go check my mail, and have recieved my dice bag :D. It's not all that wonderful because it's cotton, but I'm too stingy to spring for a velvet one right now &gt;&gt;. It's still pretty, though. I also had a note telling me that I have a package in the university post office, which is probably  Confessions.  Fweehee.
0	Well I feel like a broken record becasue this keeps happening but I overslept again, hehe and I didn't get very much accomplished today at school besides going to lecture, lab and recitation. Once I got back to the library I finish a little bit of my lab with Nadim's help, (Thanks) but that's about it. I seriously have to refocus (pep talk for myself) from now on a little bit more on getting caught up in my classes:-) It's my own fault, I have just not been very driven...I think I am just a little worn out, I know that's no excuse, but I will restart tomorrow getting up early and getting caught up. I have been down for a few days now seriously this random depression has got to go........Ok enough talking to myself. Good Luck to All of you have have tests coming up soon!!!! To Rajshree, Kelly, Mo, Nadim, Mohini and Pavan...lylas and lylab... I just learned those but they were so true for you guys I had to add them in. Goodnight All!!!
0	I finally got my FFXI Beta copy and after a total of 16 hours of downloading updates for it, it turns out my graphics card can't handle it.  I either need an NVIDIA GeForce with 32MB or better (starting price $89, w/o installation) or an ATI Radeon 9000 AGP series (starting price $99 w/o installation).  fuck.
1	2day was fun! i hung over jeffs. it was funny becuase ive been gangstered out all day. i was trying 2 imitate jeff and 2 see how many ppl stared at me cuz i think its funny when ppl stare at me. then joey came over 4 a few hours. and now im sleeping over a friend's house. how awesome is that!?! welll... theres not much to type 2day... so im gonna go
0	i should have known it was coming.  daddy left on a fishing trip with uncle johnny and grandpa bair.  he didn't even take me and benny.  well, i could see him not taking benny...but me?   first auntie bets...now daddy.
1	Why?  Because I can.  And it was awesome.  I feel good - it should be arriving within the next couple of weeks.  Yay for having things that are awesome.  Spending is going to be tight the next couple of months... but that's ok.  It's all a start to living on my own, and I can't wait.    Also played Mario Party 6 with Kev today.  That was awesome, as usual.  Maybe we'll play tomorrow.... that would be awesome as well.   ok. I'm tired. More tomorrow.
0	I'm not sure who to talk to.  Today I lost my job after I was told that I'd have it for good. I won't have money for insurence so I still can't drive, my grandma is dying, and I think I'm making my girlfriend dislike me.  Sam told me that I need to suck it up and grow up. I really think I'm getting on her nerves bad. She deserves a boyfriend and I'm just a whiney baby. Last two time's I've seen her she hasn't wanted to kiss me or anything. I don't blame her though. I'm broke, not mobile, unemployed and lazy.  I feel better a little that I could get that all out.  I'm gonna go do something now.  -Mike
0	Well this weekend is pretty much blown.  The one chance I had to have fun was well...not fun.  Tomorrow=rake leaves, I think. YAY. But on the bright side, at least I got some sleep last night.  I really needed it.  eh. well anyway, meet little lithuania:      
1	Are any British Daniel fans going to the conventions or talks this year?  I want to go to Collectormania 7 in Milton Keynes but I'll have to go on my own because I'm coming from Northern Ireland. Michael Shanks and Corin Nemec will be there, I really want to see them. From afar anyway, not up-close because I'm a fool and would embarrass myself terribly *g*.  Me: "Ohmigod you're Daniel Jackson, I lurve you"  MS: "erm...please stop drooling on my shoes..." Me: "Marry me and let me have your Daniel-babies" MS: "SECURITY!"  I might have to brave it and go on my own...unless anyone else is going and wants to meet up? *puppy dog eyes*
1	  summer girlies at UF        ya know how we dooooo    the lime was reeaaally sour.  
1	Hello,   I've been waiting to see how this community does.  And, I've decided that it can't hurt to post.  I have a story titled "Ignorance Isn't Bliss."  It's on fanfiction.net under the user name "Scaled Phoenix."  It is a WIP Dark!Harry fic where Voldemort is sort of a mentor for Harry.  It will eventually be DM/HP as well.  I hope you check it out.
1	Attention everyone!   Diamond Back is playing at the Ottawa Super-ex, on August 20th @ 8:30 pm. on the Shell community stage. That's next Tuesday! Admission to the ex is $8.50. We would appreciate the support!  I've been working my ass off for the past weeks trying to get all of our songs together, getting everything sounding good. We're playing two new songs, and a cover of Metallica's "One". Should be a great show, it would be great if I could see all you there! The rest of the summer's gonna be pretty sweet; show at the Ex on Tuesday, Tool concert on Saturday, and then I'm gone to New Brunswick for a week from the 26th-31st.  More writing sessions are on the way, we still haven't started recording... but all in time.   Anyways, I'll talk to everyone later. Let me know if you're coming or not, leave a comment! Bye!
0	Its tuesday and i stayed home..i  just dont feel too good.   Spring break was ok. I hung out with robin alot. and i leslie hung out wit us one time. hehehe  *covers my mouth* "aahaaaa" lol. U kno u had fun leslie.  I love you Shyanne...R.I.P....Daddy loves you too. we miss u already.
1	I'm feeling really happy right now! I just am in such a great mood. Maybe because it is getting nearer to christmas and I finish work in a week for the christmas holidays. Also, my Robert Downey Jr album just arrived in the post from amazon.com. I can't wait to listen to it! I absolutely love the cover of it, he looks great! :)  Today Kelly is coming over so that will be nice. I am also planning on updating my Calista site, and just getting on with some things I need to sort out. I hate it when I have a lot to do, but just can't be bothered to do it. So I put it off, and then everything builds up. So today I am going to make an effort, and do everything I need to do!  Oh well, I guess now I will listen to my album :)
1	3.68, which brings my cummulative GPA up to a 3.61.   I kicked the shit out of this semester. Thankyouverymuch.       CHM          101  ARMCHAIR CHEMISTRY             03.00 A         ENG          175  NATURE OF LANGUAGE             03.00 A-        ENG          252  AM LIT REALISTIC-PRESENT       03.00 B+       MTH          105  INTERMEDIATE ALGEBRA           03.00 A-       PSY          220  DEVELOPMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY       03.00 A-       I am damn proud.  What can I say?   Now I have an hour before I have to brave the frozen tundra in order to work for 8 more hours.  Blah.
1	well it's been a longggg week. it's actually been ok, not too too boring. i went to target and went to see the zoolight safari, got a new coat, ate at mcalisters (THE BEST) and watched movies...i've watched so many movies lately it's ridiculous. we rented Napolean Dynamite yesterday yay!! GREAT MOVIE! so that was fun. tomorrow's new year's eve and that should be alot of fun. and EVERYONE'S COMING HOME!!! :) in one way i'm ready for school but it has also been too short of a break! well i'll talk to everyone soon  .::Kari::.
1	Ah, the girl comes home today.  Happy isn't really a word that covers how I'm feeling right now, but we'll use it in order to conserve space. :)   Christmas was good.  Got to spend lots of time with Toph, which was the best present a girl could ask for.  It really doesn't get any better than a happy baby making zooming noises while pushing himself around on the new rocket-with-wheels that his grandma got him.  I love my boy.    Other than that, just doing laundry and chatting with people I never get to talk to anymore.  That's one aspect of not having a computer that sucks.    Well, nothing ground-breaking to say, and I need to go give the car a bath.  Loves to you all.  Call if you need anything.
1	In the last two days i've won the following:  Souths Fisherman hat  Souths Casual Cotton Tshirt (Traditional baseball style shirt) Souths Pen Souths Keyring Souths Jersey Souths Micro-fibre Polo Shirt Souths Hollographic Sunglasses Souths Fleecy Top Souths 67/68 Grand Final DVD  This cost money, but i should have just enough to cover it.
1	Today is good, my friends. Do you know why today is good? Because I have  boots.  I may have mentioned earlier that everyone in this country wears amazing boots (which makes sense when you consider the amount of rain they have to put up with). I, however, despaired of ever owning amazing boots, because I find them so very difficult to fit properly.  Today, however, I capitulated, took a ridiculous amount of money out of my bank account, and bought boots. They're black, and not quite mid-calf, with a smallish heel on them. They zip up the inside, but they also have fantastic strappy things and a shiny buckle. In short, they are not only fantastic boots, but they are piratey and wonderful and, most importantly, they  fit .   Nothing can depress me now, for I have amazing boots of amazingness.
0	depressed. this was supposed to be an extra-ordinarily fun night filled with culture, hanging out with friends, and partying like it's a saturday night.   but i am home, sucking on an ice cube, dizzy from all the medications, and praying to god that my allergy attack won't affect my breathing.  my upper lip has swelled and it's not a pretty sight. worst of all, i invited friends to a party that i cannot go to myself, and i'm going to have to skip a friend's birthday party later tonight.        
0	Dear Journal,  Single again.  Don't really feel like going into it again, just suffice it to say, its like, over, and I don't intend to go back.   Love, Nikki
0	Life sucks.  I feel lost in everything.  I think I made a big mistake on more than one occassions this week, and today just helped make that more clear to me.  To those of you I hurt: I'm sorry. To those of you who hurt me:  f#@$ you!
0	I am sad...   "All my words come back to me in shades of mediocrity, like emptyness and harmony, I need someone to comfort me... "
0	what i'd really like to do today, is just go sit on gram's lap and cry, and have her stroke my hair
1	I'm off to the Auckland office of Microsoft to check out some Xbox related stuff. Should be good. Sorry I haven't written much lately. Wei Yen has been faithfully bringing my neglect to my notice on a fairly regular basis. University is going alright (in spite of the fact that I'm skipping a bunch of classes tomorrow), spent a fair portion of tonight starting and almost finishing an assignment, now I'm going to bed and get six, maybe seven hours sleep before I go and accost these lovely Microsoft fellows.  Don't wait up!
0	#23 It's not the events of our lives that shape us, but our beliefs as to what those events mean.  -Anthony Robbins
1	haven't  updated in a while have had a crazy week don't remember last saturday sunday i went spelunking that was fun monday tuesday wednesday i don't know what happened to them today is thursday and i have a lot of work to do but i am going to biennial tomorrow which excites me greatly my part of the room is a mess i probable won't do everything i should but i will prbably have a nice evening i think my roommate is kicking me out for a bit hmmmm i am getting sushi tonight though which could be excellent and for chanukkah i get to see elianna yeay i am happy i think that will be my emotion fabulous that is all i will update later  oh my questions of the day for you to reply to: What were your views on God as a child and how did they develop? What was the biggest infulence of these views?
0	just got back from the meet in baton rouge...wow it was all bad! i did terrible! but the boys team won 1st in the all-around! nice! ok so im really tired because i only got 2 hours of sleep last night and sleeping in a 15 passenger van (which, just for the record, you can only fit 15 ppl in with all their lugage if you pile up on top of each other and dont mind having no leg room whatsoever. being claustrophobic does not help too much either.) is not very much fun. a whole lot of shit happened friday night that im just gonna keep to myself.  i have to study for a huge science test tomorrow and i have no idea when im gonna wake up cause right now im soo tired that i cant sleep...does that make sense? i dunno i prolly dont make too much sense right now. ok well im gonna go do something like eat something cold because it just got really cold in here and all ive had all day is a burger.
1	Finally - I might get a job - I am going into an interview tomorrow at 6'o'clock!  Its only at papa murphy's but its a job! So i'm excited - maybe it'll work out! oh well - i just need money - oh well - i'm outy
0	Well, spare yourself the time of going to see The Village.  Yes, M Night Shyamalan was cool until I saw that flick.  I went with Bryan and a bunch of others at 1 last night with the Regal staff....awww so special me...free movies before showed to the public...haha...but yeah SUCKED and I believe I got the same impression from the others that were there too.....regretfully I didn't go see Harold and Kumar...arg...I'm sure I'll check it out within the next week or so....
1	As of tommorrow, I am the proud owner of a 1990 Buick Regal. My very first car, and my very own vehicle.  YAY!
0	...and there's no need to test my heart, with useless space. these roads go on forever,  there'll always be a place for you in my heart ...  Oh Dashboard Confessional... so emo, hitting so close to home right now. I'm so confused by everything that is going on right now. I'm so overly emotional and I'm crying about EVERYTHING and I don't know what to do with myself. I just want to be happy and loved and I want to be able to let go, but I don't know if I can yet. I hate this. I can't wait for my little mini vacation with my parents... leaving on Saturday... phew.
1	But now Pvt Jacobs USMC is back in Buffalo :)  I think that's enough said right there ^_^
0	Why can't the ghosts from the past stay in the past?
1	well christmas is rearing its happy ass around the corner...so its time to sing those damn songs that ive been hearin for the past 18yrs of my life...lol..j/k i love christmas its the only time my family up north actually talks to me...im trying to work extra hours to get some ppl something bc of bills its gonna be hard...i dont really want anything for x-mas just as long as i have the ones i love.....oh yea zack is sooooo gay...and umm thats it... nica
1	Today has been a fun spectacle of Reidness... yes my friends, Reidness... We went with my mom in the afternoon to get a Christmas tree, we went to his old house, hung around mine and sang way too much Better Than Ezra. Me, Reid and Kansas eventually made it back here to Florence at about 7 and went to eat at Casa... YUMMMM... after that we walked around UNA for a while and now we're fixin to go rent a movie. We're going to stay here tonight and go to Huntsville tomorrow so see Kristi and shop. After that me and Reid are going to hang out... YAY... He's leaving on Tuesday night, Im sad. Anyways, gotta go...  ... oh, and I miss everyone....
1	I had sent mail to my boss who from next month and wrote about my feeling stuff. I am so happy to work and live in Boston and so on...  After that, he sent back me  a mail and told me about what I had better read and learn business manner. In his  mail, he told me his cell number. I was so surprised at that he told me his cell number.  But I might be get along with him as boss and junior partner.  I go to MMC tomorrow and see a lot of professors and to do a lot of things. Because I move to Boston from next month, so it is hard to go down to NY and  do.  I go to MMC around 11. Some of MMC students, I am looking forward to seeing you tomorrow!
1	Oh yeah, by the way, I'm getting married.  Thought I'd let everyone know.  (Hence the modd swings, LoL, twas an action-packed day)
1	Happy Birthday Birthdya Birthdaydyaydyaydydaydya!!!!!!!! TO       blakdar   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY PEEB BEAR VIKING!      Happy Birthday with an awesome Birthday message           
1	It's funny how I don't feel as inspired to write what I experience anymore.  I sit and wonder why, what has changed, why I didn't write about the saxophone player at Bay and Bloor and the dancing baby that completed his scene.  And I think a huge part of it has to do with the fact that I'm sharing the experience with someone as it happens.  I'm no longer compelled to record it because it's no longer a part of only my reality.  I no longer have the need to share it with someone who I wished was there.    Mike saw the baby being bounced by his mother in time with the saxophone player's upbeat music, and it brought a smile to his face.    I love being able to share so much of life with someone.
1	i havent updated in a while but the past few days have been sweet!!! thusday was awsome cus me and bryan went to the stoney creek game and hung out with some of his old friends and they were REALLY cool.  friday was pretty cool cus it was the homecoming game and BHS won 27-0 yesterday was cool too cus it was the dance. some parts of that were awsome lol. then after the dance a bunch of ppl went to danahers and we hung out  bryan u and me gotta hang out with the girls from stoney soon!!!!!!!
1	The sun is shining and today we get to show my dad and stepmom the city we've been living in the past year.  And we sign our new lease.  And get taken out for yummy foods.  Today will be very good!  PS: Hello tax refund!
1	Like my new back-ground? I LOVE it, it reminds me of summer SO much!  Today I didnt end up going to dance because my mom needed me to take care of the kids. Then she came home with a new fish tank and I have been working on that.  And gusse who got ALL A's on her progress report! Yeah I think that was me!
0	 Pope John Paul II 1920-2005   I may not have agreed with everything he stood for, but he did do a lot of good in this world, and was a major player in the quest to heal religious schisms. I know he's in a better place now. :(
0	This was on the news:   http://www.savetoby.com/   This guy has already raised $20,000. This is sad, and yet I'm laughing.
1	Tonight I'm leaving on another adventure.  I have my med kit packed and ready to go, my bus ticket, portable toothbrushes, but not nearly as many  gushers  as I started with when I started packing them last night, those little fuckers are addicitve.  If all goes well, I will be back on Friday with pictures and the knowledge that if my grandkids read about this in their history books, I can say that I was there.  On a completely unrelated note, this is what I got when I did a gis for "gushers":    Wish me luck.
1	What a week. Monday i took a scantron test with the wrong hand. Tuesday i climbed around in the grid and prolly got dust in my wound. Then i stayed up til 2 doing makeup homework. i found out that jeremy garrett can't go to the choir banquet, so i had to get michelle as a replacement (not that i'm complaining, we will have more to say to each other). I went over to erastos's for hamburgers as well. i had 3...i don't desire ground beef again for a long time. Today i nearly killed myself trying to set up a 20 foot flat. Morgan and Ben bought me some irises!!!! Much happiness!  Still not caught up on vocal p homework. *much irritation*  Congrats to SR people! I heard the opening night went without any tragic death of cast or crew. What more could you ask for, really?  5-4-3-2-1-SLEEP!
1	Tonight was awesome... Missy and I went over to Cody's house...we had dinner w/ them and his mom made some steak and potatoes...and then we went for late night 4 wheeler rides...so much fun.  Love: The smell of boy that stays in your clothes Hate: Drama...and fighting w/ friends ( ;) )  Tomorrow is pink pony wednesday!!! i'm so excited...this is gonna be awesome, especially since i've built it up so much...ahh!!!  and remember j...be happy :)   Erin is in Cancun...i'm soooo jealous.   Love: That i have unlimited access to her closet Hate: That she's gonna come home, read this, and then kick my ass  p.s. the new wal-mart is algonquin creeps me out...or their employees do at least...
1	yay, it works!!! i now have my very own journal!!! just wanted to publicly say thank you to my amazing boyfriend brian cassidy for setting this all up for me, other than what i figured out on my own last night. thanks babe. oh and my friends page looks great. (yay for pink) LOVE YOU BUNCHES!!!!!!!!
1	yes everyone beulha is a distant memory but now i have a 05 brand new toyota corolla. it is blue and im super excited. the payment made me cry but everything else was great. i been driving it like all night since i got it. i know its not red but blueis just fine. this car is beatiful. well since that is said and im super happy for my new car. not much is going on i been working past few days as well as tomorow. i somehow hurt my leg yesterday and it hurts when i put pressure on it. well im goin put some ice on it and hope it goes away soon cause i cant miss any work for this stupid little pain. ok i just wanted everyone to know bout my car. ill talk to you all later. goodnight and if im not on cause as it looks im goin have an aamzing weekend happy easter all and jews ill be free on sunday. later all
1	     I am a hybrid of:   Girl Next Door   Progressive Girl   Click on the pictures below to read more:                 Take the 'What Kind of Girl Are You?' quiz at CookingToHookup.com      
1	Just back from the Cowboy Mouth concert.  It was freaking sweet.  One of the best performances I've ever seen.  The opening band, Shooter Jennings, was a pleasant surprise.  Very good southern rock sounding group.  Great guitar solos by both bands and all around fun.  Definitely a good weekend.  Now some sleep and off to the parent's house for Easter.
1	I have a new name!!!!! ::is excited::       aquatical   !!!!! I looooove it so much!!!! I was getting so tired of my old username, _telcontar_, I just really didn't like it anymore. Anyway everyone should still be friended and all links to this journal should still work (ahh the magic that is the rename token) so.... ::shrugs:: Just a different name....and hopefully a different layout very soon 'cause I'm getting bored with this one.
1	 Josh broke his comp and lost all our San Francisco pics :o/ With the sea lions and everything :s So that reminded me that I should save the pics I have on my laptop to a cd. I found some nice pics of me and Josh from Los Angeles in process :D I didn't put them on lj before, and I like these 2, so there :p     It's big, coz our pretty faces are so small :p        I found it!!!!!! :D :D        
1	Good News: So, I'm tired. BUT IGETFREEINTERNETATHOME!!!! Ya, so i got a new labtop and i'm sitting their at school and some one tells me to see if i get free internet. And wow, I get free wireless internet.  So i spent the next three days at school downlodading music.  But today, after downloading aim at laura's request, I was sitting here with my computer in my little garage apartment room thing and the computer starts making noises, like its signing on to aim.  So, I look and it sure as hell is! Therefore, internet, but with a very week signal. Hmm?  So, I walk around with the computer to see if the signal gets better. It does, in the bathroom/kitchen area next to the window which is directly behind cafe artist(e) (is there an e at the end?) Anyway, thank you cafe artiste, I like you even more now.  Anyway, my aim name is smattress777. Feel free to leave yours with me or i.m. at any time. Yep, thats about it.   Bad News: My back hurts
1	I just got the owl. I'm now officially an Auror.  I think this calls for a McKinnon family celebratory supper.
1	Folks, this is a monumentous day. Please, please never forget it. Today, I completed my an AP Physics problem all by myself, no leeching and no asking anyone at all for help... and who kows, I may even get it right! If that happens... well o man... that would be godly....
0	Ever feel like a friend you really cared about is just drifting further and further from you and no matter how hard you try to bring them back they just reassure you that you're as close as ever then continue to drift away... Well I'm feeling that, I finally start to get closer to him and now it seems that everytime I talk to him his interest is somewhere else with someone else... it's very upsetting... yeah I'm probley just whining out my paranoid delusions like I often do but man this is just really upsetting me... I'm trying so hard to keep my self as a close friend cause I dont just want to be thought of as a certain thing to someone.. I want to be more I want them to like me so much that they think about me more than just when I'm chatting with them... I'm pretty darn certain that everyone has delt with this atleast once, so you all should understand that this feeling really hurts... I dont want to lose my friends... ;_;  ~Wolve
0	Dear Kri,  I  want  need to call you soon. It has been too long.  Luv, Cerise.
1	I'm sitting in the library and Dusty's in here too.
1	I MIGHT GET A JOB AT THE LIBRARY. LIBRARY JOBS ARE BEST.    BEST. 
1	A $50 gift certificate to Reader's Oasis was messily devoured this afternoon. Today's acquisitions were the workbook for  Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain , which has some cool exercises to practice drawing; and this completely excellent book called  Grimm's Grimmest  -- a collection of the darkest, least-suitable-for-children parts of the original Grimm's fairy tales -- a lovely hardcover book with full-page illustrations!  Also got a birthday present for someone who reads this journal. Hmmm...
0	You are ALL talking about  Lost  as if we all knew what it is. Rude. Very rude!         gia6seconds   ,       eleniangel   ,       stars91    and       regala_electra   , I got your cards today. YAY!   Got a gigantic headache. Am tired. Hubby will come late; very late. Am alone. :-(
0	i'm on my way over to the apartment for the   ...........last time .   ever.   After tomorrow, they are knocking it down.  let's hope I don't cry.
1	A girl died in 1933 by a homicide murderer. He buried her in the ground when she was still alive. The murdered chanted, "Toma sota balcu" as he buried her. Now that you have read the chant, you will meet this little girl. In the middle of the night she will be on your ceiling. She will suffocate you like she was suffocated. If you post this, she will not bother you. Your kindness will be rewarded.     OH MY GOD IT'S AMY IN THE ATTIC.   Now that that's over with, tonight was a blast. William is my favorite, I must say. And his jokes are getting better. Tomorrow I'm leaving after 3rd period, so I should probably do my english homework. Good times should be coming up soon. I hope tomorrow night is  really  going to be alcohol-free. And I'm going to buy Page and Lisha their gifts tomorrow. And some gas. For me.    "Is he just a liar with nothing to lie about?"
1	       You scored as  The Notebook . You have strong, passionate love like the notebook!       The Notebook             92%       Legally Blonde             58%       Mean Girls             50%       Charlies Angels             33%       A Cinderella Story             25%        What Chick Flick is just like Your Life?   created with  QuizFarm.com     Hey yall yup im home from nebraska and i had to go to the doctors this morning! ahh yea i had soo much fun in Omaha i did everyhting but i guess i will write that all to you later gaters~ Luv ya lil Rachael 744-0325 call me!
0	RIP jesse schuchman  you were a crazy kid but a good one and i didnt get to know you until last summer be at peace.   the list of people is getting too long
1	Well looks like my social life may be even more gone soon.  I'm DLing the beta for matrix online and probably help in the final beta test before release.  Hmm the game takes up a big chunk of space too.  I'm working on my photoshop stuff, having to make new brushes since I can't seem to use the old one I made for this pic too.  So if you don't see or hear from me for awhile, i'm either at A. work B. doing random arty stuff or C. in the matrix.....which oddly enough has AIM so you can chat with buds in bullet time haha.  ok off to cook seafood YUM!
0	Shitty day. Shitty mood. Fucking hate this month.. Yesterday sucked even worse. If you can believe that.  Rambo.. heh.. tried to distract me. Put one of those.. the fuck are they called.. Santa hats.. on my head and.. pranced around singing fucking Christmas songs like some fruity mad man.. Didn't exactly work. Kinda.. made it worse, actually but hey. The man tried. S'cool..  Nothing else to say.. Nobody's around.. Busy people.. with shit to do.. So I'm gonna go.. stop bitching and read.. but hey. For everyone else who loves this time of year. Happy Fucking Holidays.
1	Start back with classes tomorrow, lab time too.  But also have my first hike in over a year planned for some waterfalls South of Louisville!  Life is very good.  I think this song pretty much sums up how I feel.      I was blue, just as blue as I could be Ev’ry day was a cloudy day for me Then good luck came a-knocking at my door Skies were gray but they’re not gray anymore  Blue skies Smiling at me Nothing but blue skies Do I see  Bluebirds Singing a song Nothing but bluebirds All day long  Never saw the sun shining so bright Never saw things going so right Noticing the days hurrying by When you’re in love, my how they fly  Blue days All of them gone Nothing but blue skies From now on  And now back your regularly scheduled program :-)  Party on!
0	something learned awhile back...... nobody is  ever  there when you need them. 
0	well...it's pretty much the end of the line for lady, those of you who know her know she's a very sweet dog. there's one last treatment she can get and if that doesn't work on her legs we'll have to put her down...
1	SO i am still at barbara's and i am leaving tomorrow at 11:30 a.m.    Cant wait till chris gets home. i miss him so much. he got me somethin from there adn i hope its nice. lol. but yea i went swimming todai and it was kinda scary cuz the pool lite didnt work and all we had was a flash lite!! SPOOKY!! We also had some 'za.(pizza) and i was yummy. but yea im goin to go.
0	Yeah, I know it is all over the blogoverse.  Deal.  Damn, Mitch.  Damn.  Rest in peace, man.  Find a better place.
0	"Do What Thou Wilt Shall be the whole of the Law"  It just dawned on me, i'm all alone.  "Love is the law, Love Under Will"
1	Just a quick plug: I've just started an LJ community for fans of Luka Bloom. If you're interesed in joining you'd be most welcome. Come over and  have a look . Cheers!
1	      joolzie   : But it appears that Patty used to demand the bed by the window, and was the king of the remote!       joolzie   : Also, Petr is also nicknamed Sej(ch)ek, and I have no idea what that's supposed to mean.  I'm so happy they're going to be reunited!!! *squeaks*
0	i'm very sad today. my friend pero (a.k.a. zono - the name he uses when he dresses like a girl for performances) moved to tokyo for his job.
1	I have a cool book on Heian Japan! I have an even cooler book that shows you all sorts of ways to build, design, and use shoji screens! AND I HAVE BLEACH MANGA!  THANK YOU       itlandm   !
1	    How to make a shuey47         Ingredients:   3 parts pride  3 parts silliness  5 parts empathy         Method:  Combine in a tall glass half filled with crushed ice. Add lovability to taste! Do not overindulge!        Username:       Personality cocktail  From  Go-Quiz.com   Yup! Definitely me! =P 
0	I feel like a moron - my application for an Elfwood membership was rejected, and so I need to go through the whole process again :( So I've been all over the rules, tried to memorize every little detail I've come across, in order to avoid banging my head hard against a concrete wall should I be rejected a second time. But there is one little detail I cannot find any info on, and that's the number of pictures allowed in a gallery. I guess this means that there is no upper limit to this, but need to be absolutely sure before I give it another try. So please, could someone be so kind as to give me either the answer to this, or at least point to the place were this is stated? I really don't want to become more brain-damaged from headbanging than I obviously already am.  George
1	My new computer is on a FedEx truck somewhere in town! Happy dance!  FedEx tracking says that the expected delivery time is 7:00PM.  Does anyone here have enough experience with FedEx to know if that's really when it will be delivered, or whether that's a "sometime today" estimate? I'm supposed to go somewhere today for an hour or two, will be back way before seven, but I don't want to miss having it delivered today.
1	 This week, I bought the best CD ever recorded off someone in England for GBP3.49.  Amazing.  This CD has been one of the number one discs to add to my collection.  Extremely hard to find, but ridiculous good, I really dig it.   I have also come to think there may be a really brilliant model of the real numbers hidden between the lines of David Lewis's book  Parts of Classes  when you mix it with Aristotle's  Prior  and  Posterior Analytics .  The idea isn't in a state that totally effable yet, but wheels are churning.   I have an ethical dilemma about a gift from work.  A $20 Amazon.com gift certificate.  After they patented saving information, I swore never to patronize them.  I'm wondering if it might be ok, since the damage has already been done.   It makes my blood boil that this is so concrete. 
1	So thing are finally looking up for me :P -Moved in to my new place last week-end. Less rent to pay! -Go a new position at work. I am now a compliance analyst instead of a frigging bill collector. In case you don't know what that is. I'm the guy lisening to them talk to whoever, making sure they don't say anything they shouldn't. But for the last one? I don't know....since good things come in 3 right?
1	         You Will Have Sex With 0 People!  Ah, things aren't looking that good for you  It seems like you haven't had sex yet  Maybe you're still young - but maybe you're sexphobic.  If you don't want to die a virgin, you've got to act soon!       How Many People Will You Have Sex With?       More Great Quizzes from Quiz Diva     i rule all that is un-sexual! amazing! --Fey
0	In this day and age accidents aren't supposed to happen, but they do and the consequences are so very painful. We lost one of the Kittens, little Xam, over the weekend and it feels as though my heart has been broken.  Nothing could have been done to prevent the accident, it was one of those freak occurrences that just happen, but it seems so very, very unfair.  Smoking Boot was fantastically strong and practical, and within 24 hours we had got a new little friend for the surviving kitten Ralik. Now we wait with a little fear to see if she will get on with Ralik, every little hiss and suspicion between them is a reminder of what we have lost.  Saviour those that you love, you never know when they might be taken from you.
0	FYI: limo would be upwards of $500 for prom and mom said she was not going to book it b/c people can't make up their minds as to whether they're going or not and she doesn't want to be stuck with the bill. y'all can still come over pre- and post-prom but we're gonna have to drive ourselves. although now that it doesn't look like we're getting a limo it doesn't make much sense to meet over at my house. but if y'all still wanna have a party afterwards (like y'all did last year) then ya can still come.
1	  You're Tare Panda on the internet!      Which Tare Panda are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Current Music: If you can't see my current music, your cmoputer cannot read japanese characters. So it's Fur Elise, but it's something else in Japanese...
0	one down and one more to go. unfortunately this last test of the day counts for 1/3 of my total grade. damn i wish i had more time to study cuz even tho i studied for probably 15 hours total for this exam since wednesday and i still feel as tho i know nothing that will be on the final. grrrrrr
1	That MIDI jack works a treat! Its way fun to use. I had some problems installing it though, because theres about 10 different variations of the driver for it, as well as a lot of different software on the cd, which explains why it was so expensive. I'll get to sort through it all later.
1	Taken at the Singapore Zoo, this is the first day of the trip, with Matt visiting some of his new friends!   
1	Yesterday was fairly uneventful...until the evening! :D  And old friend of mine, Chris, stopped by. I made rice, and we had some pickled vegetables, pickled garlic, and curry with it. (hohoho for instant curry!)  After dinner we sat around watching TV for a while, just chillin.  Loads of fun, simple stuff like this!  It's always fun connecting with old friends (the ones you want to connect with at least!)  I think today will be a great day, too!
1	Через час манчестерское дерби: МЮ - МС. Они у нас на Трафорде 30 лет выиграть не могут, но нам нужна только победа. Арсенал вчера ничью раскотал. Малой получил КМС. Вечером, когда вернеться с Чернигова буду общаться))) Я иду, впервые за 3 месяца играть в футбол. За МЮ буду следить через ВАП. 2      phantom_ua   : мы тебя ждем, место встречи изменить нельзя)))
1	  Aren't relaxing, uneventful, yet fun days lovely?  
1	So Lexi and I went to the mall yesterday and picked up this nice lil piece for an awesome price &lt;3&lt;3 Name suggestions would be appreciated!             The first smoke will be documented shortly...stayed tuned! lol
0	well..i am feeling a bit depressed..you see i have posted a fic in all my communities here in lj..and guess what..no one comments about it..maybe i am just expecting much about me,ne?  i know that fic is just garbage and i really sucks when it comes to writing..maybe i'll just quit being a writer..  i mean..maybe i should not post my fic anymore..damn..my keyboard is wet..this is BRAND NEW!..
1	So, I decided to just make a gallery of a few of my pictures from the incubus concert.       Click here for Incubus pictures and a picture of me and Gary!       I had a super fun time at the concert and so did gary.&nbsp; I'm so glad he enjoyed it.&nbsp; *sigh*&nbsp; what a fabulous boy. 
0	such saddness...one of my "favorites" at work has taken her own life.  It is so heart-breaking to think of the hopelessness and desperation she must have been/was feeling.  How alone.  How tragic.  What a loss.  Karen, you are and will be missed.  I am so sorry that you felt no other way to call out.  sorry.  so sorry.
0	The entirety of watching tonight's game was like knowing you were about to be dumped and just waiting for the heartless bitch to pull the trigger.  Good bye Red Wings.
0	Can't get my love together, no matter how I try Can't get my love together, don't know the reason why Can't get my love together, can't make the pieces fit Can't get my love together, can't make sense of it  Why do I keep going in two directions at once?  Seems like I keep fighting a war on two different fronts   Can't get my love together, how I wish I could Can't get my love together, but once my love's together I know we'll be together for good
1	Adam's been staying here for a week.  Justin is in town for his sister's confirmation although I haven't seen him.   YURY'S here!!    (Billy drove to NYC and picked him up and brought him back for the day.  I'm a happy Greykell!!)  Hugs and Howls, Werewulf/Mom
1	Hello everyone! everything is good here in sunny Canada. school is soo time consuming. hockey is good. i'm scoring more goals now because i'm playing forward more instead of defense. and i get to go to China!! yay! for a field school...so it'll be school...but in CHINA! crazy eh. we'll be doing habitat and water studies around the three gorges dam down and up stream i think. the biggest dam in the world.   soon it'll be warmer here than there! hehehehehe.   Karen
0	     I MISS  MY  GIRLS KANNAH & HERRY!!! *sigh* *weep*      
1	Yay!  I am really and truly going to maschinenfest now, as I just purchased my flight.          masterhadjic   , you were so right about prices dropping as we get closer to Sept 11th.  How very silly.  But 440 bucks for a direct flight to schiphol is fine by me, whatever the reason.  I am going to be arriving on the 2nd of October, partying down in utrecht for a night, then catching a train to übach.  After that it's off to the castle for what I hope will be a frolicksome weekend.    I will be wandering the EU until the 20th, which turned out to be a cool date to leave, a good friend in Utrecht is having a birthday on the 19th and I will get to add to the madness.  *Senses she will be special on the flight home*  Otherwise, I haven't figured out what I am doing exactly yet, so if anyone knows of proper gunk going on, or would like to meet up somewhere, let me know.  Copenhagen, perhaps?
1	DVDs arrived today... sometimes I could absolutely make out with my mail woman...
0	i dont want to even get into it.a.its not even fair.d.im dancing one fucking dance at lincoln center when ive danced for like 9 years.a.what the fuck.m.i hate people and things are so not fair...like why invite friends anymore or even show up...its one fucking dance...three minutes at most...its like weeks of preperation..hours of makeup and intricate costumes for three fucking minutes...  i cant write anymore cause i have to study a shit load of bio 2 body parts...loves to some people
1	This year's haul seems to be one of the best ever... maybe a recovering economy CAN still benefit people who do not draw a salary...   -=-=-  Who wants to play mahjong? I'm on a roll~~~ :D   -=-=-  Desktop still down, and I still have labs to churn out. A dead printer isn't helping things... Not to mention 8.5 dvds to watch...
0	Answer no to these questions Let her go, learn a lesson It's not me, you're not listening now Can't you see something's missing? You forget where the heart is  Take you away from that empty apartment You stay and forget where the heart is Someday if ever you love me you'd say it's okay  Waking up from this nightmare How's your life, what's it like there? Is it all what you want it to be? Does it hurt when you think about me? And how broken my heart is   i really need to stop thinking of the past...
1	 guess whose birthday it is today!! :) this suicidal genius created the following masterpieces:    &nbsp;          Starry Night     &nbsp;          Cafe Terrace, Arles at Night     &nbsp;          Wheatfield with Crows     &nbsp;    If you still don't know who this artist is, i will personally kill you.    Happy birthday!! =D 
1	Woo-hooooo!!!  I finally managed to make my ID icon bigger. (Does happy dance around the office.)  Now, I can do the work they pay me for.
1	omg, i'm so excited and happy and ashamed all at once. i gave in and bought a corset belt from meddevi.com (i'm supposed to be letting my bank account recover, not damaging it further). it's  this one . of course, it's not done yet, she's going to attach the matching tassels to it. it's going to be so pretty! i almost bought the wrong one this morning... good thing it was already spoken for cause i think this one is so much more me. it'll match my hair and the colors i choose to wear half the time. she said she's going to put black/blonde/auburn tassels with brown/olive/gold yarn accents.... yum!
1	 My #1 result for the SelectSmart.com selector,   Pirates of the Caribbean: Curse of the Black Pearl quiz  , is  Elizabeth Swann-You're kind and virtuous, and are quite the romantic. Everything turns up roses for you!   
1	BNL updates:  1 - from www.bnlmusic.com    Barenaked Ladies take on NBC's The Apprentice!  Check out BNL as they appear on The Apprentice on Thursday March 10 (check local listings for show time)   2- On the way home from lunch with Dave 106.3 played 3 songs from Rock Spectacle!! Not only do you never get to hear a BNL "rock block" but if you do its always Million Dollars, One Week and either It's all Been Done or Pinch Me. But today was quite a pleasant surprise: Brian Wilson, The Old Apartment and the never heard  before on radio Life, In a Nutshell. And they were all live...WWWWEEEEEEEE!!
1	I'm so excited; Lucky managed to get someone to cover his shift on Saturday, so for his birthday, we're going to spend a day at Kings Island!  We visited a couple of years ago, and have been wanting to go back ever since.  We're going to drive over on Saturday morning, spend Saturday there, and then spend the night at a motel in Cincinnati before returning home on Sunday.  We're thinking about getting some letterboxes from the Hueston Woods state park near Oxford while we're in the area.  We used to go there frequently when we were first together and I was going to school at Miami U., so it's kind of a sentimental place for us.   When I was a kid, I used to wonder why it was called "Kings Island" when it's not on an island.  Now that I'm grown up and an amusement park buff, I can tell you that it's because it was created as a successor to Cincinnati's Coney Island amusement park.  The "Kings" comes from Kings Mills, the name of the nearby small town.
1	I got paid, bitches!   More on that tommorow, I hope.
1	   Name: Andreaa Age: 13  Reason why you like Ashlee?: She Just Is Awesome and Rocks! SOrry I dont really know why I like her.? Ashlee Simpson favourite song(s)?: Shadow and Love Me For Me Comments?: Awesome Sitee!!          &nbsp;      Loves:&lt;33Andrea        
1	What to do tonight?      Oh ya,    I'm going to see mc chris, mutha fuckas!!!!
1	Not a bad holiday all round. :) Spent time with a lotta folks I care about, both in person, online and on the phone (particularly   the lady cat, of course,  and, very briefly,  the marvelous  Melskunkie!  Though I missed getting to say Hi to   Erica,  bummer. Though I rarely ever touch any video game that has no rotating strings of square blocks in it, I have to admit I'm impressed by the amount of 3D image generating power that these latest video games pack into themselves. For someone who remembers Pong it's quite a perspective jump. Didn't get anything I  really  didn't want, and seemed to have been sucessful in making happy those to whom I gave stuff. Pretty nice.  Hope everyone else had as good or better a holiday! :)
1	  The Sun      What Major Arcana Tarot Card are you? (with anime pics)     brought to you by  Quizilla    Except for the physical activity bit, I think it's OK. :)  (And I'm using Kero because of the Sun, not because I'm being mean or anything *glares at Author because she talks way too much*)
1	Well it took my drivers traing exam to day and well.  I didn't do so good.     I did great 97/100 i past with flying colors so now i hve my leve 1 licens its awsome.  So i can drive now.  for any of u if you are wondering i am not going to snowball yes it is on my birthday but i would rather be at home with my family than dancing horrible/getting dressed up yes it would be a great expeares but fam comes first to me.  ANother thing i am not having a get together or party  you are welcomet o stop by but dont expect for me to have lots of ppl over.  Just a normal day for me and out to din wit the fam and close friends.
1	I am updating my journal because thats what everyone else seems to be doing and because i haven't done this in a while.   I am sat on Anthony at the moment and Kt is here but she just ran away so I think she's gone to the toilet.  Anthony is really really amazing, which is annoying because Graeme is my little baby and I can't leave him, but he's dead slow in comparison. I have to be on Anthony at the moment because although Graemes OS is XP, all his programs are 2000 and Anthonys are XP, so i'm designing the website on FrontPageXP, which is horrid but not super horrid since I get to use Anthony.  Oh and wow my dad got some super super yay computer chairs last weeks which are really nice and comfy, especially compared to the stools before.  My mum just came in and gave me and Kt biscuits :)  I think I need some more tea, I wonder if Kt will go and make me some :)   This is the first time EVER I have had 'happy' as my mood on l/d journal. So ner ner. .
1	first track meet moday at the armory in the city^^quote from track director guy  2nd meet tomorrow at ccbc i have to run 300m dash (just in a straight line) and im gonna suck but oh well  tonight im going to the b-more blast game with coll im so excited  hahaa today ali andrea and me were walking up the stairs to the trakc coachs room, and this kid bursts out from the 1st floor door carrying all this food. he races by us and then we hear him trip on the steps. then we hear him going going up the stairs really fast again then we hear him trip again. then, when we got to the 2nd floor his shoe was just like sitting there.  i need a job. and i want a cell phone.  15 days
1	Well, nothing much new to report.  Went to the Bar Association lecture last night.  Columbia's president spoke about academic freedom.  It was mostly platitudes and he didn't get into specifics, so yeah, it was a waste of time.  Then home, and for a change, I fell asleep early.  Tonight is the Megillah Gorilla and no work tomorrow.  Instead, I will get exceedingly drunk.
1	I was back at my parents house all weekend helping get the pool open and ready for the season.  We decided to replace the fence this year.  Saturday I removed the old fencing leaving the posts.  Sunday we went to Home Depot in Frederick and picked up a brand new vinyl fence.  The post are 4x4 and hollow so we sistered the existing fence posts with a second 2x4 and slipped the new post over them, securing them with two screws on the outside of the fence.  Thats as far as we got this weekend so next weekend we will hopefully finish up by attaching the fence to the posts.  Out walk way to the pool area is wider than the gates so we will try to make a gate from some spare fencing.
0	Fried shrimp,sweet&sour chicken,lo mein,and won tons make MILO a happy boy!!!
0	What is going on right now? Hope it's not an epidemic.           RIP Jack L Chalker 
1	OK, so I've had a really good start to my Christmas break.  I had a great time doing various stuff.  I had some of the greatest times ever too.  The Aviator is a good movie.  UVA now officially sucks at sports.  Well, fine, they don't suck, but I've been very disappointed this break, but whatever, because I've had better things to do.  We sure have had nice weather, which has allowed for some golf.  I went to that luncheon thing at NA which was pretty cool today.  Um, right.  I've been almost dead on accurate predicting football games this week.  Too bad I'm not a big gambler.  Life is awesome, especially this first half of break before some colleges went back.  It's a great day to be alive, and if you want to know anything else, just ask, but nobody ever takes me up on this offer.
1	Goin' to see moe. and Umphrey's McGee in Lincoln tonight... don't have class 'til 4:00 tomorrow. Sounds like somebody is going to be flirting with disaster :o)  - PMC excito
1	Must see, vid clip!!!   http://www.foxhome.com/angel/season5/in dex.html 
0	It's snowing.  AGAIN.  Lots of snow.  I'm SICK OF THIS!!!!  I want Spring, and I want it now.  Oh, and St. Patrick's Day?  Is strictly for amateurs.  I'll have none of it, thankyouverymuch.
0	Wow.&nbsp; Today I am sucking.&nbsp; I had a bit of energy to try to go and do stuff that would make me feel productive and endorphined, but then it just fizzled.&nbsp; Could blame it on the rain.  Will go watch BBC and feel pathetic now.
0	Q: how come you never update your live journal? A: I have no friends.  Q: I see you online all the time how come you never talk to me? A: how come you never talk to me?  Q: you used to come over sometimes... but not anymore... why? A: cause you never invite me anymore  Q: I heard you started smoking cigarettes... are you a dumbass or something? A: why extend an other wise long and pointless life?  Q: wow Micah you really became an asshole huh? A: yep. thanks for the help in that.  -Micah
1	I've complained about it enough - and finally - I'm gone!   Starting March 15th after spring break, I'm going to consult to a different department in the same company.  Much nicer people, and seems to be a much better working environment!  The consulting gig is for 6 months around 2/3 time (which is what I work now) and if things go well at the end of 6 months they "will strongly consider making you permenant."  Yay!
1	Well this is it, twelve hours from now I'll be on a plane flying out to Denver.     A few last things that need to be said before I go and this journal lies dormant (for the most part) till may. First of all,  thanks to all of you for being my friend. Friends are a goodness. All of you are a goodness. Secondly, you'll be hearing from me, and I hope to be hearing from you(I love letters *nudge nudge*). If you need my email address, just check my user info page. Thirdly, if it is at all in my power, I will send each and every one of you a true blue Colorado snowball, complete with a hand to throw it at you. Lastly, my love to all of you and have a brilliant Spring.    Peace out bitches.  
1	 http://clpp.hampshire.edu/projects/a rrc/schedule.php 
1	I'm in Florida right now!! Today I went to the beach and played tennis. Tomorrow we leave for Orlando. Yay for Discovery Cove! It's so nice here, I don't ever want to go back to Michigan.
1	Can't believe it's been a month! Opps, well the only person that's said anything has been Laura, so no real worries! Comedy things in the past month... * Laura and I deciding that we are actually having a quarter life crisis! * An old lady almost running me down at the widcombe traffic lights (she was going through a red light and I was already half way across the road). Other things include... * Me going for two weeks (and counting) with no-one noticing that I have new glasses. * Generally doing Maths and not really seeing anyone, because when I invite them out the "right" people aren't there. * Bufs rubbish Perhaps this is why I don't write anymore, it's just not interesting.     
0	can this night get any worse?  i have so much hate and anger in me right now that it is making me sick. my night was so predictable and it is pissing me off. i could just feel the negativity surrounding me like swarming nats. i need a punching bag or a cigarette or a miller light or something. no make that a mudslide.
1	I got reviewed today by       ljreview   .  click here to read it . I was surprised at the score I got; I thought the fact that I've been posting sporadically would drastically lower it.  Marc has been calling me and asking if I want to go to the beach, if I want to see a movie, if I want to go to Seattle....we talked for hours on the phone last night and when I asked why he wanted to spend so much time with me, he answered, "Because you're the sweetest girl and I don't think I should let you get away." He couldn't see me, but I was smiling like an idiot. Could there be something between us? I think I'm ready to open up to a relationship again. We're going out tonight....wish me luck! :-)  ~KT
1	Just bought my ticket for Nine Inch Nails' concert in june :o)
1	 So, 84:00 hours in, i have Yuna at level 88, and all of the Dresspheres. That's right; i just got the Mascot Dressphere. I've been working on that for days. I was afraid i wouldn't have much to do afterwards so i would be using it mostly in a new game plus. But the game pretty much gives you free reign once you get Mission Complete in all of the levels, so i'm going to try to conquer the secret dungeon in Bevelle, get the Chocobo Dungeon, and level up and complete a bunch of Dresspheres (especially Mascot), and do some other odds and ends. (I only need two more Al Bhed Primers. I want to get them.)   I'm happy. :)  Taking a break for a bit to do a couple of things around the house, get some sandwiches and carrots and soda, and then i'm going to get back to the game and screw around in it, and hopefully get to bed much earlier than i have been lately. :)  
1	I know that some of you are good at making these moving icons with ImageReady - I tried that too, but I have a problem: I finish the animation, save it as a .gif file and when I open it with firefox, it shows the animation. That's all nice and pretty, but the animation only plays once and then stops. See the icon I'm using as a standard right at the moment? This should be a moving one. It just only moves one time and then stops at the last pictures. Can anyone help?   Now  I'm off to bed.
1	  H  a  p  p  y     B  i  r  t  h  d  a  y  ,        couchinthesun    !    Nope, it doesn't make me feel at  all  old that I remember you coming home from the hospital as a newborn, and now you're 21.  Not at all!  *hobbles away on her walker to fetch her newly-legal cousin a beer*
1	Hi, i haven't updated in quite a while.  casey came thursday, it was amazing =) i had such a great time, even though i was super late getting home.  i was so excited about seeing him that i freaking left my keys in the car and left it running!!!! i couldn't believe it either, so yeah...i am dumb =( but it was still the best day ever =) tomorrow i am going to play mini golf with karen, jessica, and corey. it should be super fun =D.  then sunday casey is coming again, i can't wait =D so great.
1	Charlie and the Chocolate factory   http://www.dtheatre.com/read.php?sid=28 74        Corpse Bride   http://www.apple.com/trailers/wb/corpse _bride/medium.html 
1	currently masakit pa ang katawan ko ... ewan ko ba ... ayaw ko talaga ng beer .. --;; aside dahil sa nakakataba sya ... ang lakas pa ng tama ... red horse ba naman eh ... xD pero nag enjoy naman kami ni bhie.  mental note: wag sasakay ng taxi na inde sealed ang meter ... chances are ... natap ung meter ... kaya ang bilis ng patak nya ... &gt;.&lt;  ayun ... hayyy 4 days to go at bday ng ng anak ko... syempre excited ako kasi debut nya... 5 days na lang bday ko --;; yeah .. haven't really decided on what to do on that day... except ... to be with bhie .. that's all xD  i love you bhie .. maski inaaway mo ako palagi
1	My sister had her baby yesterday, almost a month before her due date. Mommy and bebe boy are dong fine, and he's quite big for being born so early. The birth went very quickly and they didn't have time to give her anesthetics, so it was a painful experience. I haven't been to the hospital to visit them yet, going later today and really looking forward to it :D He's a very noisy baby, I spoke to my sister on the phone several times yesterday and all I could hear was him making cute bebe noises in the background ;D
1	mmm.  I spoke to my crush for the first time today.  She's got a nice voice :)  Evidentally I was not what she was expecting on the phone and she was disappointed but appearantly not TOO disappointed b/c she sent me a (f) over IM afterwards.  If I'm not mistaken thats a flower :)  her birthday is just 2 days away now so I need to polish up my plan for sending her the birthday msg.  I think I'm going to send it from: "Happy Birthday" &lt;h@ppybirth.day&gt;  Still thinking about the subject...  probably something cheesy like....  "You're 22 now :)"  Eeek.  I'm very excited.  She's lying to her exbf/housemate about me.  She asid that I was one of her friends from MN.  That bothers me a little b/c it reminds me of Jenna hiding Chad and I from each other.  Oh well.  For now I'm happy to bask in my semi-ignorant blissfulness :)  ok, enough ramblings for now.  mmmmmmm
0	Never mind. It was a brush off for the writer position, but a brush-off with the caveat that they liked my attitude and wanted me to consider applying for a job in customer relations, or something like that. I think it translates to sales. No, thanks. I'm off to go stick my head in a bucket of water. Then take a nap. Then get back on the horse that threw me and start looking for other jobs. Will probably vent more later.
1	yea so i was probly bein way 2 over dramatic the otha day but i was just pissed i talked ta jill and she said she is sorry but she just wasnt thinkin er sumthin i was just really bored and not in a good mood cuz my mom was bein pissy an of my frd i hadnt seen n*e 1 in like 3 er4 dayz and i dunno i guess thats not a very good reason but o well. yea jill cam ova yesterday and we talked and stuff and im good now but bored again lol wen am i not but n*e wayz not much else to say if i think of sumthin else or get even more bored then ill write another entrie!!!!!                     peace luv and cargo homiez!!!                              ~maddness!!!
0	  You are Jimmy Eat World, the world has hurt you so badly in your past causing you to be so untrusting. It takes a lot for someone to truly win you over, but once they've found the real you, you will do anything and everything for them. You may be afraid now, but don't worry, you will be alright, the world isn't that bad. You are a good person, and with those you love by your side, no one can break through the beauty that is surrounding you.      What band expresses your emotions the best?     brought to you by  Quizilla    *cries*
0	 so i completely changed my layout because i was so boreddd. my week was pretty good, school's almost out, can't complain : )    Yesterday was one of the best days this year. i got along with my parents, i *talked* to my mom in the car, had a good voice lesson, got ice cream, and yadda yadda. today was alright too. I'm getting all A's with the exception of math....eh i have a B-, not bad. i went to frankly's with cayln and tim, we watched harry potter at his house!! hurrayyy lol i went to work at 4 and now i'm here.    tomorrow will be abso-fuckin-lutely boring until my date hehehe. i have a voice lesson and then work 12-5. then me and timmay are going on a  date  to see troy ; )    &nbsp;     i miss you so much     &nbsp;      i love you oh so well  like a kid loves candy and fresh snow  i love you oh so well    
1	         You are                       What Rejected Crayon Are You?   
0	hey k im bored and sad for some reason, not exactly sure why. i'm worried about sarah.. she hasnt been on in a while n i wanna know the results.. i'm sure everyone else already does but i havent heard yet so sarah if you see this before i talk to you make sure and tell me k? anyways, tonight was fun i guess i woke up at 5 then chilled around the house and then got online at 7 but no one was talking to me so i took a shower and went out, nothin really to do though. i came home and watched where the heart is with my mom.. i think that's what its called.. its the movie about the walmart baby. anyways, ya fuck i'm bored well i guess im gonna go read my book, sucks reading so much a night it takes me like 2 hours everyday to read what i have to read to be finished in time. k bye
1	Today's easter! Also end of daylight savings. I got chocolate. I gave chocolate. I hid chocolate and helped kiddies find it. I saw relatives. Urm...I am back seeing my family and my wonderful boy again. Missed them all lots. Even Liz (my big big sister) was here today so it was very huggy and nice. I showed my cousins how to do a little poi and they loved it. We were also all climbing poles and trees and swinging from bars and stuff. All in all a very good day. I have lots of photos in need of development. Yay chocolate!
1	Oh now look at that! I am back! A yay for me I'd say! *lol*  In the meantime I have moved 500 km to the south, where I am attending university now. And guess what I am studying.... English and History! Yay! Right now I am in university, waiting for my next lecture to begin, and as I don't have an internet account of my own yet, I have to use the one in the uni!  Oh datsue: LOVE YOUR ICONS!!!!  Hope you guys are well, and yeah, I hope I won't forget to write again!  To Lu: I so hope you got to Paris well, and enjoy your time! Write me a mail!!! I wanna know everything about Micky *lol*
1	Got my wedding jewelry in the mail yesterday... woohoo! Well, still need earrings, but just going to get cz studs...which we have at work.
0	I know im not catholic.....but  please keep Pope John Paul in your prayers (or whatever you believe).  He has been a great influence on the world, and a person that would be sorely missed by all religions.
1	Oh my god. I finally got to meet Jerermy's family. I love his family. MUCH better then mine. His mom is so sweet. Aww.. I love his house. I had so much fun last night, you don't even know. We are going to try to hang out again on Saturday.. and I can't wait.. because I miss him already. But.. school time. Bye
1	I am off today, bitches!!!&nbsp; I worked my ass off yesterday in order to get today off, but it was all worth it.&nbsp; I'm gonna go shopping, and sit on my ass some, eat at Cici's, get my hair done.&nbsp; OH HAPPY DAY!&nbsp; My doggie is the sweetest thing in the world and I luff her so much!&nbsp; *dances*&nbsp;   So you guys have a great Friday (even if you have to work), and a wonderful Easter weekend!&nbsp; I'll catch you all later!
0	sometimes things just suck...  and there isnt anything anyone can do about it.  just the way it is...
0	If I didn't go to school right now, my life would be incredibly less stressful.
1	well guys it was time for an update(mocking someone) i went to a hockey game n got to bond with the chicks from the polo team, oh im a such a pimp. It was awesome my brazilian friends pissed of this white guy and he just walked away it was hilarious i had forgoten how much fun it was to do stuff like this, is what i truly enjoy, maybe in the inside im truly a jock hahahahah well peace out guys many thanks to hannah she motivated me to update &lt;3  love her
1	Many of you love to make icons, and all of you on my friends-list love at least one Whedonverse show, therefore:         _whedonicontest      Run. Join. Make with the merry, and the icons!  Because it's just so much fun *g*  *sidenote*  I'm seriously considering getting a paid LJ - more icons *sob*  I'm in denial.
1	Woo!  My boyfriend just sent me the picture he took of Tammy signing my tattered old SotL paperbacks (which I have had since 1992) at Boskone in February.  Just wanted to share.  It's a tad blurry, but still cool.        
0	In hopes of perhaps raising my self-esteem just a little (which failed, but oh well...), I did this in Photoshop:     I know it's not much, but I thought it turned out nicely.  Blurring stuff can be fun.  lol  I even signed it, so that I could remember how to sign an autograph...
1	I finish school early on friday and i have a the whooolllleeee weekend free!  I'm so excited.. plus, i don't have to work until next thursday then!  Um, yeah that's about it.  See you soon y'all!
0	       create your own visited states map   or  write about it on the open travel guide  
1	YEEHA!!! I just bought a copy of How To Draw Manga vol. 1!!!!  XD  I know I should've just buy the Americanized version (it's way more affordable) but the Japanese one is still the best.  Besides, I bought it in National Book Store for around eight hundred pesos from the money Dad gave me for my birthday.  It usually costs more than a 1,000 in most shops.  I also wanted to buy the American English version of Shonen Jump for only 480 pesos.  It looks cool because it has One Piece and Shaman King in it but I'll still have to think about it.
1	      You are a drumstick.         Absolutely insane. That is how most would describe you. You aren't afraid to take risks, and enjoy putting yourself in strange situations. Most people hang out with you because of your hilarious sense of humour. You light up any bad situation, and can help all of your friends with their problems, except for your own. Because of this, you enjoy being around people like you. Many shut you out for your very weird, random personality, but honestly, you shouldn't care.  Most compatible with:  Guitar , and another drumstick.    Click here -- What Random Object Represents Your Inner Self?      
0	I am too much depressed at India losing the match. Cannot imagine how can somebody lose all the 9 wickets in three sessions of play. Actually shocking to see none of the players offering cool resistance to the bowlers except Sehwag an Gambhir at the top and Kumble at the down. Its even more shitty the kind of commentry Ramiz Raja was doing all the way in his words only "PAKISTAN". Doesnt seem to know that commentry is not done for a country one belongs to but is done in the light of a match. Quite disgusting. One more of the like from Indian side is Siddhu (Nowadays seen nowhere.)  Dont know what the Indians would do in the One day series
1	Hey Missy!  You missed Sex with Mason!  How could you!  hehe.  Hope you feel better.
1	 del.icio.us gets funding!   This makes me very happy!  If Joshua had some sort of donation service he would be getting money from me, now he doesn't need it!  For those who haven't checked out  del.icio.us , you're missing out, it's a sweet social bookmarking site which works extremely well with Firefox.
1	 Tonight I went to an angel game. They won. It rocked.     Maybe ill post some pictures!    Hey go check out my xanga.. Pictures of me and my mom are up, We look nothing alike. :(     http://www.xanga.com/home.aspx?user=Kell oBelloWelloHello     I love you all dearly, Goodnight 
1	just two this morning, I didn't have a chance to make any for myself last night...I was working on icons for the       vg_icon_awards    Since its so few, I'm not using LJ-cut, sorry.     MOOOOOOGLE!!! &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3  and here is my masterpiece...thanks to       crazedntwisted    (Ali)...I CAN ANIMATE!!! AHHHHHHH!    AWWH-YEAH!!! edit: I fixed it, it blinks slower now.  LYRICS - for #2: The Ataris - Hello & Goodbye  oh btw, I need a good FLCL image of that chick with the bass...help?
1	i really really love be surprised about people and things. for the better of course.
0	Next time give me the 30 sec heads up! Cute little post I might add. I'll c u around.
1	today, as i had hope the tides turned.  it is the ying to yesterdays yang. i practically landed a freelance job for Uhuru Na Umoja (Freedom and Unity)Fresno States Black Voice publication.  I sauntered into the Collegian (the regular MWF pub) to give my contact information to a few editors. I then ran into Maurice the editor of Uhuru Na Umoja who was interested in me because i was in the right place at the right time, i guess the color of my skin helped a little... So if i am contacted  by th Collegian and Uhuru Na Umoja i'll be freelance (i'll get paid) for two count them two pubs!!! yes life is sweeeddd!!!
1	Well it isnt techncally *my* truck But i get the use of it whenever I want it. And the Tirling Plastic Industries sign is going to be taken off And theres 2 seatbelts (and seats) in the cab.  And its certainly not new.   
0	So, I have learned that I have caused pain to my beloved girlfriend, Erin. I wish I could take that whole day back, but alas, I cannot. When I read the post a feeling of immense sadness came over me. It seems that I did someting that I promised myself I would never do. I hurt Erin. So, since I am no doctor, I can jsut hope that they can fix her wound and all I can do is apologize. I AM SO SOORY ERIN!
0	So far so good for class, but being off AIM and off email means that I will not be able to spend time with       beagledance   .  I did take a two hour lunch break this morning to spend some time with her, but that won't make up for being away for another 8 hours; and she was not feeling well this evening.    She was so sweetly lying in bed as I popped in for a short visit before driving to the workshop.  En lieu of eating breakfast I spent my few minutes curled up next to her.    I miss spending this morning with her.   P.S. Oh and I grabbed an apple to snack on and I fed the cats before I left.
0	help, help I'm drowning in people with no one to talk to. Lungs filling up with peopled silences and bad verse ...  note to self, remember the whole thing about public and private poetry.  koipond -running up that hill, with a really low note.
1	 Hi, Daniel.    If you want an interview, then I can probably answer any list of  questions you have provided there aren't too many.  If you want to get  responses from Take/Yasu, or K.K, Fujitake, etc., I'd have to ask them,  and then translate their answers.  - Aaron 
1	Amber-Do you wanna go to Kingwood with me and Hayley this Saturday night? Just let me know...Luv you girl!!
1	  You will be mine, oh yes, you will be mine.  (After you ship on the 21st)
1	HEY WHATS UP!!!!LOSERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!
0	Still behind in hours--thus, no game for me, dammit.  Need money more than RP (and need to show my bosses that I'm not slacking off).
0	I hate it when I sleep through my alarm!  I sometimes delude myself that if I can trust anything in this world, I can trust an alarm clock to wake me at the proper time.  But no!  Is nothing sacred?    I woke up to my answering machine, "Hi, this is (coworker); are you coming in to work?"  I jumped out of bed, uttering a few choice words to no one at all, and I panicked for 30 seconds before I finally remembered the phone number to call her back.  I said "sorry I was napping and my alarm failed me; you may leave if you want to, I'll be down in a couple of minutes."  But no, Ms. Conscientious replies, "I have to wait," heaping hot coals of guilt on my head.  So I threw some clothes on and came down.  Oy.
0	I have tried to write out a nice long journal entry about 3 times now, and I keep deleting it because I dont want people to know how I feel. Sad. I give up. Maybe a longer post later. Bye
1	HoLa!  Today was really good for the most part...school was actually somewhat fun, our class won the boat building project haha yess! After school I went to my Dad's house and he's pretty much making me live with him again, I guess I have to start staying there every other weekend and once or twice during the week. I really can't stand the guy and all we do is fight so I don't get why he wants me there but okayy. Enough about that though, on a more positive note tonight was fun I went to the basketball game...well got there at half time lol and then went to Brocks after and watched the real world lol, it was a good time. And here I am! I should probably go to bed soon tho. bye bye
0	I got a birthday card from Grandma/grandpa E today. I got money. 25.00. But I don't want money for my birthday... For my 16th I just want things to be okay... I want to be thin. Thin thin thin. Thats all. I won't have either. So...  I dont want anything at all.
0	So I just plugged in my Japanese version of Metal Gear Solid 2: Substance, all pumped to play my favorite game again while practicing the Nihongor with Japanese voices and subtitles. I'm watching the opening FMV, enjoying all its nostalgic power. The FMV lists David Playa Hayter as the first actor. Wait a second...  I check the Options screen and yep, no Japanese voices. I check the back of the box and it says it right at the top, as a feature that makes Substance different from the first release, that this game has Japanese subtitles and English voices. nOOooOoOooOoOooOoOoo!!  So I guess I'll go back to Topboy tomorrow and get ordinary MGS2 and spend another 10 bucks. A loser is me!
0	Gandalf muses on a situation...        http://www.melissamagick.com/SleepofAng els.html 
0	heyy...just got bac from competittion....we got second :/....steph wasnt there....and well not a good day...but fun weekend movies with the ladies....then to loinds for a lil while...guess what i am not grounded!  lol but ya....o ya kels n jake were at the competition dont no y but ya they like ran onto the court wen we were folding the floor....and points could have been taken of out score cuz of that!!! ahh....but ya...
1	WEll, I made it to Nagano.  I like it pretty well so far, kind of a small city, but there seems to be enough to do and I've met some really nice people so far.  Now that I'm here I have to say I'm extremely happy to be back.  I sort of forgot what a cool place it is.    Got a chance to speak a bunch of Japanese today, as I went sightseeing and shopping with this Australian dude who's visiting my roommate.　　I asked the shopkeepers a bunch of questions for him, and I was amazed at how much I still remember about the language.  I was really pleased with myself, I gotta say ;)  Speaking of my roommate, he's moving out soon and I'll have the whole place to myself!  Going into Nagoya for orientation on monday.  I hope I'll get a chance to catch up with some friends before or after that...
0	I dont feel like doing anything at all. :(  I dont want to talk to anyone.  I'm hungry, but I can't eat anything.  I have to clean, but I dont want to. I have to do my homework, but I dont want to.  I just want to go to sleep for like a year.  I dont want to deal with anything or anybody right now. I didn't want to go to school today, but my dad was bitching, and I didn't want to hear his mouth.  So I went.  But I really dont have anything else to type.  So bye.
0	 Its thursday and its concert night...I was really excited about my solo and hoping my parents would be there.&nbsp; But, no.&nbsp; I asked them to come, why didn't they come?    I want to congratulate everyone who performed tonight and&nbsp;thank&nbsp;for their&nbsp; parents  and students&nbsp;who came.    I thank everyone who has commented on my journal, even though i didn't update as much as i should have.    This is my last entry.    &nbsp;    Goodbye Everyone 
1	 You know how, when your doctor phones you it's usually because they've discovered something unpleasant in your latest lab work and want to get to you  right fracking now ?      Well, today, it was  good  news. My diabetes specialist just called to tell me that my A1C has gone from 7.9 (in January) to 6.3 (on Wednesday).      Now to find myself a nice juicy steak or something to celebrate with. 
0	  Hey Hey it's me the beautiful richie again :-) I am not really doing ne thing right now but I miss some ppl :-/ but it's ok ill see them again one more time some day...And I still say this but it never gets old MEGGY KICKS ASS...she made my awsomely awsome livejournal:-D  
1	THE CHAOS HAS BEGUN!  Not what I expected personally.   And not so much what I wanted personally.   But chaos none-the-less.  And I'm flippin' excited for it.  Hahahahaha! I took the robot back!  Take that Matt!  Alright, more dork, ehem, I mean ren faire classes soon.
1	I got my computer fixed!!!!! It's better than when I first got it. WHOOOO!!!! Well my easter was great. I  got to take my friends to church with me. Then I went to a friends house and we ate cuban food. Gosh! I can't go threw life with out being surrounded by cubans :). It's okay I love all my CUBANS!!!! I love the food too!!!!!  Well School is great!!!! Can't wait till be home!!!! I miss my doggie and mama!!!!!
1	Right, the  Thief 3 editor is now out . I foresee many a great fan level in the future. Life is good. :)  Geek out!
1	  I'd had requests to see pictures of my dress so here goes. It isnt a great pic but you get the idea. I have pictures of me in it but I couldnt post em here ...as Ray reads my LJ too (and I hear it's bad luck if he sees me in it before the big day and all). None-the-less....I'll share the ones of me in the dress to you guys on a person to person basis. Trying on that dress tonight made it ....so real.      Of course this pic doesn't include the tiara, the cathedral style veil, and the shorter veil ..which spices it up a bit ;o)       &nbsp;      
1	Dear lord that's a lot of posts!  Anyway, as many of you have seen by Andrew's post, I now have glasses.  I actually like them a lot.  I've always wanted glasses!  I still have some getting used to them, but in due time.  Trivia this weekend and I am pumped!  Hopefully I'll get a nap in this afternoon so I can stay up the entire weekend.
1	well okay.. amanda made an xanga for me so im gonna use that from now on N its so pretty!! i &lt;3 it ...N turn up your volume if you go to it!! ...its @       www.xanga.com/ix3lawki2244   so yea i love you all   &lt;
0	Grr... ::twitch:: I hate chemistry, i can't figure it out. Things just aren't going my way in life right now. It's not fair. ::sigh::
1	i love how we cant stay upset at each other for long periods of time  =)
1	So I've got the interview at 10am. I'm not very nervous. From what I've heard, it sounds like I could get into a groove at this place within a few weeks. What I'm nervous about is how they'll react to my hair. If I pull it back neatly, I doubt there'll be a problem once the surprise of it is gone. I'm a quick learner. That should help. Now I should check my outfit and try to get some sleep so I'm rested.   I'd just like to know why and how all this good stuff started happening in my life. I shouldn't complain.  'night everyone
1	My stomach seems a lot calmer these days. It usually does its spastic thing at the end of the month. I have a doctor's appt. on Friday. I'm not excited but I want to seeif everything is all right. It feels all right these days.   Wednesday is a show of the band Zach is managing at Woody's. I havent been to Woody's in a while. Should be interesting. I keep forgetting the name of the band but I know it's Nadeem's band. And I've seen them live once. Anyway, I'm excited.   Ah, Class. I dont want to go but this morning I'm not sick. Yay!
1	   Ninja!  You are a sneaky Ninja. We don't even know you're there... before it's too late!      Monkey, Ninja, Pirate, Robot?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	parfois il peut être très regrettable de perdre quelqu'un qui était en même temps un de vos meilleurs amis. il a été exactement d'un mois puisque j'ai même vu cette personne et j'ai à peine même le rai à eux, en dépit de mon appeler juste pour voir comment ils font. je déteste quand quelqu'un peut me faire le sentir comment j'ai fait dans le lycée quand les filles stupides composeraient juste désormais une raison de ne pas être des amies la chose avec cela bien que soit que ce n'est pas une fille et je ne suis pas dans le garçon principal plus stupide de highschool.
0	MY LIFE IS A WASTE OF TIME.LIFE ITSELF IS SUCH A WATE OF TIME.
0	well today is the 8 yr mark that my grandfather has been gone... ive been thinking about it all day and about how much i miss him!  im actually crying right now... Grandpa-if you can see me right now, i love you and i miss you so much! RIP
1	  Paid account is up and running... got nummy pics up... now to figure out bloody lj coding for styles.... hrm, anyone wanna help out? ;p  
1	so i bet everyones wondering how i am...right? well okay! 1)i went over to kate's because she was sick. 2.) i went shopping with catherine. 3.) i did some christmas shopping, and bought everyone great presents! (no! you can't know what yours is yet!)  so now you know what i've been up to!  p.s) you're all gonna looooove your gifts! *wee*
1	Uh, if an-anyone is ruh-reading this, this is my first p-post! My name is Butters and I'm n-nine years old and I live in s-south park colorado. W-Well, I've got to go clean my h-hamster cage now, so bye.
1	wow! after 13 days of not working, i finally got to work today!(after sakura called me at 6:45 to tell me to go to work at 8..i wish she would've called to let me know last night like she's supposed to!) anyhow, i got into a fight with a blue paint marker at work today..it won. now i'm blue. bah!
1	Well, one more to go.   Just to spite many of you, I'm going to do my  best  to enjoy my Summer.  Ta.  -B.B.
0	    &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;         koni_chan   is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator      
0	I know that I don't like everyone in the world.  I also know that not everyone in the world likes me.  But all it takes is one person being outright mean, displaying a total disregard for my feelings, to make me feel like everyone hates me and I'm a terrible person,   even if I didn't do anything wrong     Even though I am scared witless about going to Oxford next year I am glad I will be leaving this place for a little while. I'm looking forward to starting over in a place where no one knows me, so at least no one can hate me.
1	it is so very close to the end of the semester.  it may not sound it, but i really don't have much left to do.  just half of a german paper, three concert reports and two exams (only one of which requires studying).   yay!!!   on a different note, everyone should come to the dance performance tonight in dana at 6:30pm because dance isn't supported as well as it should be.  not to mention that after the dance performance there is a contra dance!  wooo!  there is also the non-majors recital today at 2, in case you want to come see me make a fool out of myself on the piano.  whee!
0	She was my North, my South, my East, and West, My working week and my Sunday rest, My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song I thought love would last forever; I was wrong  The stars are not wanted now: put out every one; Pack up the moon and dismantle the sun; Pour away the ocean and sweep up the wood, For nothing now can ever come to any good.
0	i dont know whats going on anymore. with any of my friends, really.  maybe because they probably dont consider me as a friend.
1	Because this meme amuses me far, far too much.   Pair me with anyone, real life or fandom. And tell me why.   Also?        fox1013   .  OMG.  23 August --  Rebel Angels , by Libba Bray, is released.  It is the sequel to  A Great and Terrible Beauty , AND IT IS SET AT CHRISTMASTIME.  I have naturally drawn the only reasonable conclusion, which is that LIBBA BRAY LOVES US.  Gay gay gay!  YA fantasy!  Historical YA fantasy!  Which is dark and creepy and the femslash is practically canon... AT CHRISTMASTIME.
1	more good news for me. not only do i have a new truck, i am writing this entry from my NEW HP LAPTOP! wow. things have really been looking up for me recenty...so im waiting for my downdfall...which i hope doesnt happen.  oh yeah...nick, thanks for being my friend.
1	Well, I'm off!!  Everyone have a great weekend, and I'll see you later :)
0	it was delicious and this is what I ate. a Mid morning dream, many and I'm awake. I tab them all with the ink from my pen. I'm alone, but sometimes, that's how it's gotta happen.  [the elephant] he turned around and asked me if it were possible. It is I replied.  [the sparkle] Oh no, it's only POLO, this gown I wear Perched on the velvet Flower, sun shone in my hair.  [he does] he waits patiently and picks his nose the blue flicker, on and on, no doze.  [once was time] my hands are a nice color, so I'm told. and it's great we're in groups of two. I've heard the scream, and I'll never be alone. no.  I've stayed awake till 6, drifting again and off into sleep, writing down first things that popped into existence. They're real. Maybe one day I can introduce you to my friend. I made him last year and drew a picture. He was young at the time. I thought of him today.
1	This may be old or new news to some but anyway. Lovers of the FF series are gonna get a treat soon as the new MOVIE Final Fantasy 7: Advent Children is coming! I just watched te trailer and i must admit, i am NO fan of Squeare or Final Fantasy. However i LOVED FF7. This movie looks fuggin HOT! Lets hope the plot isint typical Japanese fare with convoluded plot and overly pretencious characters. Thats asking a but much tho. Its certainly a pretty looking movie anyhow ;)  Interestingly enough one of the first platforms to get this movie will be the new PSP platform. I guess SONY pulled some strings and managed to get a UMD (the PSP media) format version of it to sell for the system. NICE!
1	i'm opening for Woody McBride!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!
1	Ok well a lot has changed since I last wrote...  First and foremost Dan is no longer in CV...he transferred to Evergreen about a week ago, and to all appearances seems to be much happier.  Of course, I've only seen him once since he switched schools, but oh well.  Another major change in my life (and probably the biggest) is that I'm actually starting to like myself a bit.  I wouldn't say I'm becoming more confident (because I'm still nothing but a scared little girl), but I'm accepting things about myself that I hadn't been willing to accept before.    Ok well being the ADD kid that I am, I can't handle talking to two people online and doing this at the same time, so peace out kiddies.
0	I love depression. It does a person good. Just when you were beginning to think that everything was going well, it shatters and falls into nothing. And this is when I realize that happiness is merely a state of mind. IT DOESN"T EXIST. It's all in the way you perceive things and today everything just made me want to curl up and die. It's been one of those days when everything and everyone makes you completley crazy and it's not even their fault. It's just a product of your own irritability. It would be safe to say that today was a bad day. I really just needed to be alone, and at any location other than school. I'm going to end this entry because no one really likes reading entries like this, they are annoying.
0	blah.. I'm really down right now. I don't even wanna talk about why though. I'm not talking to people anymore because everyone has a big mouth.   fuck.
1	Those low-down, no good, P. O. S. bastards at eMachines have finally returned my laptop. Hurrah! So, how've you all been?  I had a wonderful Christmas and New Year's, though adjusting to a school that doesn't take those two weeks of has been an adjustment. I hosted my young lady, and we had such a nice time that she's back again this weekend. I tried to teach her how to knit, but I think she's a crocheter at heart.  I felt like I had a ton of things I wanted to post about over the last few weeks, but I never jotted down any idea. So the whole time I was computer free I was constantly cursing my lack of computer, but now that I have one available--I suddenly can't remember a single one. Except eMachines sucks. Oh yeah, and President Bush, too.  I will think of an interesting topic for my next post. In the meantime, talk amongst yourselves...I'll give you a topic... the pineapple is neither pine nor apple, discuss...
1	Jingle bells, jingle bells... Jingle all the waaaay~...    I love Christmas. X3 Mom said she's staying in America, though... That's okay... I'll see her some other time.    What are you guys doing for Christmas? Maybe we can do something together a week before the big day? =O    My hair is trying to eat me again. o_o; Maybe I should get it cut or something... &gt;&gt; I tried to blowdry it a few days ago and I ended up looking kinda like Miguel. XP
0	This one is for my friends only (if they ever read it that is). I get the feeling that my friends don't really like me so I think I'll be an even bigger pain in the ass and ask them. Depending on how they respond is going to determine what I'll do next and with them. If my friends are unhappy with me than I will leave them and never talk to them again so that I'm not bothering them ever again. I don't like the people I care about to be unhappy, people are far more important than I am, so I guess I would even die for them. I don't know, maybe I just want attention. That is after all what everyone truely wants, people want to be known and remembered. They never want to be cast aside or to go unnoticed, but I guess I've learned to live with it. Lord THANATOS please show me the way to perfection, even if it is through death.
1	What a great break here at home... Everything was so much fun, I had an amazing Christmas, and got to see most of my friends. I head back to C-bus tomorrow for New Years which is gonna be so much fun. I seriously can't even wait. Megan is gonna just stay with me all weekend which will make it even better. Me and Nick decided we are gonna wake up early on saturday morning and make the 2 girls breakfast, so hopefully that will score some brownie points :)  Alright, well, i need to eat something and get some stuff done before I leave tomorrow, so I will talk to everyone later.
1	ATTN: LADIES  THIS FRIDAY WE'RE GOING DANCING.   THE FEZ.   NO MONEY IS NO EXCUSE.
1	when i should be asleep i'm eating doritos and drinking coke.. and ignoring the pile of washing up *gulp*  meh  saw mamma mia! tonight - was great :D &lt;3 free tickets to shows at QPAC  laters
0	Now trying to come up with a CV. For most people keeping it down to a page is supposed to be a problem. I am up to about half a page, and that's mainly name and address.  Useful skills : None.  Relevant experience : Nil.  Telephone manner:  Abysmal.  Can-do attitude:  Can't even pretend.  Prospects:  Awful.
1	Man! I have to clean today then I have guitar which I have to write a song for. Well bass line for. And I need to locate Ryan. And lastly babysit. Too bad can't go to Mike's b-day party. oh well I'll live. We worked on the leper scene today for JCS! It was fun. Though the trap door Amber and I come out of like only sat on chairs cause we haven't connected the platform to the stage yet. So we lift ourselves out for our line run back under and then attack jesus! It's so much fun!! I get so into though I'm so out of breath by the end. But like all of us are. Oh! I love the leper scene! And it alreayd looks really good. Those of you not in JCS You better come and see it! It's going to be amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
1	i just had to update so that i could recommend/plug phantom of the opera because it was so amazing.  i think i cried at every single part just because it was really good and has that perfect kinda story.  and the voices were really excellent.  and i'm gonna have to say it's just as good as the play even tho all plays are automatically better because there's just something about seeing it live that you don't get in movies.  and raul and the phantom were hot, definite plus.  i think phantom is prolly my 2nd fav musical cuz west side story comes first, but phantom is prolly better because the music/story are just that beautiful/amazing.  and of course the story is definetly incredible/meaningful/all that good stuff. its deeeefinetly worth seeing and getting the music because its amazing  this weekend was fun, but most weekends are.
0	death failure death death death bad luck ; ; Progenerator i hates you &gt;.
1	It is hard to believe that 2005 is already more than a 12th gone. Next thing I know it'll be gone and I'll want to know who is stealing my time. I seem to have a good set of teachers this year.  Yesterday I went to i-play with some of my friends and played some multiplayer games. I wonder what new suprises the year will hold. That's all for now.  Matthew
1	Finally, new orders have arrived! I'm shipping out tomorrow. I still don't know what the assignment is, but I hope that whatever it is, I'll have the chance to bag me some Jedi!
1	who wants to watch newsies tomorrow night!&gt;!? oh you know you do...   or at least some other movie, i really dont want to spend another friday night at home! hehe   after i got off the lexpress, i reunited with lauren bloomberg. shes not a bitch....hah.   i had a lot of energy today!  lets hope i have more tomorrow so that itll go faster!
1	:) People love me and friended me! I have friends! :) I feel special! *big smile*
1	I randomly found medicine in our bathroom and I have to say that it worked wonders. Within 24 hours, my fever went from 101.7 to 98.9.  Wakashi, thanks for all the homework you brought over. I'll get busy on them this weekend.  If anyone needs me, I'll be resting a bit in my dorm, 210.
1	Hey, people.  My computer is working (kinda).  I will post some of my concert pics from Souix City here, once I get to Kendra's for the par-tay so I can use her scanner.  WOOHOO!  PAR-TAY!  With no annoying brother to bug the crap out of me, which he always does.  Anybody with a sibling will completely understand.   Sarah
1	  I DROVE ALL BY MYSELF TODAY...  my adventures as a solo driver will come later.&nbsp; I know you're all dissapointed... but&nbsp;   I'm so excited!   
1	Hi everyone! I'm new here so I just thought I'd introduce myself. My name is Ari, I'm 22, from Tennessee (though I'm originally from Manchester, England), and I'm a huge Hudson fan. I've always loved her as Callisto, but I completely fell in love when I attended her yoga class. She's such a great person to meet. I'm a  Xena  fan in general, but I've only been to one con, which was Pasedena in 2003 with a few friends. I also saw Renee at Comic Con 2003 with my sister, Layla, and close friend David. Hopefully I'll be at Burbank in 2006.  I'm brand new on LJ so feel free to check me out and add me if you wish. I love to make friends, and any Hudson fan is a friend of mine!
1	Bobby was very good to me for our anniversary. We aren't going out until this weekend, but he did give me my presents. I got a new collar. It's velvet, and very pretty. I'm going to wear it to Thanksgiving dinner, just to piss my sister-in-law off and listen to her give one of her "feminism or die" speeches (which is ironic, since the main goal of her life seems to be to find a man). The woman doesn't have a clue. Just because I choose to wear a collar does not mean that I am not as strong individually as she is. The key word that she never hears is "choose".  Ah, well, I probably won't antagonize her, but it *is* fun to contemplate. She pitches some rather amusing hissy fits on occasion.  Other news: I've been so busy I don't know whether I'm coming or going most of the time, and I fear I've neglected my journal. Hopefully I will get some time to myself soon. Or at least some valium.
1	hi everybody ive been a kiss fan since i was 8 seen them 3 times fav somg is i love it loud and video ace was the one who got me into them in the 1st place in 98 i joind the Asylum chat room and made alot of good friends there icludeing a special one he knows who he is anyway whoever has icq msn or yahoo can add me
1	hooray, i finally got over that big depression :), it really sucked, but i feel much better now, i'm going to draw tonight, but i totally cant make up my mind on what to draw, i keep stalling, i really need to force myself sometimes. it's been a great day today :), lots of rain and stuff, and i had a lot of corn chips :D, i've just been sitting around listening to music, being happy that i'm not sad anymore, i'm still a little nervous about the TAFE course, i start in 2 weeks, but i have an orientation day on thursday, also, i'll get my nice watch that broke straight away back, well, it'll be a new one, but it's exactly the same :) well, that's all i have to write about at the moment, i'm gonna start drawing now, i hope i do something good :) seeya all, have fun
1	i hate myself  i have my band and my friends... thats all i need really. I love you guys.    Glassjaw is tomorrow
1	no more braces no more braces i can smile big huge white teeth now but i hav this huge positioner and it looks like a mouth gaurdwith three lil breathing holes its funny cuz i get a bunch of spit with it on (not like u needed to know that) oh and it tates nasty like fresh rubber(maybe cuz it iz) oh i gots a limo ride and krispy keames and sparling cider and hehe a bag of candy :D soz u can telll im happy
0	Yet another night...  Today was the vigil for TJ, I couldn't go.  I just couldn't bring myself to go.  I don't handle death really well.  I will definately go to the funeral, but today, I just couldn't do it.  Going home tomorrow for Easter.  Going to find something to do now...  ~Peace~
0	So the Internet is the slowest it's ever been. So I wonder because I don't know any better if I've got a "virus". So I find my virus checker is "disabled". So I wonder how that happened and click on settings and it takes forever to respond. So I try to shut the machine down. So that doesn't respond. So I do it by brute force. So when I reload it comes up saying some system file can't be found. So I have to reformat by factory CDs. So I'm very lucky to have the Internet logon phone number and password scrawled on a piece of paper amongst the thousands. So I'm here now ( waves hi ) but my machine has funny colour schemes and icons and clicking sounds like when you just get it new. And not the files I used to have on it. The most critical were on a floppy or emailed to myself or on websites designed specifically for the reason that I knew my machine would suddenly instanteously die. But it's a bit of a sodding learning curve when it happens.
0	hunting for a job licks.  i had my second interview at fry's today, i had my first yesterday.  I must've done something right the first time but this time didn't seem so promising.  I even looked all spiffed out and everything, but the dude asked me if i was going to school, so i told him yes.  Then he made it sound like it would be hard to cram work AND school into my mediocre life.  He asked me to schedule my schooling around work....what the fuck?!  hell no.  I think i'll try somewhere else, i'm not holding my breath for this job.  chris told me he's getting laid off work.  he said it was good news because now he can go back to school.  i hope he is initiative about it tho,  i think it'd be really cool if he went back to school.  you go chris.  nothin much else has really been happenin...i started playing zelda: oot again.  So that's my life up to this point, fun eh?
1	Well, last night was.. not what I expected. Well, there were some really funny things that happened last night, like the subject, and picking up Scott "life is ... fucking .. snoopy", "arrrrrrrr!!!! there's a pirate in front of us!" LoL.  Anyway, I'm REALLY happy & excited because I just looked up the weather for Sevilla & Lisbon. The night I get into Sevilla it will be 79° & the next morning, we leave for Lisbon where it will be 66° on Thursday & 67° on Friday. We come back to Sevilla on Saturday when it'll be 69°. I'm really excited!! I can't wait to see Jackie, I miss her soo much. I need to pick up a few more things before I go though, so I'll go to Menlo tomorrow after school. Well I must go pack now..  "I want to be the one to walk in the sun, oh girls they want to have fun"
0	I'm sorry you never came I'd hoped you would and Wished you felt the same I'm sorry you never cared I'd hoped you would and Wished that you had shared I'm sorry you never tried I'd hoped you would and Wished I had not cried I'm sorry you never came I'd hoped you would and Wished there'd be gain I'm sorry you never tried I'd hoped you would and Wished you hadn't lied
1	 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;     Ta Da.....(Frank no peeking)      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   
0	around me they are going places rushing, to from  lives whispering secrets only I can hear blurred words tumble over rocks; like sand in my mind I cannot breath.  no yesterday for tomorrow ; only sweet music without our love. grinning in the dead of darkness, shining eyes staring back. I can catch a glimpse of them if I stay still  and do not sleep  repeating repeated.  never knowing when in the end we will feel the days ahead, where the people are running in circles and now I'm moving backwards, sideways through their sorrow, towards the end.  find the smoothness of sleep  and dream as you look right through me 'click' the phone is dead no more sweetness no more air there's just me again removed replaced  here...  i wanted to write something new but instead just copied and pasted something old.
1	For a few years I've wanted to get back to Atlanta for AWA, and up until a few hours ago it looked like that I'd have to delay it yet another year. But I was talking to Manny and he said "Come join us and the other Otakucon people. Con pass, hotel, and transportation are no problem." So I'm like "Fuck yeah!"  Actually, it kills several birds with one stone. (Damn I'm a good shot)  - Talk to Manny and Seth extensively about Otakucon - Hang out with       norskotaku   . I'm hoping his AMV wins something in the Masters competition. It's incredible! - See Mari Iijima in concert (she canceled the last time I was at AWA) - Did I mention drunken DDR?
1	I realized Matt already posted the same entry earlier today, but I simply cannot help myself.  Guillermo del Toro of  Mimic ,  Blade 2 , and  Hellboy  fame, who Matt and Wang met during the Hellboy movie premiere in Los Angeles, e-mailed them Thursday night, complimenting them for the trailer to their upcoming film  The Craving .  In case you do not know what  The Craving  is, it is a 15 to 20 minute horror movie currently in post production that is directed by Matt and Wang, starring Julie and me.  For more cast and crew information and a link to the downloadable trailer,  click here .
0	Last Sunday Sarah and I decided to break up. The strange thing is we have not got along this well in a long time. She’s moving in with her grandma this weekend. I hate telling people about it. I have told some of my family some of my friends (Jesse I am telling you now, since you are probably the only person who reads my journal). I have seriously cut back on my drinking. one month sober then only three beers on three different days since sunday. But look out wednesday i plan on being piss drunk for the fall of troy show. Anyway... to Sarah: thanks for everything.
0	NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!  *cries* Hayley's gone! I'm so upset, I was bawling my eyes out last night :( It's just so unfair! How, HOW can somone like Casey beat someone like Hayley? I mean, appearance aside, Casey is simply not an Idol. She can't even speak in complete sentences for God sake! I'm just completely crushed and PISSED OFF! I don't care anymore. Hayley's gone, Ricki-Lee's gone - none of the others are even half as good as either of them.  Sucks.
1	Does anyone fancy a blossom viewing this sunday? I want to go and sit under the blossom, japanese stylee, and get drunk, eat sushi (or whatever is at hand) and set the world to rights.  You know you want to. Who needs Slimes?
1	Wow, I've been really bad with posting lately.  Happy Easter, everyone! Jason came by today with delicious Easter Pie and some Italian breadish stuff.. mmm... (sorry Eric... he came at 3:00 and we figured you wouldn't have time to stay... we saved you some though)  I [i]really[/i] need to work more, but my work ethic is currently negative.  I'm pathetic. I thought my shirt was tan all day, but it's green. Wow.  
0	 Pope John Paul II dies in Vatican    View this post on my blog   
1	GEORGE'S E.T.A. IS CURRENTLY 24 HOURS AND 51 MIN!!!!!! Fuck college im not letting him leave again...
1	i just wrote a long entry about my birthday week here but the damn comp timed out and i lost it all!! :( i really can't be arsed to write it all again but i'll treat you all to some pics...      possibly the only semi-sober picture of the night    obligatory gay man and fag hag pic! (me and lex)    my wife and i! (shelley)    the greatest friends in the world…    not looking too sober!!    and finally... some beautiful flowers sent to me by a great guy i met last saturday... how pretty??! :) i've never been sent flowers before... *blushes*    i had the best time... it was simply immense. sooooo many stories to tell, so many gaps in my memory! i will share them when i have time. i think i need a new liver... but i couldn't ask for better friends... and i'm so happy right now :) love tess xxx  p.s. guess who's going to see blink182 tomorrow??? curtesy of my friend justin! :)
1	Heres my schedule for the rest of the week (mostly for my sake):  Tonight - SAT class then the Y for some swimming with Jeremy Thursday - Taking pics with Brittany, work Friday - Mounts play with Brittany Saturday - work for cari, maybe catch Mike Jumps band, try and sneak a pic of Grimace at Mcdonalds (anyone with me?), Left Behind Farewell show Sunday - Fall Out Boy show at night with Brittany and Dan  Yeah, me and Brittany are back together which is totally sweeeeeeeeeeeeet.   KBYE
1	YAY FOR WHORE FROST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! only a stupid 8 hour drive to go!!! but well worth it!!! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!
1	Well this is me being bored and excited "hey look people I am bored and excited" I have the coolest news in the whole world ever possibly to the point where nothing else matters. Ok. I am moving out!!! Into mine own apartment!!! It is so cute. I am in (heart) with it. I don't think I have ever been this excited in my whole life. I am moving into my new place on December first!!!!! Oh my god I have to go now cause I am too excited to care about typing and I can't be bothered.
0	My life is getting to the stage of pure annoyance. I haven't seen Kate for a while now and I'm not allowed to see her for very long on the weekend at all (I'm sure if they had their way I wouldn't even have that much). I'm constantly told that things are this way because I need to be better. I'm young I need to be studdying harder, or working  It's not my fault that this TAFE course seems to not involve any learning and it takes up too much time to warrent a job . I hate whining like this, it achieves nothing, but at least it gives a release.  It's as if the cliche "nothing I do is good enough" is true *shudders at the thought*.   Why do I have to sink to these depths  I'm capable of intelligent conversation and bargaining, why does the idea of making some sort of deal or the like ever seem to please them. The're just making me sink into this juivinile mess that writing this crap.  Oh well, at least there is some escape. Even if it exists purely in my mind
1	OMG IM SO EXCITED! SLIPKNOT FUCKING TONIGHT! IM JUST EXCITED BECAUSE IM LIKE AN HOUR AWAY FROM WHERE SLIPKNOT IS RIGHT NOW! omg to see joey drum and jim play his guitar...and corey and his sexy voice singing. omg! eeek! dont worry tomorrow i will definitley do one of those like OMG SLIPKNOT WAS AWESOME updates!! ok time for me to go take a shower! :-D WHOO HOO SLIPKNOT 5 1/2 HOURS AWAY! alrighty bye!   *~*cAtHeRiNe*~*
0	.   so i have two choices where to move: mexico or slovakia  i'm rattled in my decision, so i write to try to make a choice. i find myself not wanting to make it but having to.  in that, i have no choice.
1	Happy birthday dear sisterly       solaraaranel    unit!!!
0	Well, as of this morning, Trueman was off to Aspen, Co for some R and R. I was invited to tag along, but due to some miscommunication, and bad planning, I was unable to go. I was disappointed that I was unable to accompany him because I sure that we would have had a lot fun playing in the snow, and meeting his fellow wounded veterans. But more importantly, I could have used to the free air fare to visit my favorite aunt and cousins.  Oh well. I am that I didn't call them (the Fam) when I learned about the trip. I would have gotten their hopes up, especially Jeffrey's.
0	this sucks!  rick james is dead at 56.  i should go find "street songs" and crank it up.  RIP.
0	i found out yesterday that my grandmother's(the one who passed away in August and my father didn't tell me) brother passed away February 27th.  His wife sent me the information in the mail and i got it yesterday.  i called her and we spoke for quite some time.  i haven't seen her or spoken with her since i was 5 years old.  She just acted as if we were long friends, it was really great.  She is such a wonderful person and she is taking the death of her husband very well.  His death was caused by the hospital's staff's incompetence.  She has an attorney and is in the process of taking action against the doctors and staff.  My uncle basically bled to death internally. Again, i found out through other means than my own father, that someone on his side of the family passed away.
1	I think MORE people should quote Napoleon Dynamite.
0	Alexis wasn't feeling well yesterday so I went over to her house to try and help her sleep.  I have a feeling she didn't sleep too well, but I hoped it helped.  I chilled in her living room for about an hour then I think I dozed off too...I wish I knew what was wrong.  I don't think I could help but I just worry so much.
1	I hate not having cable t.v. it realy sucks. If you don't have cable then you have nothing to watch. My wife has cable internet, so she is able to do what she wants, which doesn't bother me  but usually I have nothing to do. If we had I phone(hint,hint) I could call my family or my friend that lives where I used to live. I'm still working at Target and I'm no longer seasonal which is nice.  I'm also still looking for another job and I'm still looking for friends to chat with for when I do get on the internet. I'm doing pretty good and so is lisa(my wife, for those of you that didn't know).  She has two jobs which is awesome and once we get out of the finacial situation that we are in she will probably quit one of them unless she likes getting money then she will keep both of them.  Well that's it for me until next time and hunny I love you soooo very much.
1	It's been a good weekend thus far, putting the icing on the cake of a good week.  I went to Chuck E. Cheese for the first time in about 13 years on Wednesday and had a really great time, winning a mini slide whistle (which I dubbed my "rape whistle"), some faux plastic fingernails, among other trinkets.  I took a half day of school on Thursday, because the weather was too nice to be sitting in a class.  Partying long but not that hard on Thursday night (staying up until 5:30 in the morning) made Friday feel like Saturday, thus seemingly lengthening my weekend.  I had a friend up from school on Friday to track some classical guitar.  It was a good time, and today I'm going to be working on a track with Malissa, assuming she ever calls me.  Going to be taking it easy tonight and going to a friend's show tomorrow night at the lipstick lounge.  Hope everyone else is having a good weekend.
1	I thought about you when I was buying a CD today. I picked up the soundtrack for "The Phantom of the Opera." I can't wait to see it. :D  It really warms my heart to know that you're doing so good in Madison. You're truely a special person if you can put up with Nate on a daily basis(just kidding.).  You're definitely a fighter, and without a doubt one of the strongest people I've ever had the pleasure of knowing, even if you don't believe it.  I love hearing your songs, I even still have them on my computer. You've also turned me on to a lot of good music.
1	Hey Hey Hey!    Guess what time it is?!?   It's time for you to buy City Limit Tickets!  Here are few of the bands that most people know of, well at least I do. -Elvis Costello and the Imposters (Juliet..you should be reading this) -Sheryl Crow -Dashboard Confessionals -Howie Day  -Franz Ferdinand  -Patty Griffin -Ben Harper  -The Killers!!!  -Ben Kweller  -Los Lonely Boys   -Modest Mouse!  -The Pixies  There are  130  bands in total!  To buy your tickets click  here 
1	Dreaming! I love I love!   +Wow, Catholics want to  ban the death penalty!  I never would've thought.         You scored as  Paganism . Your beliefs are most closely aligned with those of paganism, Wicca, or a similar earth-based religion. You may also follow a Native American religion.       Paganism             96%       Satanism             92%       Buddhism             83%       atheism             71%       agnosticism             71%       Islam             63%       Hinduism             63%       Judaism             42%       Christianity             33%        Which religion is the right one for you? (new version)   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	 -I feel like i have no friends I can talk to. (please don't take that personally, it doesn't mean i hate you.) -I've lost the connection I had with my best? friend, because I am a fucking horrible person (in dales words: "if you don't agree don't fucking comment") -I don't have any self-confidence in the things I love to do anymore  acting   writing   dancing   photography  -My family is pretty much fucked up.  You see I am used to those things. So there's really nothing wrong with me, I have a good life, I have no good reason to complain right now, and I'm not. I don't want anything to change really, I mean somethings might be better different but I've gotten over all that. No, nothing is wrong so  don't  ask me if there is.    I'm just sad.  
0	Me and my sister got everything planned out. She'll wake me up at 5 in the morning and we can watch the meteor shower together... but then out of all these nights, it was THIS MORNING where Toronto decided to go foggy!!! Awww.. once in a lifetime chance.... *sniffs* all passed up. And what's even more freaky is that Gina didn't see it cuz of the fog either!!  I'm deciding on the next few songs I'm going to sing. So I'm listening to a lot of Britney to see if there's any sing-worthy (haha) for me! So I'm thinking of singing "Not A Girl, Not Yet A Woman," "Overprotected" and/or "Cinderella." It really depends how it turns out when I do record it. Haha, sounds like Britney day or something... :-)  *MUAH* Eva
1	 Yay! With the help of my friends, I've finally chosen what Xiao You's dress should be like in her 1st open mic night audition. Wanna take a peek at what it looks like?    Take a looksie:  http://bodybody.com/motudr.html     Gosh! It's been so hard finding the perfect dress for Rainie! I think she will become a knockout wearing this! Wonder what Ximen's reaction going to be, like? Stay tuned 'coz that's for the chapter 6 of my baby project! ;p 
1	Okay, can we just never let Mariano Rivera pitch against the Red Sox? They've obviously figured out how to hit him (which puts them one up on the other 28 teams). Derek Jeter saved it all with his walkoff home run (only his second, and his first in the regular season), but damn.  And Hideki Matsui is  still  on a pace to hit 162 home runs. *laughs*
1	I GOT THE CARTOONIST POSITION :D  I'm so happy, I'm going to explode.
1	mmmm  It took me three hours before I noticed the large red envelope with my name scribbled on, lying on the coffee table. A very elaborate card from Hallmark reading:  "A Valentine Message  You are My Love and My Happiness "   Since the day you came into my life I haven't had a single doubt That what I felt for you Was what true love was all about...    And as long as we're together, There's nothing I can't do, For the greatest happiness I've found, I've found in loving you.     Happy  Valentine's Day With Love    The Above Says It All!  To My Darling W.... ... from your loving S  xxx x
0	do u ever feel like your being used?                 or like you're not wanted?                             or just really alone?                      yeah..............................
1	Wow, I went on tickle.com, following H's online adventures, and this is what colour I really am:  You're a bold, confident orange. A warm, powerful colour that indicates a strong, welcoming personality, orange is the mark of people who are social and extroverted by nature. Vibrant, with an upbeat attitude, you have a bright, inviting demeanour. Energetic and fun-loving, you're a real friend-magnet. Your easy charm and unassuming manner make you the sort of person people want to meet and get to know better. Well-rounded and fun to be around, you enjoy helping others, so it's no surprise that orange also symbolises attraction. Orange is an extraordinary colour -- for an extraordinary person.
1	Off to Boston... pray that neither terrorists nor Mother Nature have their way with me.   Bye Vineland!
1	Taxes are done.  Total is not quite $900 back.  I am happy.  I should not be, since it’s MY OWN DAMN MONEY IN THE FIRST PLACE.  Yet I am, because that’s a hefty chunk!  Now, tonight I will mail it, I will wait anxiously for two or three weeks for my checks, then proceed to forget about them, and be delightfully surprised when they arrive, per my normal tax time behavior.  Tonight – COVER LETTER OR ELSE.  Okay, perhaps forum threads, as well.  But mainly cover letter.  And maybe some WoW, if I feel up to it.
1	symphony x on friday soilwork on december 6  yessss, but im not going to the slayer/arch enemy concert on saturday :(
1	As my friend Heather celebrates her birthday today, I looked at the calendar and saw that I will celebrate mine in exactly 12 weeks.  The woman of my dreams--Jennifer Aniston--also celebrates her birthday today: she's 36, while Heather is 26.  Kind of ironic, huh?  Jennifer is 5 years and 12 weeks older than I am, while Heather is 5 years and 12 weeks younger than me.
0	Holidays suck.  Everyone's off doing something with family or friends, and I'm not.  If I was working it wouldn't be so bad -- I'd probably work during the holiday.  As it is, I have a whole day to sit here and think about how I wish I was doing something... remember holidays from the past couple years... miss seeing Andrea's cousins (never thought THAT would happen =P).  Ugh.  Well, at least I can't think of any more holidays coming up soon.  Halloween we have a con for, so that won't be so bad.  I just hope I find someone who's willing take me in for Thanksgiving, or that'll suck a LOT.  The concert the other day threw off my sleeping schedule just a bit.  I've been sleeping from 7am - 3pm pretty regularly since.  Is that bad?
1	Today was good...I felt really happy...no reason really, because I really didn't do much of anything....it was just a nice day.... I switched today, so I don't have to go into work today...sweetness...... I'm so excited to be picking up my brother on thursday. A whole week with my bro!!! I guess I should probably clean or something :)............... I'v been reading in Ecclesiastes...it's a good book you all should read it :).... Well anyway back to cleaning.................
1	I may have played bad in the game tonight.  But getting the win FINALLY against the Wings is a great feeling.  Ever since they let me go, I've wanted to win against them so badly.  In the 6 or 7 games I've played against them, nothing better than a tie.  It was an ugly game.  I made some mistakes and then I made some great saves.  It wasn't a shutout or anything fancy like Brent's game last night, but its a win.  A win over our division rivals.  And most importantly to me, it proves I can beat the Wings.  Drapes scored on me AGAIN though.  I think he's scored a goal in every game against me.  It doesn't matter though.  I know he likes that.   Just don't tell him I let him.   Hopefully, this high can continue.  :-)
1	It's a slow day but I'm not complaining, tomorrow I'm off to my 3 day out of town vacation. Yay!   This morning I drove myself to the mall because I needed to buy a rechargable battery for my new digicam but it turned out all the malls in our area was closed.   Yes, I now have my own digital camera its a Canon Powershot A85 bought it yesterday. It was a sudden purchase because I couldn't borrow my sister's camera (freakin' bitch!) and I needed one for my upcoming vacation. Anyway, it was fine by me because the camera has been in my must-buy-list for the longest time, so I'm happy I finally bought it!  Still haven't packed my stuff for tomorrow, we need to be at the airport real early. I have already made a mental list of things that I would bring, just need to put all of them in one bag. One really BIG bag.
0	 Today is a said day. It was my last day at the Science thing. Which means it was my last day with Treffyn.*sigh* I spent most of the day semi-watching&nbsp;him or stearing at him. When we were in a brake beween thing he turned around and talked to me and asked my option of something. I love him! Well at the end of the day, when he marked the role, he looked up at me and said "Alexis, I've marked you here". It may not seem much to you, but he remembered my name, which  is   something,   considering  he still could not tell David and James apart. I'm going to join the Young Scientists of Australia, one because he is in it and, two because i get to go to cool places with people who share my interests. But mainly him. Oh i'm going to miss him! Treffyn. Such a lovely name.    Exercise daily. Eat wisely. Die anyway. -  Anon  
1	I got my doppler from     http://bellybeats.com   and I will tell you what ladies, this thing is awesome. You can hear your baby from as early as 8-10 weeks.  I teared up and can't stop listening! It's amazing!!!  :edit:  For all you ladies who say it's really hard to find it before 12 weeks, it's really not if you look for it.  My mom is an OB nurse, and she found  mine  and the babies.         x-posted to nov2005babies
1	Four more bus rides.. Four more subways.. Four more street cars..  92 more little boogers until March Break.  WOO HOO.    And now..off to fill out my March Madness bracket.  How come there's a 'dirty' mood, but not a clean one?  I just had a shower.
1	    e  x  a  m  s  are  d  o  n  e   &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   Ex am s  Ar e D o ne      e x A M s  are   dON  e  &nbsp;  EXAMS ARE DoNE     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;  eXa ms  aR E dO N e 
1	  TODAY  SEX good food SEX nap SEX more good food some stimulating drinks SEX snuggle time romantic evening out cocktails for 2 home SEX,SEX and (maybe) SEX!               
0	I dislike default settings but it works better than Disjointed for me. I still need to fiddle with the colors, maybe make them less painfull or more painfull. I havn't decided.    Weeee Idea, I should write a story or a book or something out of all of my dreams I have documented here... Wow that would be cool. Tell me what you think....(Secret ego check to see if anyone likes me, not like I advertise this page and only have 2 friends on here....)  
1	After the transcription buffer was discolored, and my protein leaked out and I had to use 6 month old stuff, and I got yelled at for using isotope cause my prof forgot to officially list a "babysitter" for me, and my gel ripped when I was preparing it for drying, AND the phosphor screens had giant yellow wet spots in the middle of them, somehow I still managed to get good data, go figure.    So this weekend was fun, saw Sahara, fun adventure, not serious or deep, just mindless fun.  Also went mini-golfing, embassy oaks is a hard course.  High score wins right?  *EDIT*  My ability to drink with professors continues, today new prof buying, prof/student ratio: 5/3.  I love Trinity. :)
1	sweet pandemonium  Today tomorrow seems so far away And the wait in vain, yeah So safe, in the blinding light of love unchained In yesterday's grave, yeah  The truth that could set souls free Is buried within sweet pandemonium Concealed by disbelief The riddle stays veiled in sweet pandemonium  Afraid that everything remains unchanged In this fragile dream, yeah Ashamed of the shattered remains Of promises made, yeah  The truth that could set souls free Is buried within sweet pandemonium Concealed by disbelief The riddle stays veiled in sweet pandemonium  Drained by the anger and grief Fazed by the envy and greed  The secret cries for a release The lucidity hidden deep in sweet pandemonium  The truth that could set souls free Is buried within sweet pandemonium Concealed by disbelief The riddle stays veiled in sweet pandemonium  -HIM
1	Met a girl on Friday through a mutual friend...We're 'dating'. She's very smart, intensely weird, funny, and named after Ashley from Gone with the Wind.   Yes, I'm really, really sure she's a girl.   Tonight: movies, pizza, and beer(beer for her, anyway).
1	last night was a lot of fun went over kelly played kemps with her sister her brother and her. yea yea fun night then today had baseball at 11 that was good but i dont like waking up early i guess 10 isnt that early but i wanted to sleep in....  going to the y now then who knows about tonight well see
1	Phil is back from Iraq.   It's St. Patrick's aka Drinkin' For No Reason Day.  Posky's (probably) getting married within the next year or so (according to his livejournal).   I aced the shit out of my copy editing midterm.   I can move shit into my new "home" starting on Monday.   My car is starting to run a little better.   I'm actually saving more money than I'm spending.   Yes.
1	  Rainbow      ?? Which Natural Wonder Or Disaster Are You ??     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	New phone was delivered to work today. Battery is charged, it's good to go. And my f***ing sim card is at home in my old phone. First time I've ever forgotten it.   Anyway, still should eBay it. But to make up I've cancelled my Nintendo DS pre-order which is saving me £160. I know, I know. I could be £310 if I sell the phone.   But I don't want to and we all knew that'd happen.  ;o)
0	I dont need this extra stress in my life.   I dont need men. or anyone.   players.. relationships..love. sex.. dating. fuck it all. I dont need this.  fuck this pain in my eyes.  i am borrowing some electrical engineering books. I have a really good idea but I cant say waht it is because I dont want anyone stealing my idea. now.. i just need to find a plastic-moulding machine of some sort that I can rent for like.. 8 hours.   *ponders*
1	I Fucking Told You So.   Now Fucking Eat it.  Suits you right.
1	I just joined this wonderful community and I thought I'd say hello *waves*. I'm also quite new to the whole LJ idea, having created my LJ only a couple of days ago, so please bear with me if I do something stupid.  This place is wonderful! I am a huge fan of Sir Ian's, and I'm happy to say that I'm one of the fortunate people who enjoyed "Aladdin" at the Old Vic in London. It was an incredible experience! The show was excellent, Sir Ian was magnificient, the rest of the cast were great and I had the time of my life! After the show my friends and I even got to talk to Sir Ian for a moment and he graciously gave us his autograph.  Swoon!  I hope to meet many new friends in here. I'm sure we have a lot to talk about!
0	ah.                so worked sucked tonight. I was so damn tired and it was slow and my stupid regional manager was there which made my manager all uptight which sucks. I am so damn tired but that's my fault.  i tried to stay up so late last night and uh.. getting up in the morning is so hard.  so school.  ya i dont think i'll pass chem OR math. im so worried. I needto atleast pass chem if anything. math would be nice   hell i want to pass both but god.   this is so much harder then i thought and i dont know what to do.   im just not used to being so bad in school.  i had this epithany last night on what i want to do with my life. it was kind of nice.   let alot of stuff out of my head and got the pressure off my life.   so we'll see where it takes me.  i miss stephan tonight really bad. after a bad day ..all i want to do is just lay on the couch with him and watch a stupid movie. k well ill be back later
1	My boyfriend is an angel. He just made me the most amazing romantic candle-light dinner, with all my favorit foods that he went out of his way to get. I don't deserve him.  I am the luckiest girl alive, I tell you.
1	I'm rather excited.  My daughter is going to come home on Friday.    There is still a number of things we have to be cautious of, but I know Jessa will be pleased to see her before she returns home.  Seeing her through a window and holding her are two terribly different things.    Lycaon? Narcissa? Bill?  Will any of you be stopping by to see her?
1	As per  a previous  drool post  I picked up a 6630; it arrived today.  Project for today - get amaretto (Python) installed, demonstrate at least basic "hit this page" functionality, and finish mining       obra   ' s brain for applications and config info :-)  (I spent about an hour, yesterday, snow-blowing access to the house - and look, a cool box showed up!  Maybe if I snowblow some more... Mmm, cargo cult shopping :-)
1	This journal entry is in regards to Saturday: I made Easter egg's with Brittney and the family tonight. Earlier she had visited me at work (an event that always makes me feel special) and extended an invitation to Pat's house for a birthday party. Unfortunately, things didn't work out and I ended up stuck at the house.  When my girlfriend came over everything (as usual) went well, and I got the feeling that my parents like her more everytime they see her, especially my mom. She respects Brittney's faith and sees how happy I am around her. All in all, things rocked harcore style, because Love rocks!
1	I found the manga Chibi and I were looking for so it does exist.  The title is in fact 7x7-D.  Creepy I know.   http://jpqueen.com/onlineshop/productin fo.asp?PID=3362   I'm kinda tempted to order it cause Japanese Manga is WAY prettier than American manga.  My Tokyo Babylon japanese manga is way prettier than my Tokyo Pop version.  The only drawback would be is that I don't have the ability to read it. . . unless it happens to be in English or German which is highly doubtful.  Time for the random lunar quote of the day:  Talon Mine Villager: That jerk Ghaleon crushed the sun-tea I had sitting out. Nall: Ruthless bastard.  - Nall and a Villager, Lunar: Silver Star Story Complete
1	Whenever I'm tired or depressed, I find it helps to spend a few minutes using Google Image Search to view pictures of cornball German 80s rapper Falco.           Ahh.
1	Im learning to drive stick, it went well, i got myself home and then all night terry and i practiced going from stop to first gear.  so that is my excitement for now!          Which Unwanted    Sexual Gesture Are You?       Made by the fine folks at       daylighttwilight.com        gross
1	OKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK  I cant WAIT UNTIL SAT.... I HAVE SUCH A BUSY DAY BECAUSE I HAVE BALL TOSS ITS WERE I THROW BALLS! AND I GET MY PICTURE TAKEN  AHHHHH THEN WE HAVE A PRACTISE THEN I GET TO GO TO THE DANCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	I feel like just crying.     I'll do an actual update later. ;\
1	I've just booked ticket's to see Rod Stewart in Manchester next year!!!  Roll on 5th May 2005!!!  Woooohooooo!!!!!!!!!!!
1	hey all,  so today is Figgity fat tuesday. im doing nothing, not even drinking. i will be smoking the weed tho. cuz im a horrible addicted stoner. i dont know why people down on weed all the time, but i know a lot of respectable people who do smoke weed, lots of successful adults. i dont feel like its bad, i mean people alter thier state of minds all the time, just be glad im not a fucking tweaker. just a boring ol chill stoner.i saw my sister today, she flat out told me that her and her friends talk bad about me on a constint basis, like they have meeting just to talk about how fucked up and what a bitch i am. its lame. eeekkkk cant wait! tommorow it will be one week! ONE WEEK! and ill be 20, i hope i get laid, just good ol fucking on my birthday, that sex thats sooo good you can hardly walk the next day sex. SEX SEX SEX. but see its difficult cuz i want meaningful sex, i want to see that person afterwards, like have a relationship type thing, its wierd. well anyway. ciao all  -amy
0	Ok, so I weighed in tonight and...I GAINED 1.4 lbs.  I'm pissed, I stayed on the lower end of my pts range to make up for the 2 days I went over.  I HATE THIS, I HATE THIS, I HATE THIS.  I've been stuck in this plataeu for MONTHS.  Any suggestions?
0	I'm kinda sad.... my love said he was going to be online all day, but he didn't. I'm so disappointed :( I miss him. i know I'm clingy but i cant help it :(
1	eventually i will update this thing again...but i am still not in the mood to do so. Soooo, if you want to hear about my life, you are just gonna have to talk to me because im just not in the writing mood.
1	Well Im so excited I am watching an old Disney classic. Its called "The Happiest Millionaire". I love this movie. Well today I got regrounded. LOL now I busted my mom's car radiator. How I did that? I still don't know. I was getting gas and then the car smelled like fire and next thing I know there's water everywhere. It was kinda funny lol. Well gotta go.
1	Happy Valentines Day everyone.  I had an alright day.  Not so good in school like always but what can i expect.  However, today is valentines day, and i got a lovely message from my bestest :) Although valentines day isn't my favorite day of february, that would be tomorrow.        I think i'm finally getting over my cold.    i'm so in love  
1	Yes, it's true, Hudson is on the Season 6 dvd...but only if you got the Best Buy version, cuz she's in the BB exclusive set of interviews, on Disc 9, yay!! :) (Just watched it.) She talks about the lasting impact of the series, and also about how special New Zealand is...she's wearing the same black outfit as on the Season 5 interviews; apparently they did the S5 and S6 ones at the same time cuz everyone is wearing their same outfits on the S6 interviews as they were on S5...
1	Today has been the longest day ever, but it will be over soon. Then I can start spring break. I have one class tomorrow and then working at the bookstore. My spring break is looking like it will be really, really fun.    Tomorrow-Little Shop with Angela, Patrick, Bob, Ali, Lauren, Amanda and Nick Saturday-rehersal in the morning and then Rocky at night Sunday-getting my hair cut and going to the band banquet Wednesday-NYC with the people listed above =) Thursday-Amanda's house for a rehersal Friday-Sci Fri Saturday-rehersal in the morning and then 80s Night at Rocky Sunday-St. Pats Parade  I can't wait for my break because I've had the most stressful past few weeks in a long time.
0	I got some bad news today about my grandad hes got to go back in for chemotherpy  I hope he gets better soon.  For everyone that doesnt know hes got a form of Lukemia its an uncurable on though but isnt as dangerous. :(  I havent said anything about this before because It needed time to sink in. Is probably why im feeling so down today :(
1	right now i am in free and i really dont feel like doing any homework so i think that i will just update my livejournal! i am hanging out with kelly weisenburger because she is so awesome! tonight i am going to a work holiday party....yah. i am so excited. (extreme sarcasm) and then i might be going over Lauren's house to watch School of Rock because that movie is kick ass! and then tomorow i am going to play laser tag!!!! i am so excited! i have never played so i am excited! and then on saturday night i am going to the show choir concert. on sunday i am workin from 8:30 til 3. and then hopefully i am hanging out with some of my ladies! :) well i am gonna go and print off some monopoly money with Kelly! toodles!
1	I finally got a descent amount of sleep last night and i feel alot better.  Erica left and went somewhere (?) and so i had the room all to myself for a couple of hours.  I cleaned and watch Moulin Rouge and Sleeping Beauty, fun stuff.  Joey now has oceanic "surroundings".  Pretty nifty.  Well since I'm not on the edge anymore everything's alot better. I've already packed to come see Mitchell.  I'm so excited and can't wait.  He bought me a nighty at the mall with Jenn...I don't really know what to think.  I guess we'll see, after all it is his birthday, 18 baby.  He'll be legal!!!!
1	what a great night. me and pat and dilara rocked the shot a minute of rum, then me, jonathan and josh did a little bit of the beloved "song circle" then we me and mikey took it upon ourselves to have the annual brd riot by ourselves, we threw lots of things we own into the parking lot and broke lots of other things, then we had BRD slumber party 2004. it ruled...shoulda been there kids.   and also mikey is working a tour w/ben folds...die mikey die
0	My best friend at work was fired today. I am unaware of a reason. He has a wife and 2 girls to support. I am extremely sad and morose :(  I hope the company reconsiders this move.
0	OK take that 3 days and make it more like... 3 hours ago. I think, the whole concept of him dieing has not quite sunk in yet.  Maybe a little, but not really. I wish I was there to see it happen.  Here's the story anyways: So hes sitting upright on his bed holding my grandma's hand firmly for a while, being particularly silent.  Then he makes some kind of sound he goes crosseyed for a second (that means he had a stroke).  But apparently hes been so dehydrated lately that his nerve endings are entirely dulled... so we're thinking the stroke didn't hurt very much...which is a good thing.  So for about an hour of sitting upright and not moving or responding to anything, my aunt and grandma hug him for a while and he just gasps for air and dies. At least he died peacefully and without pain.  But that sure as hell isn't gonna stop me from crying.
1	I don't know where Paramount Carowinds is or how to get there (exactly) from here but I must ride this coaster NOW!   Borg Assimilator!   (It's just too bad the website doesn't have a virtual tour or pics or anything).
1	And in the land of star crossed lovers and barren hearted wanderers forever lost in forsaken missives and satan's pull, we seek the unseekable. and we speak the unspeakable. Our hopes gathering dust to dust. In faith, in compassion, and in love
1	Whee! Since I finished so early with my World History project I'm in the computer lab updating my journal. I just tauight Katie how to make one and she's updating too. *smile* Megan and I are totally psyched about the con. I'll see her on Sunday. Saturday i'm going with Jessica and Emma.  Emma recently updated me on the state of the "I-Hate-Sammi" fanclub. Most of the people in it don't even know who I am. Heather Barkowski has brain-washed them. Too bad, I'm suer they're all kind of nice. Other wise I'm practically bouncing off the walls in joy! (or is that with joy?) 18 1/2 half hours until Saturday, 8 AM, when we leave. WHEE  Luv, like it always has been,  Tsu-chan
0	  Im tired of always being sad,and unhappy and then when i am with the one person who makes me most happy i feel like all i do is annoy him.school sucked pretty much all week like it always does. I cannot wait to be out of there. There are way to many people i do not like in there. had a pretty interesting dream i think it was thursday night....i had a dream that i beat the living shit out of someone who&nbsp;will remain nameless and broke their nose. i dunno why im normaly a nonviolent person. my mom lately has been acting like i am just plain annoying to her. and i though i would always have&nbsp; her. i will finally get my fucking photo essay done on tuesday...its so annoying how long it has taken me. i hope my pictures come out ok. or im gonna be pissed. Well kids back into the my little hole i go.      "All i want in life is to be happy"      if anyone wants to hang out call  
1	 EvlDark9: and the way you and andrew are together EvlDark9: it just looks correct   this was from a long time ago...but i was going thru my journal and found it...i like it. it makes me happy :)
0	 Take so much away from inside you Makes no sense you know he can't guide you He's your fucking shoulder to lean on Be strong   She is led to believe  That it'd be okay  Look at your face  Scarred in dismay  But times have changed  And so have you  I think I'd rather Crucify than learn  &lt;3 I want to kill myself and get it over with.   
1	49ers beat the eagles, 49ers beat the eagles. Man what a "could have been" season. I said it once, but 5 of their 8 losses are by 3 points or LESS. Too bad they didn't get rid of that shitty kicker earlier. Oh well. They won the important one *evil grin diyeana*
1	27 TO 10!!!!!!!  EAGLES ARE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!!!!!!!!!!!!  YEAH!!!! GO EAGLES!!!!  SUPERBOWL 39!!!!!   IS THAT ENOUGH EXCLAMATION POINTS?????  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	HAPPY BIRTHDAY BETHANY!!!!!!! HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY ALLISON!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU BOTHHHHHH!    p.s. RENT ON SATURDAY W/ BOOBIE!! EEEEEEEEEE!!!!  p.p.s. *Random Note* the death penalty is never okay. okay???
1	I'm on my way up to Columbus today to begin what I hope to be an amazing Valentine's Day weekend.  (We were forced to postpone due to life infringements.)  However, Snow will be off working tonight, so I'm officially free and lose for the evening.  You have my mobile; I'll be expecting your call.   ~ nogoodnick  
0	i don't know nothing! and , to top it all , i had anervouse breakdown over it, and when i started talking to friedns to cheer up, i got disconected and everyone i talked ot was gone by the time i re-conected....
0	I certainly don't think so, but apparently Tom DeLay does.  Read more about it  here .  Maybe I am biased, but this is quite disgusting.
0	He's gone.  Left this morning for Slovakia and the Worlds.  I'm glad he was invited...  but I already miss him.
1	I did something spontaneous and volunteered to work  this , the Austin Marley Festival, here in Austin this weekend.  I've always wanted to work a music event and, while I'm sure it will be a lot of work, I'm equally certain I am going to have a blast.  If you live in Austin and want to meet me come on by.  My default icon is a fairly recent photo but I now sport a moustache and a pony tail ... just so you know.  I'll probably be wearing a khaki ball cap with a  red  blue 'Yahoo!' logo embroidered on the front.
1	Well last night was cool Went to samanthas that was fun cause i dont get to see her much so i got to see her : ) ! we saw the boogyman- its so scary then we went to krystals and back to her house then andrew justin and another guy came over  That was cool!  then this morning i came home at like 1  I HAD ALOT OF FUN SAM! -Well today ive been sitting around trying to help people out haha !  In a lil while im going to my girl Lauren Murray's and helping her get ready for the Miss Heritage pagent to watch my girls! ee i &lt;3 yall  Then my house afterwards.. Next weekend will be cool. I got a competition. wish me luck! eee! Im out . Peace
1	I got into College Park :)   And Salisbury.  Have yet to hear from UMBC and Towson.  Still need to apply to Frostburg (maybe.)  Time to visit some campuses...  I am making the sweetest cd ever.  It's gonna be old school rap.  So far I have:  mc hammer- cant touch this kriss kross- JUMP tag team-  whoop there it is art of noise- beat box sugarhill gang- rappers delight 69 boyz- tootsie roll salt n pepper- boom! i got your boyfriend  Any suggestions?  Oh and guys, last weekend Irina and I discovered our new hang out place!  Gaithersburg!  The sweetest place in the world.  It's like Ellicott City, it has tons of neat little shops, only there's good stuff in them.  Plus there's a sweet old time-y movie theater, a flipping ice rink, Baja Fresh (!!), Starbucks, flipping EVERYTHING.  I really really like this song.  Even if it is by Vanessa Carlton.  Still can't believe I got into College Park... that made me pretty happy :)
1	Hey all, I know it's been awhile, but I don't easily have access to internet here in Juneau.  Life is going really well, I can honestly say that I'm happier than I have been in a long time.  Juneau is a great city, the Americorps kids are all really cool, my job is fun and I'm dating someone.  So all in all, life is great.  I can't believe I've only been here three weeks, it seems like I've been out here a lot longer.  I'm really glad I am here, I think it is one of the best decisions I have made in a really long time.  The only thing that sucks is that I miss y'all, I really hope people get a chance to come out here and visit, it is so beautiful, you won't want to leave.  Alaska has some weird pull, once you spend some time here you don't wantr to go back "down south."  I could really see myself living here at some point. A'ight, my free minutes at the coffee shop are almost up.  So, I hope y'all will read this...keep in touch 'cause I miss you.
0	Alright, I heard that one of our band died on Friday, right before the game. Scott (Trombonist) died from a heart attack (he had a bad heart with four surgeries in his life). Anyways, at first it was shocking that a young guy like him (17-years-old) died. Now since everyone else is effected by it, I'm effected also. You know that feeling that when one of your friends are upset you feel upset, then your friends feel upset because of you, etc. A chain reaction. There's a funeral on Tuesday and it'll be my second in 4 days. I know everyone is gonna cry or try hard to hold back there tears. It'll have so much affect on me than last time (my great-grandma's death anniversary) since these will be people of my age. Hopefully, I won't cry. I promised myself that I won't cry for someone's death, unless it's me.  Scott, wherever you are, we all hope that you'll be happy.
1	Yea the Spongebob Squarepants Movie has finally came out into theaters!
0	Normally, Im just sad because school has to start and summer is over and that equals bad.   But now I'm sad ON TOP OF being sad.   and that just makes for no fun what-so-ever.  Allie invited me to her house for like 5:30 pm today. So I might do that to keep the sadness levels down.   Megan invited me over to be sad with her today. So i might do that too.  WHO KNOWS.   But I am still a very sad girl.
1	can we all just agree that "babies" spoken word version is the most erotic thing ever?
0	So it was decided by the jurors that Scott Peterson should get the death penalty. I mean I totally think he killed Laci and all...but I just never particularly liked the whole idea of killing someone for killing. isnt that like totally hypocritical? i think it's much more punishment for him to have to stay in prison for the rest of his life without any chance of paroll. cuz once he's dead...he's dead..he wont feel any guilt or anything about what he did. it's a get out of jail free card. but hey that's just my opinion. doesnt matter right?  "An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind." -Gandhi
0	so, i broke my computer, not really sure how, lets just blame my brother.  anyways, it's fixed now, but i have lost EVERYTHING!!! not that i had anything important on it, i just miss my bookmarks and stuff.  that's all.  feel bad for me. mehhhhhh!!!! ~__~
0	    &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    reading is love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator      
1	Hmm, getting ready for Flock tonight and found the pictures of snow from a couple of weeks back on my camera...                 Currently, most of the house is getting ready to leave, I'm geeking briefly and waiting to go :-)  Maco xxxx
1	Haha as you might have guessed that last entry wasn't exactly all me.  Missy got to it haha. Funny girl I &lt;3 her. Had two tests today...can I just say..ugh! But, Hannah, Danielle and I all took a trip so that made the day way better. We ditched one period and part of another to go to Dunkin Donuts, Puritain, the park, and Hanna's house. It was crazy fun with the beats up in Hannah's van.  After school I met Missy at Brooks and we dyed my hair.  We dyed it at my house and hung 'round til she had to leave.  Went to Tyler's for basketball, chill as always. Left for Panera and that was good, baked potato soup Barnes and Nobles where I picked up a wicked sweet journal for all my writings. I love it because it has a motivational three words on the front to keep me writing haha "Publish or Perish" I had a good day,   Much love everyone.
0	For those who hadn't heard. Comedian Mitch Hedberg was found dead in his hotel room I think two days ago in New Jersey. He was 37, and the cause appears to have been heart failure, and whether it was brought on by his known health issue or possible drug use is so far, unknown. He was an awesome comedian, and apparently a great guy too.
1	Muse and Hot Hot HEat were on Daily Download today on Fuse.  Muse talked about their new video for Stockholm Syndrome (the single was released on the 29th of March), which they finished filming yesterday and should be released in about 3 weeks.  They said it takes place on a "weird spiritual TV show", show probably a televangelist freak preaching, where they are performing.  Things gradually start falling apart, resulting in mass chaos and a fair few "tempermental animals", including monkeys and such.  Sounds like a good time, eh?  I actually quite like the first SS video, but this one sounds like it'll be funny, whereas the first one was anything but a bucket of laughs....  I'm excited now.
0	hey, well today was my fifth day home. not that bad really. im trying not to get depressed or anything. its pretty hard. raymond is going out to party at dereks house on friday. hope he has fun. he went to ambers house today and found out that she still likes him so they are not talking anymore. he hung out with justin and matt and dustin as well apparently. wow two weeks of this..... this is gonna be a hoot! well atleast i have tonnes of time to revise for my SAT. thats a plus. and as much ice cream and soup as i can eat.  ok i gotta go love ya hannah 8) (hannibal)
1	  On the breaking news today, I HAVE MY DRIVING LISCENCE ALREADY!!! Yay! Haha... After a long time. Now, whose car am I going to use? Hm....  
1	I'm going to my first ever strip club tonight.  I got my nails done last night, and getting a pedicure, hair and makeup done today.  I am going to look fantastic. :)  I'm sure there might be a picture or two taken.
0	 I just got off the phone with my ex.&nbsp; He just got a new girlfriend and is on the other side of the world.&nbsp; I'm just feeling really brokenhearted right now.           I never knew how much... My body convulses with hurt Can't we go back to this summer? This summer was perfect    Nothing will ever be the same Everything's already changed.    My green eyes cry.    But I'm happy. That's where the tears come from.    This girl is tired.  No more looking at them Sparkly and Bright. Diamonds will get us nowhere.    Some girl will be very happy.  But I'm happy. That's where the tears come from. 
0	            Away   You are 43% OK!           Though a score under 50% may sound bad, you are almost fine. Nothing to worry too much about. You're just away, living in another world apart from this one. You don't like much confusion around you but you definitely have some experience with the adversities of life.  Unless you feel bothered by those weird glances that most people give you, you don't need help. Carry on.                               My test tracked 1 variable How you compared to other people  your age and gender :                                      You scored higher than  23%  on  okness              Link:  The  How Are You?  Test  written by  thyMaster  on  Ok Cupid    
0	And when the blade tears through the flesh, And the crimson tears pour out, you tell me you miss me, You tell me you want to help,  But you can't help someone, not when its your fault, and the harder to try, the more you lie, and the more you hurt me.  Don't tell me you care, don't tell me you're always there, just let me disappear
1	Tomorrow is Marty's birthday.  Yay for Marty.  Happy birthday bro!  I won a flying monkey in the Crane Game.  Yay.
1	 12 more days of school and then work, summer school, and cancun for a week!    p.s what are everyone's summer plans???
0	went to camden... was great, wanderd round on my own most of the day, but thats cool. i got a corset and tryd many others on, i just love them to bits. i also tryd a load of 'gothic' clothing, i absolutly in love with the clothes, so amazing. i love them so much. im so buying lots of clothes!!  i just feel like i fit in with those clothes, like thay are me.. weird really. i finally feel something is me.. wow. i wish i could have hung out with the others, just did feel.. rite, i duno. meh well thts it really.
1	Ok, apparentlly I saw my posts to my new community because I am a  friend of the community, not because I am a friend of myself. Thank you        mforbes321    for pointing that out. So, in responce  to my new knoldge I would like to appologize for not posting this  before. I want to let everyone know that I started a country music  sharing community  country_for_all .  I know all yall arn't into country music but if you know people that  are this community is here, I was looking for it and couldnt find what  I wanted, so I made it.  
0	Asia is breaking my heart.  I'm really thinking of taking a year or so to break from college and do something more important to the world in general. Millions of people are homeless right now. I can't justify sitting in a classroom learning about some stupid theory when people are screaming in pain and agony halfway across the world. I just don't know ... I just don't know.  I need to borrow some ambition, can you take out loans for that? That's all I need right now. Anyone experienced in medicine enough to tell me if there's a pill for temporarily falsified ambition and fearlessness, just enough to jump start the real thing? I need to do this now or I'll regret it my entire life, and I know that.
0	Just a quick update since I'm too lazy to do the full page update on the site tonight.  For those who have been concerned about the wonderful events in my life recently, thanks for the concern.  For those who don't have a clue what the hell I'm talking about, I can summarize by saying that I'm single now and having a generally shitty life in addition to that fact.  Chances are I'll update the site eventually.  Bye
1	Last night I came home from YFC - Camp Rebirth. I can honestly say it changed my life. I met new people and had one of the greatest experiences of my life! Words can't express how i feel..well..it does but im too lazy to type it all..so these pictures should tell you...a picture is worth a thousand words..all in all these pictures have like what..12 000 words or more...haha..                                                                         CHYEA...more pictures coming soon
1	Well, finaly got my nipples peirced and I must say it was the most painful of ALL my peircings.  Though strangely the most rewarding...  So now I have many adornments and I am happy...pictures to come soon or when my pecs are suitable for pictures...anyway, good mood...it's strange and I have typed 13 dots in this post...16...19....BLAST!!!
1	ok.................I FOUND THE PIRATE BAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!it is the best ever........the bar itself is made like a ship......pirates painted on the walls..........we're getting a group together for next thurs.........because there is nothing else to do on thur but 80's night.........no one has an excuse...........arrrrrr..........
1	 AAAH!! I haven't posted for a long time. Guess who's the new school president??? ME!!! I got 88 votes Jesse got 33 votes and Casey got 19 votes. (I go to a private school so there aren't alot of people in the grades that could vote) I'm proud of myself and I finally found happiness in myself. (I know soon i'll be defeated though) My parents are proud of me also. Life is finally good =).
1	Thanks to Chris:  If you read this, you must post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, Good or bad- just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal. See what people remember about you...
1	Now I know most will consider this lame, but Star Wars is a big deal to a little dork like me. If you did not already know, they(Lucas Films) just released the title for Episode III, check out the story  here .   Teehee this just gets me so excited!   =D
1	Mom (after watching  Ellen  commercial): No one knows what Mardi Gras means.  Me: Beads.
0	I didn't make it to the gym today... actually, I could still go, but I would only have about ten minutes to work out before I risk being late for work. Ooops. It simply got too late. I think it's because I rolled out of bed later than usual due to some circumstances.   It's the first time since I started going in the morning that I've missed, so I guess it's no big deal, but I'm still disappointed. If being late for work wasn't the consequence I would still go. I was going to try a spinning class at a different location tomorrow, but that will have to wait until next week I suppose, since today was a lifting day, and it's just not smart to miss a lifting day. So I'll lift tomorrow morning instead.
0	Cathy and the girls just left. Cath called me on her way back to Rosamond today and I said we had apple crisp here so she came here instead of going home. Heh. Gotta love having a dad who likes to bake. So we were hanging out and the girls were running around. I now have bits of carrot and apple all over my room and the kitchen is a mess. Good times. Her internet has been down for days. It's crazy. Moving in a week!    Tomorrow... it'll have been a year. I've been thinking about it all week. Wow. That was a really really bad week. And I cry every time I go back and read these entires.   2004:   Apr. 12  --   Apr. 13  --   Apr. 14  --  Apr. 15  --  Apr. 16  --  Apr. 17a  --   Apr. 17b   Sigh. It's still so awful.    Massive hugs to Cathy and the girls. And much love.
1	If anyone were to doubt how much I enjoyed the Lorien trip, they'd be a fool. However, I cannot say that it isn't ever so wonderful to be home! The familiarity in the trees, the sights and sounds of those I've grown up around! There is something quite pleasant in knowing that each step I take now, I've taken a hundred times before, and shall take a hundred times again. I doubt anyone will get me away from my usual spot beside the Fountain, but in my mind I shall be wandering the rose garden of Lorien. Oh, but my mind is about to burst with ideas I have brought home with me! My poor fingers will be battered by week's end.  I only wish Endea were returning with us. I worry about him so much, especially after what went on during his patrol...
1	won ov my hooman minions is reel guud! they gotted me a 12 mumf payed akount!  i donno hu it wuuds kauz it telled me it wuz anondamus! i lookd and lookd an i kudn fiin wun kalled tht!  but huebver it wuud gonna get sum promutiuns in Nigel Army win i taek obver th wurld!  i miet ebvn shaar suum fuud wif thm.  no i wuudn do tht. win it kums to fuud, i kant shaar numadder wat!  but fanks, hooman! yer a guud hooman! guud guud hooman!  i teech yuu trix now! i ar guud genet too!
0	I missed the bus again no way of getting to school, i feel bad though its pajama day, my mom got a job today is her first day, and well I guess you can say I won't be on for the rest of the day... I don't think anyone but maybe 3 people read my livejournal, its a tad depressing.
0	im to late but cant i still try? i just want this pain to go away. i want to try and help.
1	    The Hong Kong  are another one of those bands that I just kind of stumbled across while trying to find something else. They are hard to categorize, beyond merely the label of "rock." "Mazerati" is a chugging little number that blends equal parts of The B-52's, Blondie, and The Human League; I'm not certain, but I also think that the chorus is borrowing the melody of "Born To Be Wild." "Galaxies" is just as good for all the same reasons, but it is a little more retro-psychedelic. ( Visit  The Hong Kong's online store.)   The Hong Kong - Galaxies   The Hong Kong - Mazerati 
1	The pass opens tuesday and i am going! me and kale and kory it will be sweet love making in the snow!
0	im living  a lie, i have a love who hates me, a son who im horrible too,idlove to die tonight, why should i go on, my son is all i have now. i have replaced myself, i cannot give huim the raising he needs. i cannot be the husband needed. why should i continue.  the eyes of an eagle  as i spread my wings, i raise above the plains, i race for the clouds, and chase the sun,  i fly low, trails on the lake, live for the wind,. touch the heavens, let the spirit be free.  unfinished  open the minds eye, look apon the theater of thought, reach into your self and touch your heart, look apon the world,  feel the spirit,
1	  incubus in 24 hours.        &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      :)        &nbsp; 
1	 i want to write an entry that will astound you to the point where you are so compelled/connected/overjoyed/enraged/en amored/moved by what i've said that you will leave a comment about all the beauty in the world and make me feel like i'm a part of something bigger and better    but all i really have to say is    i just watched oprah with my mom    and in general i'm quite happy 
1	This weekend was amazing. Oh my gosh, I can't wait until this summer! God is doing amazing things and I love to see it all happening around me! I feel like I could just talk forever about the things I learned this weekend. It's so hard to belive it was only 2 days. I wish I could be there forever. Everyone understands, everyone loves everyone, no one cares what you look like... I would love to say more, but i really have to head out! If you ever want to talk let me know! :)
1	The Tedster is now an official member of the work force now.  I got a job at the locally owned sporting goods store. Decent pay and decent hours.  What more could a dude ask for?
0	i've said it before, and i'll say it again: MY LIFE IS A BAD MOVIE.   i was so excited, but you don't even talk to me when i see you. i don't know what to do. blaaaaaahhhhhh.    HAPPY ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY PHILLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	  You're an Oceanid swiming amoung the waves.      What type of Greek Nymph are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla     Going Halloween bowling. More procrastination tomorrow :) Ah! Hermes is eating my wand!
1	* ohh..im in such a good mood.  my gramma took me shoppin today for my birthday (which is in like a month adn a half) and bought me these black boots.  they are so awesome!  i cant wait to wear them. *   * this was such a good weekend. me and jenna and erica spent the night at my friend danielles house who i havent seen in almost a year.  she used to live in fenton but then they moved to farmington.  shes the coolest ever!  we had so so much fun.  I LUV U DANNI! *  * so neways...im goin now. i luv u all. *  ~muahh~
0	i really wish joey would at least ackowledge me...and not in a mean way either, i think he knows i mean well, but apparently he doesnnt know...or care. JEEZ!!!!
1	Tonight I had alot of fun.  This is the first night I've had fun in DC in a long, long, long time.  I'm really glad I had a good time.  I went over to a friends house and then we played Texas Hold Em.  I broke even, which is better than losing money.  Then we went and played darts.  Well thats all for now.  peace  elliott
0	Well, I can't say that I'm exactly happy about how my friends list has swollen in the past few weeks. I'm going to institute dramatic cuts (on the friends list) to ensure that I can still use this to vent on any subject.  Peace Out.  Only people I know personally and trust to a certain fair extent will be allowed to read my LJ.
0	I have been asked why I don't upload here anymore, so I just wanted to  give my LJ a ping. (As if more than three people read this. Ha. Okay.  Four.) reason for not posting is that I would just end up angsting  about school and life, so why worry. Will use this thing again as soon  as I have something interesting to say or post.&nbsp;&nbsp;  
0	NY was AWESOME!!!! i miss it so muchT_T. & i miss all the freinds that i made. i miss them soooo much! i guess its back 2 the old life. i'm making sure that somethings will change, but otherwise...its back 2 slow old this. hW now, & friday is lazer tag. i was @ evan's but cerise got it trouble & made it so that we both had 2 go home. i wish i was back on that trip...  **CHELLE**- she's interesting. she's not what zach all said her 2 be, but kinda is...lol she was fun 2 hang out w/.  KISS  P.s. Mama Mia & Hairspray was great! & singing 4 money was the funnest!!! massages were great 2..lol
0	i`m flying to north dakota tomorrow. i need a break from everything -- and everyone (I MEAN EVERYONE) here.  it`s not what i thought it would be like.  i was looking through old pix and year books from ND, and i`ve never been so depressed.  i swear. when i think of all the good times i had over there, i hate it here. i want to move back.  me and rachel are on a break. she kissed another boy on the mouth. i saw it. i cried. i left school. i called her. i told her we need a break. i hung up. here i am.  i miss everything the way it used to be.  i miss how i lived in north dakota. i miss my old friends. i miss jimi. i miss talking to nichole. i miss everything.
1	I can finally access LJ again. For some odd reason, it's been down for me for the past week. I've missed everyone. *hugs*
1	Woot woot baby! I got to hang out with Trent, David, and Anthony! It was great! We went to the mall for a few hours and just hung out but it was still the best. I love hanging out with friends!  I went to see Junie sing at church and it was very nice. Guess what!?!?! Junie is pregnant!! YAY!!! A BABY A BABY SOMEONE IS HAVING A BABY!!! IM AN AUNTIE!!! BABIEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!! Im so bouncy
1	      Which female character from Final Fantasy 7,8,9 are you??  Go find out  here ! made by       rainecloud   
1	Finally got the layout the way I wanted it! XD *squee*
1	Two updates in as many days!  I must be sick!  ...Well, no, I just have a day off from school, so...  Yay.  And my birthday is in three days!  Woohoo!!!!  And two days after that, maybe, just maybe I'll get to see my Muse.  *Does little happy dance inside her head*  So, yeah, I'll be seventeen!  So I cede this quote to any of you sixteen-year-olds out there who would really appreciate it: «Il n'y a rien de plus poétique, dans la fraîcheur de ses passions, qu'un coeur de seize années.»  —Chateaubriand,  René  On Thursday, I plan to listen to Dancing Queen.  A lot.  ...don't make fun, it has special significance...  *dances around the room*
1	Joe Kidd is on AMC right now, just started - there are some great Clint one-liners (although what movie with him doesn't have great one-liners . . .)
1	I have been slackin' yet again w/ my good ole' LJ!  I have just been swamped with stuff & work has been drama central lately.  Everything is all good though.  I just hope it is actually going to be nice this weekend so I can do something fun!!!  Well back to work for now, I will post a better update later.
1	Me and my friends Molly, Caroline and Alex (of course not my only friends. lol) are writing a story called "When Andrew takes Over the World". =D it's funnn. but all these dumb people wanna write with us too. Like Sadie (with her dream sticks. lol. more about that in the next paragraph.) and Melisa and Nicollette. And when Sadie wanted to write too, Molly was just like "Umm... sweetie, no." We might have to meet other times then in school to write our story. =P on the weekends or something. But some of those little burgishfurtals won't leave us alone. &gt;=O Lili is nice again. It's not that she was mean it's just we didn't get along. =) I'm too lazy to tell you about sadie's dreamsticks. but KT can tell you if she posts in the comments. =D please KT?
0	Well, tonight was shitty. Spent the afternoon with Shelly. That was fun. But today I had to take Pepper in to the Vet again. They're keeping her overnight to pump her full of antibiotics and fluids. BUT...while I was getting ready for work, I got a phonecall from my mom after getting a phonecall from the Vet. Basically it went like this...  Mom: "You might want to stop by the vet hospital..Pepper might not make it through the night." Me: ...........  Pepper's not doing good, but is looking a bit more alert than earlier today. Still she's not out of the woods. It just depends on how much more she wants to fight. So yeah, I'm still not feeling that great and that piece of news on top of that AND I still went into work. I think it was one of my worst days so far.   *nods*
1	I just found out that Malachi Gentry Trent was born on Monday, November 29th, 2004 at 11:00pm.  He weighed 8lbs. 3oz.  Now, all I know is that he is on a ventilator and the complications he is having, is to be expected.  Now, we just have to see what happens between surgeries.  I'm going home this weekend to see Malachi, and his parents.  I'm excited!  I can spoil this one, like I do his brother Micah!!!   &lt;&gt;
1	From my first real Christmas dinner:       I pull funny faces:          Getting cleaned up after all the excitement:      
1	So after doing shooting for EVER i realized the real april fools was that we can all shoot but we were just messing with Elkie...  But i am totally pumped for the game...Thea fuck elkie you are my leader...you pump me up and hopefully i the same for you at times...LEts kick butt today!!  Okay so last night when to PJ's house...bonfire was a nice touch to quality chilaxin. A bunch of people who i dont usually hang out where there and it was a nice change of pace. LAUREN HAMLIN is my new FAV person...I have to hang out with her the whole summer...OMG I LOVE THAT CHIC!!!  I kinda cracked under the pressure but not really...it will hold me over till prom...  You dont need drinking to have fun kids...  okay well i am covered in dirt and i smell...and i am tired and i have SOOOO much hw that i am going to try and knock out right now...  love you all  Lets go get'em girls!!  ADIOS
0	Battle Without Honor or Humanity - Tomoyasu Hotei Under The Gun - Supreme Beings Of Leisure Deep Sun (with intro) - The New Deal Rez / Cowgirl (live) - Underworld Fuck Me Harder (Thunderpuss Club Mix) - Barry Harris & Chris Cox Blood Is Pumping (Pumpin' Club Mix) - Voodoo & Serano Technobeam - The New Deal Conga Fury (Animatrix Mix) - Juno Reactor Spybreak! (Short One) - Propellerheads Mona Lisa Overdrive - Don Davis & Juno Reactor
0	 Title:   Empty Rooms  Community:         ginevra100     Challenge:   The Burrow  Word Count:  100  Characters:   Ginny (mention of Ron, Fred and George)       The worn stairs creak as she makes her way up them.    Below there is the sound of hushed voices talking in the living room.    She pauses a moment at the top to let her finger linger on the railing.    She remembers one Summer, long ago, when Ron got his head caught between the banisters, the result of a dare issued by Fred and George.    The memory makes her want to laugh.             Instead she starts crying.      She leans against the wall trying to stifle her sobs, unmindful of her black dress picking up dust.      The Burrow has never felt so empty. 
1	Yeay!  Finally I have a weekend where intense labour is not involved. I am going to sleep in and be lazy. Get to do day activities with the boy, which is very rare, as my weekends are not usually held on weekends. Get to visit with family and (gasp...can it be?) actually finish unpacking my new place.   I am so happy
0	i am sooo bored....       somebody come hang out with me!!!!!!!!!!
0	..... I'm finally back home again.  Konoha was a disaster.  Akuma-sensei drug us back right after...I can't even put my words together clearly right now.  I should be in bed sleeping or taking a hot bath.  I'm just glad to be in our own bed, in our own apartment....I'm so glad Kaga is here.  I didn't get to say goodbye to Yasuo.
0	I wanna go draw in the oekaki, but for some reason, it won't show up! ;_; My internet sux! *kicks comp many times* I wanna go draw!  Well, apart from that, I have a few ideas for my site: Catlight = where I'll put all my stuff [no name yet] = a clamp shrine and maybe a hanagata shrine! [can't belive there are none on the net]
0	Well yesterday I had a bad day.....one of my exes came in to the store. i wanted to walk out. but i stayed and finished my shift. then i started on the beer and got so drunk. started to wish that my friend marty was here. i miss him so much.
1	I'm wearing my pretty new purple and black flowery skirt (which I'll be wearing to the christening on Saturday - did I mention I'll be a godmother to all three of Belinda's kids?) and feeling pretty. Gotta go shopping for presents for them....I hope I find what I want quickly.  How unlike me to leave it to the last minute!
1	I'm  "Still Smiling"  about my birthday weekend.  A lot of fun, it was!  So I wrote about it some more.
0	I had an "Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers" T-shirt.  I had a Kochanski polo shirt from an offer in one of the old videos back in the mid-90's.  I now have neither after two ex-boyfriends have both nicked off with one each...  I thought I could replace them but even eBay is failing me.  Vicki sad! :(
1	London... here I come! Back on Thursday: assessed, screened, interviewed & hopefully hired. Pray hard for me, please.
0	why is no one here? why is no one here to get wasted with? i need to drink... heavily.
1	Yesterday I got the insurance pre-approval for the Gastric Bypass Surgery. My surgeon's office says I will have a surgical date by next Friday, and probably have surgery in mid to late November.
1	quick update, I'll post another later tonight....maybe  Picked up my new car yesterday(a '99 oldsmobile intrigue) and I couldn't get car insurance today.  Being unable to drive my car to work yesterday was pretty frustrating.  So far I'm loving it, it is definately better than what I've been driving lately.  Even my mom's old truck was better than my old car.  Thanks again, mom!
0	Today is Michele's last day at work. I am so sad! She's really great and we've become pretty good friends so it's sad to know that she isn't going to be here to keep me company and visit me for then next two days. What's a girl to do. Atleast i have her on MSN so we can keep chatting and we both have Fridays off so we can go for visit and I can finally meet the infamous Andrew and she can see Jason again!! We also have strip club night planned in Kitchener..so if anyone is around there...you should come! Anyway, so long Michele...try not to spill anything on your pants!
0	*insert laugh track*  i still don't like it much, even though it gave me the night off.  at least if i was an endendured servant, i'd have something to work towards. i wonder what i missed growing up that made me take this route. hmm. i'm not very resourceful. not a lot of things. am a few. suppose. bah.  i could barely pull myself out of bed tonight. those blankets and how they whisper sweet nothings in my ear. at this point, i'm foolish enough to believe them. i want to believe them. i know it sounds crazy. i fear this is true. just tucked away in bed, unaware of the world outside - mindful of it a little, but definetly not seeing past the bullshit of my own. thick.  i wish i could drive my ride to the middle of the ocean and just let it sink. on the way down.   tonight, i wish I was&nbsp;your booty call.  Diego
1	quite the story, indeed.    I had a feeling it would turn out this way all along, but thought better than to expect anything (you know what they say about expectations).    the expression on his face was more real and more beautiful than anything I have seen there in a very, very long time.  it lasted for hours as he told and retold stories from the evening, not once losing any bit of enthusiasm.  I have been learning a lot lately.  A LOT.  and last night it was that sometimes, witnessing another person's happiness can feel better than experiencing your own.   I'm still smiling too.
0	Reality conspires against me.  I was planning to be in the Boston area all weekend to do some much needed catching up with a host of friends in that area and pay a visit to one specific person in post-op recovery.  Now, thanks to the dual hindrances of personal finance and a notable lack of dog-watchers, it appears I won't be in Boston this weekend after all.  This also means that  Enmascarado's  pipes will not be liberated from their imprisonment in Otis and returned to their sovereign nation of his apartment any time soon.  Bleah.
1	This morning I downloaded the new Backstreet Boys song, it's nice ^^ Aj's style of singing has changed a bit cuz it's more mature now ^.^ Nick sounds the same still lol. The main vocals are AJ and Nick. I can't wait to hear Brian sing *^_^* keke, he's such an angel. I'm listening to the song on repeat. It's a really nice song, good lyrics and it's just the best style of music that suits only them. I can't wait until the album comes out XD  Oh. I got a haircut yesturday.. it's the shortest cut I've ever gotten...=\ I like the style but I don't know if it suits me..^^;; Maybe it's because I'm use to looking at myself with long hair.
0	  You are sad because of your life and obsession with death      Why are you sad? [amazing pictures] For darker people     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	  Fire Goddess      What Elemental Goddess Are You? (Earth, Fire, Wind, Water) + Pictures +     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	There's this  really good article  where this guy wonders aloud why there are still so many Windows users after security bug after security bug after virus after spyware after worm after virus... He probably won't turn any heads, but he is raising a toast to the  Mac mini  in hopes it'll convince people who are fed up with Windows...  Jenn, you ARE getting that computer, even if I have to buy you one myself! ;-)
1	So, three and a half months ago, I was homeless, i had few friends that I got along with, no money, no job, and I was always sick. Today, I am the opposite. I have tons of new friends, I am in a different band that is way cooler than the other fucking douche bag band I was in, I have money, I have a job, I am not homeless, In fact I have two places I can live right now, I have a beautiful girlfriend, and I have a beautiful girlfriend (woops, did I say that twice...). I am the happiest person alive right now. I just need to be on stage and I could take the world...
1	Swim with mike was this morning, it was SOO fcking long!  I'm serious, we got there at 10:30 & didn't leave until 3.  Stupid football players scrimaging forever and ever & making the rest of us roast for an extra hour & a half.  So now I'm definately pretty pink.  In other news I went to the Dodger's game last night with Ben.  It was Jackie Robinson day.  It was really pretty cool.  I decided that I don't really hate major league baseball, but it's still not my favorite sport or anything.  Tonite's the formal & I'm going with Ben (who'd've thunk that I'd finally be taking my boyfriend to a formal - hehe!)  Time to go shower n such.  It should be fun - yay!
1	the last few days have been awesome  wild time with rach......... piercing and tattoo party time with geri........ beer pong w/ brett and billy in my basement! crazy time with sasha....... finding a new spot quality time with family.... seeing my favorite show  what more could i ask for??   keep the good times rollin'  ~LRR
1	who's got a 6 week internship??? IIIIVVEE got a 6 week internship??  who's gonna make some $$ this summer?? IIIMMM gonna make sum money this summer...   go tufted titmice!
1	For a few days, we've wondered whether Shirou's grins have been "real" or "just gas."  Last night, though, it was definitely NOT gas.  Shirou was smiling like crazy while Dale talked to him.  It was so cute!  We were enjoying it too much to grab a camera in time, so everyone else will just have to wait to see it.  His entire face just lights up, and he opens his mouth so we can see his gums.  Adorable!  However, Shirou has been rather difficult to get to sleep recently.  Once he's down, he'll sleep for about 3 hours or more, but he's mysteriously stopped falling asleep by himself.  I'll be going back to work in 2 weeks, so we're trying some new strategies for getting him to fall asleep alone.  (I can't sit up all night consoling him.)
1	OK well its official I am now a huge fan of HIM and the Rasmus... if you havent heard of them DAMMIT you are missing out... Listen to one of their songs and you will fall in love too... the lead singers of each band are hott... except in the Rasmus the drummer Aki is f***ing gorgeous.. oh my goodness I would f**k him in a second... well Im going to watch their video now so bye bye
1	  HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMMA!!!       &nbsp;     Happy Halloween everyone else!       &nbsp;     i love you tyler!!!!  
1	yyyyaaayyyyy!!!! Hanson on the radio aaaggggaaiiinn!!!! muah muaahh... i love ya all guuuyyysss!!!!!
1	Yee Haw!  We have passed this round in our accreditation carousel and my small part of the pie got 100% compliance! (sorry for the mixed metaphors)  Now, I can have a life and Radboy won't have to worry about me waking him up at 4:30 a.m. as I leave for the office!  And I get to catch back up on the all the stuff I have been missing on LJ too!  Tomorrow I turn the big 39 - I have found that my life has only gotten better as I have gotten older, so I keep looking forward to my birthday.  Of course, it does help that Radboy is younger...keeps me young too!  His birthday is later in the month, so for a few days, I get to be the even  older  woman - lucky me!  So, to celebrate, the penguins are singing They Might be Giants...everybody sing -   You are older than you ever were and now you're even older and now you're even older and you're older still.... 
0	    I'll try to write ...but my english is terrible...       Last night i tried to go to the movie and watch "Alexander" ...I didn't go with my sister because i had already told to a friend&nbsp; that we could go together....but i called her last night and she told me she was leaving&nbsp;with her bf to see the movie...    ME: What? ..........    So i didn't see the movie, but i don't wanna see it anymore!          My sister told me everything...the movie sux! (Sorry) It's tooo long and tooo boring. And it has some scenes with death of animals ( Alexander's horse..and a cow or bull...) that is very&nbsp; sad...really sad. =/    This sux, because i wanted to see it....but unfortunately now...i don't think so. =c/  Maybe on DVD...but skipping some scenes....like the animal's death.       Jared was gorgeous! But...he IS gorgeous! ^_^ 
0	Inexplicably, depression has hit me.  And has hit me good.   I bought stamps today.  Maybe this will help.
1	     What kind of disease  are  you?  hatake:        hatake is caused by Satan.              hatake will slowly turn infected subject into a dinosaur. To cure hatake, light self on fire.         Name?        
0	dammit, i cant fall asleep.... all these thoughts about today keep going through my head. i dunno what to do..  but, im still gonna do what i do on sunday mornings, why? becuz thats the way i am. and i love her.. *sniff*..  my phone never rang either. :'(
0	You know what's annoying? I know this sounds really sad for some of you who don't have the same taste in music as I do, but Kelly Clarkson will be touring when I have exams! Why??? Why??? I would LOVE to go see her in concert. There aren't a lot of people out there I like anymore and actually BUY their albums, and she has to be touring when I have exams. She's actually coming to Toronto AND London, but the London concert will be taking place when I am in an exam. So sad!
0	I've finally got at a job and i've been there 3 day's so far, I'm knacked cause i'm not used to the early mornings.  George W Bush was made President of the United States again today.  Man utd won 4 - 1 against Sparta Prague. Rudd Van Neistolrory got all four goals.  Paramedics Assesment tomorrow.  My hours for work are Mon - Friday 8:25 - 17:40                       Thursdays 8:25 - 17:10                       ocassional Sundays 10:25 - 16:40  this week my hours are Monday - Wed,Friday 8:55 - 17:40                         Thursday off sick                        Saturday off                        Sunday 10:25 - 16:40                        Monday - Wed, Friday 8:25- 17:40                        Thursday off                        Saturday & Sunday off.  I am gonna be knacked for christmas.
1	SCHOOLS OVER! Well for a week... Better than a teacher work day.... I'm excited. We will hang out. And when I say we I mean you and I. Soccer at RYSA starts next week. I'm excited. Well Call my cell If you want to hang out. 770 842 9244
1	Tis finally here, the day strangely beckons me every year, my birthday. Yus my 15th birthday has arrived at long last and I am very excited. I have got a lot of good presents but nothing tops C's gift back with a card signed by none other than his aunt and uncle, how lucky am I?!?!. Altho a pleasant day that it has been it has been slightly ruined by someone who i shall not name - Mareez !!! who shockingly didnt believe that it was my birthday today, how rude!! and it finally took our form teacher to tell her otherwise which resulted in a shower of apologies which being a kind person accepted, Anyhoo woohay, hope everyone else has a good day today!!
0	at least things with mom did went well, but I feel still shit. I wish I would been never born at all
0	Well, this is how my day went:  Block 1: Math...fell asleep as usual. Nothing else really happened. Block 2: English...pretty good class. I like my teacher so that's what makes it ok.  Block 3: PE...absolutley HATE it. For many reasons I don't really want to mention... Block 4: Spanish...such a boring class. Don't know any one, so all I do is stare at the clock waiting for 2:00 to come  I'm really feeling more depressed lately. I feel so sad, I just cant take it anymore. I really want to die. Like I said before, I can be with my Dad and Grandfather. I don't even know if I believe in the whole "heaven" thing though. I really want to, because that is my only way out from this misery...and a chance of seeing my dad again.  Ehh I don't know. I just don't know.
0	 Wil Wheaton  wrote about his cat Felix today.  This is why I don't have a pet and this is why I don't watch Animal ER on TV.  And I can't stop crying.  RIP, Felix.
1	 So, friday calls for just one more thing before I go home.  Music.  Three tunes for friday:  First up Galvanise by the Chemical Brothers.  Wow what a tune.   http://s18.yousendit.com/d.aspx?id=3QZW XIDGVQ1UT23PJ56DEM07OG   Second Kodoku no Angel by Priss & The Replicants, bonus prize to the person who can tell me which anime it comes from (not difficult).   http://s18.yousendit.com/d.aspx?id=055E UOT4X9XHB07O9BASM13PXR   Finally White Houses by Vanessa Carlton, her most recent album (Harmonium) has really impressed me a lot and I love this song.   http://s18.yousendit.com/d.aspx?id=3L1U K00E9RX7Z2833H6LBJRQQE   So, have a good weekend party people.  |Steve | Out | 
1	Hodown was amazing except that Lillian, Callie, Jordan and Miky got lost and didn't make it and no one was sober enough to give directions. I'm really sorry guys, I could barely even hear any of you on the phone and no one I talked to could, or would (Andrew Williamson), give directions.   It wasn't as cold as everyone thought it was going to be. And it didn't seem like there were that many people there.   I don't think the Juniors could have made it more confusing to get there though.  There were so many badass aspects of Hodown that all I can say to sum it up is that it was really fun and "for sure" worth it.   I've realized that for all of those people that disappoint you and let you down, there are that many different people who will surprise you and make you forget about those others. I am thankful for those people that don't disappoint me. I love you.
0	Every year I vow that the holiday season will be different.  But it never is.  I just want it over with already.  Can't I just sleep through it?
1	    A lovely Bible Study tonight even though there were only 4 of us. It was still good times.      Lots of fun tonight with my Photobucket Buddies and some others on Yahoo!messenger      I love my friends! *hugs*       
1	So it's official, from March 3rd-7th I'll be at Rutgers!!! WHOO HOO!!!   I am so excited!! After a nine month absence I am looking forward to getting to see people whom I haven't been in contact with for quite some time. I really do miss you all!!  It will be so much fun to see everyone, so if you want to meet up in good ol' New Brunswick, let me know!!
0	my fight was so long but i watched tv and eat so it wasn't so boring.  in the morning on this saturday everything will be just the same as i went to Boston... only more stuff and i won't come back (this fast).
1	  Hey! Good news Arafat died!! Yay that ugly Motherfucker who killed more than half of his country and someother people!! I am so happy that guy should brun in hell for what he did!! This is turning out to be the best day; im going to disneyland tommorrow AND Arafat died!! Cool!!!!      C YA!!!!  
1	I have been so busy!  This Easter I'm taking an Alaskan cruise.  I can't wait!  :o)
0	Today was a very busy day. I had a lot of homework to get done for each class. It was my goal to finish an application for a scholarship from the math dept. It was such an easy application (for at least $1000) and it was due today. I blame working on not being able to finish it. I never work on Fri. I've never filled out a scholarship app. before, so I'm really disappointed. Maybe now that all my green is gone I can focus on earning other scholarships...bigger and better ones.
1	For those of you who don't know..recently i've been getting acquainted with a girl on the Internet. This wonderful, gorgeous girl goes by the name of Claire. We've been getting on very well and i'm hoping this could blossom into something quite special. Here's hoping. Next step is to meet her in person. Better be soon because i'm itching to see her and i'm hoping she feels the same. Watch this space, i might post a pic if she gives me permission. :p  Now i have to ..er..return some video tapes. 
1	whey, I opened the Christmas presents under the tree, i got lots and lots of nice ones
0	So today I had my monthly meeting. Bleh...it was a short meeting. We had a co-worker pass away this past weekend...very sad. I can't say much about it...other than it has created a somber feeling inside myself and others.  I will remember his smile.  On another note, I'm just so comfortable in life. I have not has anything distract me (in the negative) for awhile. And anything this is/has been, I've ignored and just brushed away. I'm very content in life right now. I've found some peace.  As far as my love life...LOL! DEAR GOODNESS! Is there anyone out there that will not be filled with drama????? I guess not. I mean relationships in general are filled with drama. Oh well. I'll keep my eyes open...who knows something might happen and maybe...just maybe I'll find someone worth my patience again.  Nothing really to say...just out and about doing nothing. Waiting for my check at school with my buddy...in the library doing nothing. bleh.
1	I am SUPER excited!  *skips around singing 'the sun will come out tomorrow'* (I'm not sure why that song is so stuck in my head, lol)  Jason and I are going out of town for a mini vacation!  We are leaving early Friday morning and driving to southern Indiana.  It's right near the border of Kentucky!  We decided, mutually, that we were going to use some of our debt money to get away together.  I'm SO excited!!!!!!!!!!!!  Here's where we are staying:  http://www.bbonline.com/in/honeymoon/ro oms.html   Aren't these rooms Fantastic?  You, literally, get to feel like you're in a different era.  This is a dream thing for me.  I found this website accidently.  We are staying in Spurgeon room on Friday night and the Foster room on Saturday night if he can get time off from Pizza Hut.  Could any of you pray that he gets the time off?  That would be SUPER!
1	MxPx last night was so much fun. Definettly the best i have been to of theres. they played a bunch of older stuff including a couple of songs off there first album. I am gonna try go to go tonight too but i am not sure if i can. Things are going so well this week.
1	OMG my husband just heard on the radio that TWS just finished recording their new CD in just 10 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
0	damn im all sad now why do i start talking about these thing/?????
1	  &nbsp;heyy theres me!!!! yayayyayaya im famous !!!!!!!!! they love me the really really love me:) heyy heyy also im with autumn lol were havin a blast-o-rama come join all you have tyo do is be 18 years or yonger so i dont bring poeple that will rape me&nbsp;&nbsp; yayayayyayayayayyaya lol love ya (818)312-0787    &nbsp;    &nbsp;    yaha 
0	Concede? Why did he concede? I haven't conceded. The rest of us haven't conceded.   I'm in a pretty high state of denial here.  And who are you people who voted for the gay marriage ban? "The people have spoken" my ass. You aren't my people. Let my people go, goddammit.
0	I suddenly feel quite lonely. It looks like the only two friends that I have will be leaving after this semester: one for Florida and the other for Boston. So, again I will have no friends here. :( On top of it all I get the feeling that one of them is avoiding me. This year is looking like it's going to suck.
1	I wasn't going to bother writing in this anymore; in fact I said that awhile ago. I was however requested by Josh to write something for his reading enjoyment. So, here's to you, kid.   I guess I should first mention that Joe and I are once again together, for the thrid time now. This is quite the record for me and it should go in the Guiness Book of World Records if you ask me. This whole thing came about on April 10th at approximately 12:02 am. Ironic that that was the day we started dating the first time exactly one year ago? I think so. I guarentee it was not planned, was not even thought about. Just happened.This time around is going to be different. Very much so; but in the best way.  I don't know what to write anymore. Sorry Josh. Maybe I can think of some things later.   Trace
1	For those of you in or near Texas (or who can get here):   The SXSW (South by Southwest) line-up has been announced! And there are actually a good number of bands from Japan on the list, the most important (in my opinion) being THE PILLOWS!!! And BONNIE PINK!  Other bands from Japan include: Clara Bell, Bleach, DMBQ, Electric Eel Shock, The Emeralds, Fantasy's Core, Gitogito Hustler, Titan Go King's, Guitar Wolf, The Hot Shots,  i-dep, Mono, Noodles, Petty Booka, Shonen Knife, Suns Owl, and Zanzo.   You can see the rest of the list here  http://2005.sxsw.com/music/festival/   (it's a LONG list).   Apparently last year they had 'Japan Night' where they showcased the Japanese bands, so they might do the same this year. I've heard that the armbands are going to be around $125 this time around, which seems like a lot-- but remember, this is 4 days worth of music. Plus, the Pillows! You can't beat that with a stick!
1	 http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/de tail/-/B0007R083A/qid=1112633421/sr=1-1/r ef=sr_1_1/104-6497031-2811933?v=glance&s=dvd 
0	*following his  chat  with Maglor, goes looking for Mirimë*  *is not a happy big brother, oh no*
1	I'M so bored it isn't even funny anymore. The highlight of my day is doing the dishes. It's past time that I get something to do again. University starts October 4th, so another month to go. Arrrrrrrgh, it's driving me nuts.  I've also got stomach pain for some days but I'm not going to the doctor. Nope. Not me *shakes head* It's probably my back again that causes the pain. Bah *grumbles*  Something positive: we didn't lose against Brazil yesterday. *jumps up and down and dances through room* I'm talking about soccer. Usually they pretty much suck but hey 1:1. What else could we want?! My father didn't even yell at the TV and that'll mean something ;o)  I'm gonna go be bored again
0	  I guess I'll use "fall" colors. I'm really missing Granny Gregg. I don't know why. I've been thinking about it since it happened, and there are so many things that I regret not doing. Like, hugging her in the hospital, or often. I don't know. I really feel bad and I can't understand why God would take her away since she was so needed. But, I'm not going to question it. Rachel and I were talking the other day. And we were talking about that. Well, if I wouldn't have moved in with Margo and Glenn than, when Granny Gregg died they wouldn't have had a baby-sitter. So, maybe I'm there for a reason. I've never really told anyone that I think about it all the time. Well I have to go now so bye bye. God Bless!     Love in Christ,     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Holly M. S.  
0	man o man! Ever sense i moved ive been losing touch with my old friends! Everytime i try to hangout with them its like there always doing somthing and im just like OMG! i really wanna see them again but its just... errrrr idn.............   I MISS U GUYS!
1	i love when these guys go on trl and give us a little more fodder. :)   so did y'all see them today? benji had his arm around damien, and damien had his arm around benji, and they looked *so cute*!   man. we need some fic stat! haha. 
0	  i cant get katharine out of my head. why? why cant i? i havent had this problem until recently. i have no idea why. i just keep thinking about her. fuck, its been almost two years, and just recently i start thinking about her again? i dont fuckin' get it. up&nbsp;until chrismtas-ish, i was&nbsp;pretty much completely and totally over it, and&nbsp;now i honestly just have an overwhelming desire to&nbsp;talk to her. i know i cant do that, but i want to so badly.&nbsp;does anybody have any advice? 'cause this really has to stop. i need help, people. please.  
1	Well I am now living in Hazleton with the man that I have feelings for but we are just roommate for now and I hope that someday it will be more then that.  Well I just turned 27 four days ago, man I am gettin old.  lol
0	what do i do?   what if brian is really mad at me, and just acts like its nothing? id feel really bad, like ten times worse and stuff. if he only knew how much i cared about the other person. haha...i bet that sounds lame, but yes saddly i do. i will give brian a hug tomarrow, beacuse i am sorry. and i hope ill be able to see kyles facial expression when he recives his 'secret' gifty from me. oh man, im at a loss for anything, im at a loss for everything and everyone and above all answers. i think laurens fucking hott and will get anyone she wants, and is perfect, and here i am a fucking loser, that dosnt really like herself, that will die alone.    i love her still, but shit, what will i do? ( could i be able to win his heart?) and i know it will only be just a dream...
1	I forgot my mood! Since I'm addicted to those-whatever-they-are I'm just going to put such a nice little creauture here.
1	Sally and I went to the Not-so-New East Wing of the National Gallery of Art today.  It was a neat surprise to find out that Andy Goldsworthy in in the process of doing an installation, " Roof ." I'm hoping I'll get to see the work in progress some time this month.  Then we went to see Dan Flavin's retrospective. It was the last day of the show. His work was based on light. Early on he did pieces with light bulbs. Then in 1961 he began using flourescent lights. It was nifty show. There were a couple interesting bits and pieces overheard: young boy, "it hurts my eyes..." whine.    Guard: "Don't touch. Mister, don't touch the art. Mister... I said don't touch!" Man: "but the bulb is out and I just...." Gaurd: " Mister, that's the way it's supposed to be. So don't touch."  Then there was the guy taking fotos... and I thought I read a No Photograph sign on the way in.
1	the last journal i wrote was cancelled by my blur like sotong sis.my week in school is so darn boring. i want to meet my singapore idol.if anyone got any info of him pls tell me . thanx .
1	Well, Happy New Year!! it's 2005 baby yeah!!  i have not written for a long time actually, let me start off by saying that i'm back to the daily grind of work and school...my god, two weeks off and it went by mad crazy...I just finished writing an essay that i've worked on since mid-october..i am so glad i'm rid of all that stress...jeez what a day.
1	  Ming had just finished a yummy bowl of puppy food when I snapped this pic. Just felt I had to share the cuteness and not let Kimmy have all the fun! Right now he's sleeping soundly and snoring like Grandpa Jones. LOL! I should record his and Kimmy's dueling snores and put it on here.....quite a soundfest! Ming wouldn't care,but I think Kimmy might get a little tweaked. Oh well, enjoy the cuteness that is........  Ming!  
1	I decided to do something amazing. I moved my computer into my living room.  Yay for me!  Now i'm drained for energy.
0	Barton, sorry I didn't call you back last night.  Looks like you were right after all.
1	I'm in florida now. It's 70 degrees and sunny. Sure beats 2 feet of snow. hahah!  p.s. been trying to wake up friends for 2 hours by dangling stuffed animals around their bed.  success rate thus far: 0%  next step: some converge to roose their spirits.
1	I went on the perfect date last night. We went out to eat dinner and had a really good funny conversation. Then we thought for a few minutes if we wanted to go see a movie but there was nothing that both of us wanted to see that one of us hadn't already seen. So then the boy made the suggestion that we go back and play some video games, which is what we did until 2am when I decided I had to go to bed so I could get up and go to work. Why can't all dates be that fun and unstressful?  It always seems to be that I have the best time when I'm relaxed and not worried.
1	School update that absolutely nobody cares about:  I was able to complete my math quiz this morning with no trouble whatsoever. I am optimistic about this class for the first time ever!  I am getting a C in English. The fuck? I thought I had a B.  Other news, courtesy of MSNBC or CNN or something:  Want to see what I might get my mom for Mother's Day?   http://www.petfinder.com/pet.cgi?ac tion=2&pet=4209961   Yay!
0	Why does everyone leave Chii and Anzu alone?  Rukia left but then she came back. Then Rukia and Envy left together and did not come back. Then Ban and Ginji left.  Chii! u.u
0	I'm cleaning my bedroom, and I was going through some papers on my desk that have been there forever.  I mean forever.  And I found an envelope with a clipping of Shannon's hair in it. It's been almost a year since she died, but I totally wasn't expecting to find that, and it hit me hard.  I had forgotten I even had it.  I clipped it right before we took her to the vet that last time.  I miss my puppy. :'-(
1	MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOVE YOU GUYS KORT~
1	A wonderful and happy birthday is wished to Katy, Debbie and Jared! I hope you all have a great day and I'm so looking forward to seeing Katy & Debbie later this week so I can deliver proper birthday hugs!!!
1	I WENT TO WAIHEKE AND IT ROCKED! I really, really needed it. Lucia and Arena and Snee are wonderful and L+A+I did lots of walks around the rocks and to the island and...highly piratical and I loved it lots. :) I want hot lj mood icons. Hmm.
1	   Whoever in German class who gets this movie first will need to hold a movie night for it.
0	ive been so fucked up lately...i dont know what it is, ill go from high to low in 2.5 seconds!  i get royally pissed off so quick, and i feel like the world has turned on me.  its so strange cuz thats not me at all!  ive been crying alot...its strange.  i decided to kinda shut myself out for a week.  not really talk to many people and not go anywhere.  i need some personal time, and i need to get myself back on track with my school work.  therefor, if im a little bit distant for a while, this is why.   im not quite sure y i am being the way i am.  it could be my birth control pill, it could be because my medication isnt working properly because of drinking, or it could be because of the concussion, or it could be because im sick ALL THE FREAKIN TIME!!!!  one thing for sure, i cant stand it and i need to get out of this slump SOON!  if it doesnt go away ill have to go back to the dr. and talk to her about my meds.
1	Today is going to so much fun! Potluck night. I get to see my sissy and meet the Filk Maven IN REAL LIFE!!! And have lots of cool t00bs at my house.   (BTW, Why have not one of my t00by friends (Wendy...hem) even mentioned this in any entry?)   Anyway I hope everyone has a ton of fun tonight. I can't wait to see everyone.
1	wah!! this might come in a little late... we're a day ahead over here, and your timezones confuse me T_T ...but:   Happy Birthday,       supplanter   !   :D :D have a good one, hey? &lt;3 &lt;3 
1	Many of my readers might have noticed a slight change in the appearence of my Lj.  I changed the colors from blues and purples, to pink. There is a great reason for that. I, as of yesterday night, am the new proud owner of a pair of huge earings and a pin for Mary Kay. What can I say I am tempted by shiny things.  Yes, I am a new consultant.  I made my first sale on Sunday. I am seriously so excited! I swear I'm going crazy. I had second thoughts about becoming a consultant, but I truely feel optimistic about this decision I've made in my life. I will insert some pictures of my earings and my pin, as soon as possible.   My first debut party I've planned is for March 5th. I may have to push it back a week or two due to not being able to fund the purchase of inventory, but we'll see. I still need to look into getting a loan from my grandmother, or the bank. My parents aren't an option because I already owe them monies. :)
1	I found out tonight that I passed my NC Emergency Medical Technician state exam, so now I'm certified and can work at any ambulance squad in NC :) !  Now, someone please buy me  this , and I will be in heaven.  Also, tomorrow at 1:00, I graduate from college :)
1	a while ago i posted about my husband getting deployed. thankfully, he's not quite yet. about a week before he was supposed to deploy his pcm put him on wellbutrin due to the toll stress was taking out on his body. since wellbutrin can have some pretty serious side effects, he's on medical profile until june so he can't be deployed until then. just thought i'd share the great news. :D
0	There was a wreck at Western High today and a lil 14 girl was killed.  She was riding to school and her brother was dropping her off at western middle and i guess it was b/c of the bad weather this morning but she died and he lived.  When i heard about the only person i thought of was Blake b/c he is the only one that i really know at Western.  Poor girl.  I guess we'll find out tomm who it was.
0	On the offchance that someone will say that today's event is a reason to cut more funding for NASA... and we all know there will be some, likely many, and undoubtably trumpted on TV... that if it weren't for people like this crew, humanity would still be wallowing in the mud and foraging for berries.
0	Went in for the procedure today and the results weren't that favorable... well... not at all.  It is a greater possibility now that I may not be able to have children...  at least not without a lot of things that are not covered by insurance...  I am in a very strange mood now...  only reason it is not a complete waste if a day is because I was taken out to dinner and that was fabulous.  Lovely dinner followed by a lot of talking and smoking *s* Well, I should be getting to bed...  I am just exhausted...
1	64.  Night of the blackbird , Heather Graham 65.  The butcher's theatre , Jonathan Kellerman
0	          The University of Blogging    Presents to   eastsidechic    An Honorary   Bachelor of   Psychotic Ranting    Majoring in   Babbling      Signed   Dr. GoQuiz.com    ®               Username:       Blogging Degree  From  Go-Quiz.com 
0	  uh so I haven't really updated this thing in a while. Theres really no point cause I never have anything to say but oh well. It's April Fools day today. It kinda sucked and I didn't "fool" anyone.      Tomorrow I wake up at 4:30 to go to Disneyland with my class. I won't be back until Tuesday. Woop-ee?      I'm sad cause I'm missing the Armor for Sleep show, oh well. Whats new?!  
0	I miss Meggi!!!!  I hope she's doing alright in the hospital. ...I was worrying about her all night there. ...I know what it's like to sleep in one of those places. It can be very creepy.
1	Angel4860: my friends saw my BLONDEST moment 2day - katrina hadda bottle of perfume or w/e and then i couldnt figure out how to spray it, so i sprayed by accident... ALL OVER MY FUCKIN FACE!!! holy shit lol hahahahahahaha and then, i 4got i was wearing overalls 2day, so im jumpin/runnin in da halls playin witta bouncy ball... HOLY SHIZNAX i looked like i was 1 years old!!  i was wearing overalls and playin witta bouncy ball Chris -- u have a moron of a girlfriend hahaha  lol how cute... and i wont even say wut her obsession was last year.... hahahahaha
0	My folks are here, can't ski with them but it's nice having them around at the moment.  Feeling very down at the moment, am sick of people reminding me that I can't ski.  Worked my arse off, travelled half way round the world and spent thousands of dollars to work long hours for shit pay whilst constantly being reminded that I'm broken and alone.  I want to cry but the tears aren't coming, nothing is, I have no words to say.  I keep working to make the days go by.  Matt.
1	hoooooly crap. i have a bazillion lj entries to read...so many that i have to go to the "previous page button" ...ahahahahaha...  i have sooooo much funny stuff to tell. wowwwwwwwww. how a week can change things.  ahahahahaha... hehe  ;)  i wonder if this will have consequences....  ps: meredith, before i forget, if you havent already read it, you should read    the five people you meet in heaven . i think you'd loooove it.  by the way, guess how much work i did over break?... not enough. again. so i have to go study my booty off. dammit sammit (as my grandmother would say...hehe)  :)
0	somebody save me... how can you get the fuck out of utah back into l.a. with only $75 cash?
0	It still needs work, particularly the link colors. But it looks pretty good. And I don't know that much about computers... just a few basic things. I wouldn't even know what I do if not for Rick. I think Pinhead and I were his favorites in a way... though he was very nice to all of us.  I wish we had not gone to visit Peter. Perhaps if we had been there, we could have stopped Maclean from killing Rick.
1	O.K. For all of you who have not been staying up to date with my life I will give you a quick rundown.  -Thursday Nights have continued to be awesome. Everything possible and more happens on these magical nights.  Pat's birthday and St. Patty's day were no exception.  -I joined the track team.  So far so good.  -I got a Radio Show with Mozart, this should be awesome.  -Saturday I finally went to see Stella (which feature Michael Ian Black) and they made me pee in my pants a little bit.  - I am doing Mr. Emmanuel which should be awesome I am going to have some nasty ass dance moves Trust me.  - Pat and I have a "fucked up movie night" on tuesdays with the girls from wheelock.  This isn't really noteworthy in and of itself.  But what the girls don't know is that pat and I are going to videotape Polar Bears banging infants... in the mouth. Now that is fucked up.
0	I am absolutely speechless with the behaviour of some people on ftm-undressed.  I am embarassed by their behaviour.  This is a perfect example of why we will never really move forward to where we all really want to be as a community.    I am deeply deeply hurt by what has happened there.  I am leaving ftm-undressed, it clearly is full of poison.  I adore the people who are supportive, but want nothing to do with the others......  Sad, Victoria
0	i'm sad that spring break is coming to an end,  i really don't want to go back to charleston....i have friends there, buti just feel empty when i'm there....it just seems like it has changed so much. i loved it at first, but now i hate it.  i'm just ready for it all to be over.   on the plus side....all my rail tickets for europe came in the mail today.  now that IS exciting.
0	Okay... my blog is now officially closed...   ...It's caused enough damage for one lifetime. From now on I'm keeping my thoughts in my head where they can't get out and hurt anyone, including me...   
0	I just want to see if I manage to write something before floundering away at my Physics homework which refuses to let me understand anything.  The weather is awful so if it actually manages to dry up tomorrow I will be in a completely bad state to play my first ever official singles match.  You see, the coaches are letting me play singles tomorrow (instead of #2 doubles) because the #1 singles person is having a confidence failure and wants to play doubles and since we're losing so badly this season anyway, it doesn't really matter whether they lose another match.  (mine) Lots of love, Kristina
0	 So...last week I got a call from my folks, giving me some Really Bad News about my brother and his family.&nbsp; That news I'm not going to elaborate on, simply because despite the (relative) anonymity of LJ, there are just some things not to be broadcast, regardless of said anonymity.&nbsp; But the News really set me off my game for the past week or so.    But wait!&nbsp; This just in!&nbsp; Got a call from my dad today telling me that my grandfather had a procedure to remove some lesions from his bladder, and one of the lesions came back malignant.&nbsp; And while they got all of that one in the procedure, it had permeated the bladder wall and was undoubtedly in his system.&nbsp; Prognosis unknown, but not good.    So...luck of the Irish?&nbsp; Not likely. 
1	Okay...I've finally uploaded the Berlin EoD live pics. You can see them  here . ^_^ They're not such great quality...but I did my best. ^^
1	So this weekend i  finally got my shoppin done.  Sunday i spent the night at my grandma and grandpas.  We ended up goin out to eat mmmmm it was so good.  Then i went to the mall with my grandpa and finished my mom and dad.  I actually have money this year to spend on everyone.......so i went all out.  Then i went back and wrapped everything and i learned how to make bows cuz im a sped and never knew how to do it before. lol Do u ever wonder y u spend so much time wrapping presents if people are just going to rip them open?  O well i guess its just the thought that u spent so much time.  Yea so then my mom came and got me and we went home.  So i took a shower and stuff then went to work with her and after went shoppin.....again.  Yeah so this was a pretty boring day....need a lil excitement in my life.....
1	Every love song that i hear, i think about my baby. It's crazy. He's on my mind all the freaken time! Every guy that i have ever been out with, they don't compare. I love him, i love him, i love him, and everyday he says he loves me too. hehehe. Forgive me yall, just the very thought of him makes me happy! Just thought I'd share.
0	     What do you do when the only person who can make you stop crying is the person who made you cry in the first place?   &nbsp;    just a question for you guys (some food for thought)   
0	I just renewed my LiveJournal account for another twelve months.  I suppose that proves that even in the wake of my disinterest in daily journal writing I intend to do something further with this space, even if I don't quite know what that is yet.  Otherwise, it simply proves that I can't bear to let go of my memories, and we already know that's the sad truth.
1	todays been good so far, just got done eatin some lunch and im gonna jump in the shower and get ready for work...then stop by best buy before for a cd. :) anyways, just wanted to update..later!
1	well yes i didnt think i was going to be able to go out tonight but i am rock on man haha!   i went to the mall today to get rob one of his x-mas presents and guess who i ran into???? ROB...haha it was nice to see him though funny how i was shopping for him but nice   tonight i think camp site! woop woop haha...should be nice!!  im bored as hell right now!....well i am going to go and get ready to go out and wait for rob to call   seeya!!  xoxo ashley elise
0	It's been a really tough month. But this weekend has made it really tough.  If someone were to ask me what I'm scared of most...I would have to say it's a tie between being alone in life and death.  Watching someone die is never easy and especially when it's affecting people you love tremendously.  This last Friday I found out that my grandpa had a serious fall and was in the hospital. The decision was made not to go in for surgery because he only had a 20hance of coming out of it. He's been taken off all his meds and he's not in pain, but he's shutting down. I went to see him to say good-bye today and it was just REALLY hard. He told us he was scared to die and that scared me.  I can't imagine not being here anymore...not being  part of so many things....  I guess I've just never seen my Dad like this, he's such a strong person and I can tell it's tearing him up inside.     Please just keep us in your prayers over this next week.  God bless.
1	I've just updated my website with a brand-new  M*A*S*H  story:  Comrades .  Thanks to       the_shoshanna   ,       daegaer   , and       nerdcakes    for splendid work reading the first draft and telling me what was wrong with it.  (Ann, for whom it was written, and who was the first person in the world to read it, points out that the story has    MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE    written all over the first page, in invisible pink ink. Just so you know.)
1	Sorry to all you out there but there hasn't really been much going on lately, I got a shit load of New (well sorta new, its new to me) NES stuff. I finally brought some more things from my old home (with my parents) down to here my new home with       delalupin    &       uglinessman   . I know that it sounds stupid but I still fear that for some reason, unknown to me, I will be asked to move out..... even though       delalupin    has reasured me that I have no reason to fear this...  So things seem to be finally going right for me, it may have took awhile but it has worked and I have       delalupin    &       uglinessman    to thank for that.....
1	 (this is cool):  we signed the lease. the dishes are done...it's legally binding now. i don't think any of you realize how much ass this kicks. yesth.   (this is not cool):  work sucked tonight.   "why did it suck, betina?"    i'm glad you asked. work sucked tonight because i made 20 bucks off of 6 tables.  20 bucks off of 6 tables . you do the math. oh but wait, it gets better still! i also was responsible for half of willie stations and countertop dressings, two of the most stupid buttmonkey sideworks the star has to offer. it was ass.    (this is cool):  as much as work pissed me off tonight, i don't care anymore. it's amazing.  you're amazing.   (this is still pending):  i'm gonna go crash now. i bet i sleep like a rock. god help the roofers if they come back tomorrow morning. roofers begone.
1	For as long as I have been laid off from work, I haven't really had anything going my way. Well today, I got an interview set up for Tuesday at my old job in the department I have been wanting to get into the WHOLE time.  Just thought all of you deserved to be the first(s) to know. Hopefully, this will pan out!
0	why doesn't anyone want me? mommy yelled at me last night because if she didn't have me she could live anywhere she wanted. I'm almost too sad to even think about food! I know she loves me too much to get rid of me though, for anything. but if I ever meet that owner I will pee on her foot! grrrrrrr
1	So sorry so sorry! (asian eyes)  Tonight was amazing babe, more to be updated later, too much to tell...  -&lt;3 (my emo heart, cause I bleed emo tears, haha)
0	  Well, its official. I'm the stupidest mother fucker that ever walked the face of this earth. I've got nothing left now. I'm so close to the edge, so close to making the decision and theres no looking back from it, once its done, its done. I have nothing to look forward to. How could i do this to myself, am i rele that stupid? Well, obviously, cuz i fuckin did it.... This has been the worst break ever, and&nbsp;this week has ranked second in the worst week ever, if not the first. I did this to myself.   AGAIN.   I'm a fucking retard. Fuck this. I'm out.       &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      &nbsp;      I   hate   myself, Somene please shoot me   
1	LoTR - The Two Towers kicked ass, also took this Quiz! ---      What element would you rein over? (For Girls)     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	hello ppl  i know i aint posted in a while but i would like to update ppl on some stuff  i work at Amnesty international, its great.   thats all you need to know  i would also like to say that i feel very let down and upset about the fact that myself and brad seem to be on "EVERYONES BLACK LIST". we never get invited any place by "ANYONE" !!!!!!  okay bibi  and like serena Merry Xmas and a happy new year
0	something i've only really shared with       kyledavidpaul   :  an independent radio station, one of the last few in north america, is nearing its end. midnight cdt is the last part of the broadcast.  this is sad.  farewell  woxy .  so long, and thanks for all the fish.
1	In Practicum today Steven put me to work cleaning out the prop closet thingy.  Man that place was/is a mess.  It looks better now.  I cut myself on something in there and now I'm thinking I should go get a tetnis shot.... (Yeah, I don't know how to spell tetnis or tetnus)  :-)   It's starting to rain.
1	we palyed paintball with dave and max and my 9 yr old cuzin ALEX hes sick nasty   but u know when we got there there was these pro dudes tht just totaly gave us hell fire it wasnt as bad as we thought cuz were were pretty good   THEN I LITE DAVE THE FUCK UP AND MADE HIM CRY (he'll deny it but it happened)   then we busted out on these newbie guys and my cuzin it was fun alex got shot alot but he was base keeper so wut wuld u expect he kept looking down the the gun barrle and taking his mask off during the rounds with the pros it was mad fun  then we bsuted out at chelseas party for aprx 30 minutes then went to ashley g house and drnak some drinks and ate some candy  then i droped dave max off at his grandmas house and i went home and took a shower cuz i was all dirty
1	          Eternal thanks to Kelly for making this gif from the Holy Grail.  The legend of the Cler was true after all.  And thanks to Clay for doing this for me.  Especially the bra. 
1	 It's on .  BTW, I'm about ready to strangle LJ--I've been trying to make this post since last night. I've been toying with the idea of leaving LJ and following  my sis  over to MSN. LJ seem determined to push me in that direction.
1	My sister-in-law just went to the birthing center!   AIIEEEEEEEEE!  ETA: It's a girl. &#9829; All the women in the family were convinced it was going to be a girl, too. J. is currently of the opinion that we are all "WITCHES *evil eye sign*" ;)
0	I have found that and person we all known is suffering from a serious lack of balls that person being jonathan.  The boy don't even have the guts to reply to any of the posts I have put on his journal which make me believe that he knowns what I say is true and he is trying to keep what I known from everyone he knows up there, which also means he is pulling the same shit up there that he pulled down here. Word of advance jonathan come clean while you can because soon enough it will be to late.  And he has also proved that he hasn't changed which I already known.  Maybe one day he'll have the balls to talk to me, but I really doubt it.
0	I'm sure it's probably my unbalanced hormones during that monthly thing, but I feel empty at the moment. I don't like that feeling.
0	after all that sweat and blood, we got a 3rd position for touch rugby competition. initially we were aiming for a 2nd place. however, after that we lost a crucial game to Temasek Hall 0-1. All oour spirits went down. some even teared. i Almost teared.  we could have beaten them if not for some mistake which cost us a game down against Temasek.  sigh.  shit always happen.  everyone said our team was goood, promising. This is,by far, the best team that Kent ridge ever had for a touch rubgy girls team. We had ex-players, good new players who just started out, track runners to keep watch for wingers. We had everything except maybe a pinch of Luck.  sigh.
1	you know those entries where someone says to: add up the lettersinyournameanddividebyyourwhatever thendothisdothat and you're supposed to come up with something meaningful? and it just looks stupid and time consumingly NOT something you're gonna do?  try this. post the 1st comment ever made to your lj.  here's mine. *iloveyou* (perfect in pink)
0	Well I like to vent out my lost couple of day`s first of all with the approaching of my birthday since I getting my mid 20`s I see a lot of people thinking there getting too old and they haven`t done anything, and I would be ignorant to think so cause I don`t feel or look old , but recently my back has been has been giving me a lot of problems so I had to go to a chiropractor to have some cracking done which which did the trick I guess. But I think I gotta get back into exercising and taking better care cause the last few day`s I was in such pain  but on the some bright points I went to see Skinny Puppy last night I was worried the at there age they could put it of anymore but how wrong I was they were so amazing !!! but before the show I some how lost my ID and my bank card I don`t know how the hell I did that so I gonna get a passport or some kind of government ID now and a new bank card again ...how depressing  well I hope this entry staying in my jounal!!! -jonny
0	*sighs*   I was starting to get stuff together for Valentine's day for Verra when I remembered... I have no feckin' clue where she is. Which is a depressing thought. I don't know where my wife is for Valentine's day. It's not a holiday from our world, but it was a nice one that I like to celebrate, do something nice for Verra.   I don't know.
1	 HAPPY BIRTHDAY KRISTINE!!!!!   I hope you got my card. I'll be very sad if it got lost in the mail.  *hugs* ^.^
0	 I JUST GOT BACK FROM MY CRUISE and there are a few pictures from dland too    &nbsp;           FROM THE PLANE                 &nbsp;    CALEB           LUKE          &nbsp;    MATT jesus           &nbsp;    CORY          CHRIS          &nbsp;    JUSTIN         DAVE         ALEX         SARAH           PETER         MIKE         JAMAICA           GRAND CAYMAN           MEXICO                    ME AND MAR    they made towel animals in out room everyday               what can i say the seal was pure sex mar crunk off her ass     us crunk off our asses         &nbsp;    and lastly DLAND       will y lisie     
1	i'm now 19 [yay] and i'm ...umm....woot! lol anyone wants to go to the movies?  -NeKo
1	Turns out I got an awesome deal for the Google bag !  Damn happy ! ;-)  Some more later !&trade;  -nerdy
0	I've spent hours now trying to track down a free, online and  downloadable copy of "Into the west", the song from the Return of the  King soundtrack, so I can add it to to my playlist.  A certain  Someone  just suggested I make an appeal on here.            Someone help this poor git!                    In other news, still jobhunting.            Anyone wanting to send me free LOTR soundtracks or extended DVD boxed sets are hereby thanked in advance.                Anyone who gets me a date with any of the people who played elves in the movie will be considered a god. 
0	look up whore in the dictionary and u will see a picture or my mother.
0	Terri Shiavo's brother made a statement from the family that they had to accept her death as God's will. Still, Michael Shiavo is getting death threats. That figures. Why are people so fucking stupid? They want Terri Shiavo to live like a vegetable and they're quick to threaten someone else's life. Shows how much they care about the so-called sanctity of life.  Regardless of whether she was responsive at all - how could anyone want someone they love to live that way? How could anyone in that predicament want to live? Could she have been rehabilitated or would she have been this way for the rest of her existence? I can tell you right now - I wouldn't.  Don't even put me on life support unless there's a damn good chance I'll be able to return to normal. I don't want to live on machines for years. I don't want to live brain-dead in shadowy realms of coma and unconsciousness, even a narrowed and narrowing field of awareness. In that case, just let me die.
1	this is the best hting ive ever done.  RIDEZ .   its for a contest that converse is putting on. if this makes it onto tv they will give me $10,000. i think ive got a shot at it.  -sherman out
0	hey ya'll ..... umm today was an interesting day... first i was at my girl samanthas house cause i spent the night last night... then today we went to the mall.... ummm later my boyfriend and his friend jonathan came ova.... umm not much to say bout that .... i have really stong feelings for him.... umm i'm actually startin to fall in love ummm hope my baby's gonna be alright!!! i'm  probly going to sleep soon ..gotta lot on my mind right now... ummmmmmm ...... confused at the moment too....
1	I just got new smileys so I have to use one now ;-)  I am so wasting time till the drag show.  SO ESCITED!  my favorite event of the year
1	 I Wandered Lonely As a Cloud   I wandered lonely as a cloud That floats on high o'er vales and hills, When all at once I saw a crowd, A host, of golden daffodils; Beside the lake, beneath the trees, Fluttering and dancing in the breeze.  Continuous as the stars that shine And twinkle on the milky way, They stretch in never-ending line Along the margin of a bay: Ten thousand saw I at a glance, Tossing their heads in sprightly dance.  The waves beside them danced; but they Outdid the sparkling waves in glee; A poet could not but be gay, In such a jocund company; I gazed-and gazed-but little thought What wealth the show to me had brought:  For oft, when on my couch I lie In vacant or in pensive mood, They flash upon that inward eye Which is the bliss of solitude; And then my heart with pleasure fills, And dances with the daffodils.  - William Wordsworth
0	there's something quite unexplicable about seeing a dead body there's such a serenity, a peaceful aura its just so hard to be looking down at someone u love so much almost expecting a twinge, a breath, a wink yes, this is definately final i now know i will never see you, nonna, smile again
1	I had a crappy day now I am having fun with Nami and friends!!!!!!
1	I just thought I'd tell the world that I can now die a happy man because I've heard Sloop John B live.  p.s. God Only Knows and Forever are the two most beautiful songs ever written
0	I'm crying right now. I'm not having fun anymore. Everything I do seems like a chore and not like a fun activity. I can't hang out with my friends anymore without feeling like I shouldn't be there. I don't feel happy with anything or anyone anymore. The one person I do feel happy with is going to leave soon, and I seem to get constantly reminded about that. It lets my thoughts trail to knowing that I won't see him for a long time after. That our only communication will be through letters. That after May 19 I will have to wait months before I can see him or hold him ever again. All that will be exchanged between us are words. I hate thinking about that. It's bad, I know, but I feel like he's my only life line. I know my friends love me, but for some reason I feel like I'm not wanted there. That I'm just an asset. Competition is no big deal to me, theatre is no big deal to me, ROTC is no big deal to me, nothing seems to matter anymore.
1	me me going for Mark Knopfler concert on 7th..... :D
1	Stolen from Mari...             Undies          LJ Username           Your Undies           Who will see you in them      l_loire        Who wants to see you in them      eyesof_atragedy        Who will steal them      5put1n               This   QuickKwiz   by   lovely_mouse   - Taken 123514 Times.          New! Get Free  Daily Horoscopes  from Kwiz.Biz      O.o    
0	   You know...I told him I understand, and I do. I meant that. But that doesn't mean it doesn't hurt.   It doesn't mean I don't hate to watch him hurt, to watch everyone hurt--Akira running, Tatsu getting angry, his father looking so...broken... wishing I could just fix it. It doesn't mean I am okay with it. I'm not.   It means I know the feeling. It means I know why he wanted to, I know that he didn't entirely mean it, not the way it turned out. Not to go that far. It means I know he didn't want to leave, and I'm not afraid of that. And that helps, but it's not enough. It's not enough to keep me from wondering if there was something, anything, that I could have done different.   And I really, really almost wish there was. Because that would make it my fault, something I deserved, and not just...something that happened.   I really hate it when there is nothing I can do. All I can do is watch. And feel. And it hurts.  
0	WHY THE HELL IS BIOLOGY SO F_ING HARD FOR ME!!! i have never been so hurt by my inablity to learn something - i can always teach myself it --- so i killed myself studying biology and yeah i got an 82 - you can all be like - wow you got a b- well bite it - b/c i needed a high a- so now ihave aposlutely no chance of getting an a in the class - i want to cry- gad damn i think i won't it into school up here- i'll have to transfer- and i think i'll be extremely depressed for a while...  ok i don't know what to say i'm so upset with myself right now.......  i'm going to crawl in a ball and disapear....
0	Today...My lover finally scratched me...he doesn't love me anymore... He scratched me when I was trying to pick him up... Nah...it was my fault! He is a cat. His name is Fu Chi...means lucky(sort of)in Mandarin! yeah...he's a stray cat at Ash's apt complex...&gt; &lt; Ouchie...
1	   ....but it gets even weirder.  I forwarded the above image to my good friend and colleague Dr. Spengler, who ran it through his digital ectospectrometer.  What emerged is, I think, rather eerie:   
1	right now im listening to the rain wow its so beautiful i love storms!   welp anyways im leaving at 2am tomorrow morning to go on vacation with sarah brown! im so excited but ill miss people like ive said before!  i cant wait though and im missing like 9 or 10 days of swimming and diving thats awesome!!  welp i dont have mucht o say but if you do you should most deffinatly post it because i wont be able to write gor at least 9 days! and id love to come back to a bunch of messages posted on this!!!!  ok well bye c ya ill miss you! but ill be tanning and having a butt load of funn! HAHAHA!
0	I heard on the radio that Ray Charles has passed away.  He will be missed by me I do know that.  Peace and comfort to his family.
1	I saw Mary tonight...that makes me happy :) Ok I will write more when I'm not so tired.
1	Now I have a new picture thanks to Dannielle! Thanks babe!
1	Hallo! tomorrow is homecomin  and there is alot of thing planned to do anyways i gotta b/f and i am afraid to tell a certain person because she likes that guy but i dont want to hurt her feelings anyways my lil bro is being stubborn and wont say anything about him and sara gettin together b4 homecoming but the theme is 'This magic moment' so hey it might happen yeah for them Jennifer is going with Joey and you can tell she totally likes him because she has a cute huge a$$ grin on her face anyways well I gotta roll and help Jenn do her hair and start on my dress for tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!
1	I get to go to the zooooooo tomorrow with me Jesse, and I seriously can not wait.  The zoo to me is one of those places that it just no matter what type of mood you are in, it just automatically makes you happy. Hell, even Jesse wants to go (***sidenote - should a guy really be as excited as I am to go to the zoo?)  Not only that but I don't even have to work this weekend!  Obviously, today couldn't get much better unless I didn't have to worky work.  Oh well.      Life is still good.
1	Yay,  Sleepy Slug  finally has its new layout! And I went and posted the two skins I hadn't put up on the old layout, and I should have a new one by tomorrow as well. But yay, bask in the coolness of my little javascript menu bar. *hearts*  Now to go post on the yahoo group.
1	Werd up, LJ.  It's yo man, George Washington Carver.  I got 325 inventions for peanuts AND I AIN'T GOIN' DOWN YET!!!   Most mofos be worrying about tha bling bling BUT YOU KNOW IT'S ALL ABOUT THE LUGUME!  I'ight peanut peeps!  You know where I'll be.  Slurpin' down 40 ounces of Carver's Peanut Brew. L8, Y'ALL!
0	My results this semester... yeah. Absolute shit. My own damn fault really, but I don't want to go back. I've done the past two years on Autopilot and gotten nowhere.  Fuck it.
0	Well, I thought that the show at Villanova University was supposed to be free and open to the public, but as it turns out, they will be selling tickets for this show. That sucks. They go on sale April 11th, and they are $30.00 a piece. That's more expensive than when I saw Dane in New Jersey in February. Oh well, I still want to go, though.
1	Happy Birthday to you! Happy Birthday to you! Happy Birthday (Arent ya glad I didnt get the to sing at the sushi restaurant) Happy Birthday to you!!!!
1	So today is the Presidents Galla and I get to get all dolled up to go to work! Woo hoo!    I am getting service learning hours for it though, Joy (a girl I work with) and I wanted to get all dressed up and see what all the fuss is about so we are getting Service Learning hours. IF THE BLASTED RAIN WILL STOP THAT WOULD HELP!!!!  I love getting dressed up... did I say that already?!?  OK homework, nails, eye brows, and shower....
0	Is  it possible for people who are so random  with their words to have feelings of their  own? and if so then how can they be so hurtful to others? And maybe just maybe they are human too!
0	I really do hate mondays. Back to school and then another 5 days until the weekend. Not been feeling all that well today. Head is sore and I'm kind of depressed for no reason. I still got a pile of homework to do. I don't really want to do it.   Oh Congrats       frodolives33    for getting into the universities you wanted to get into and I saw that you got into Glasgow too.   Made this today for a fanart challenge on eff         not all that good I know.  Also changed my layout around. Well different graphic (Sam & Frodo from ROTK) and I changed the colours around.   Can't be bothered writing anything else so I'm going to go now. Need to do my homework.  Post again soon  Ma'ida 
1	ALLLLLRIGHT!!!! Finished my last final today!!!! WOOHOO!!!
1	going to slidell today hopefully i will see some of you slidellians tomorrow.
1	Hmmm, had been meaning to update every day these holidays, cos am going to miss you guys lots, and I'd hate for you to miss out on daily updates of my life ;)  However the perils of a)family, and b)very slow dial up internet have caught up with me. Grrrrr...sisters who monopolise phone lines with calls to long distance boyfriends/msn conversations with same...  This lovely summer weather is making me feel so happy!!! Unfortunately its a bit hazy and windy here, so haven't had the opportunity for much sunbathing, but it's still lovely and bright, and I'm waking up at 6 in the morning and actually being able to get out of bed at a decent hour, which feels so lovely and gives me much  early morning sister-free internet time. Went on a walk with my family on The Downs yesterday and saw pretty flowers and newly-born calfs, which really was most pleasant.  Not sure what I'll do for the rest of the day...can feel The Sims 2 calling my name :D  Miss y'all xxxxx
1	Hello!!!!!!!!! tis sunday and am in high spirits as always, had an absolutly brillent time yesterday, was extremely fun, everyone loved my costume, was so great, lots happened, would write it out but it's all been done on everyone elses journals so you can get it off them, but it was great. I broke quit a few things which i have a habitit of doing when i'm having fun, it wasn't anything serious this time but sorry anyway, will have to ask Liz if her fish are ok. We did pass the parcel and i won absolutly nothing :) yer I rock. Love you guys and farewell
1	My first salary (well technically incorrect but this was the first time i worked and got paid) Rs 300 yeah paltry i know but it was for updating 3 company profiles for the company i work part time. And right now they put me for a Jan issue as industy monitor in agrochemicals and fertilizers wiht a deadline on the 5th and i will be paid Rs 2000 for it. Suddenly life seems so full
0	A sad day in country music happened yesterday.  Chris LeDoux died.  He was a cowboy and a singer.  And if you knew his music, and the man you know why its a sad day in music to all.  Even if you dont like country music and know him, there is still that respect for him. That is all for now.
1	Meh, I bought the DNAnge manga as soon as it came out and instantly fell in love with it. And Dark, but anywhos...A few days ago I bought the first DVD and I'm working on the other 2. I love DNAngel and stuffs so here I am. 
1	So, is anyone out there interested in sharing a room with me at  Penguicon ? :)  It's next weekend in the Detroit area, and it should be a blast.  It's a blend of science fiction and Linux/open source convention, and, well, we know how to party. It will be a delightful excuse for me to get all dolled up and wear fancy clothes. :)   (Neener, neener,       the_ogre    and       whthorse   . ;) Yes, I'm mean. And yes, I'll probably wear  some of the new stuff I got recently .  And - oh, my word, but I am a geek - I can now recognize that they used  Plone  for their website.  *shakes head*  Yep, I'm pretty far gone.
1	today is going to be such an exciting day! -i am going shopping with my mom for some new sneaks(tennisshoes) -alex canada's best friend comes in from canada and we all get to meet her. -CHRISTINA GETS HOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!! -DTD has their first show and i am stoked for them! -party after the show fro christina. -babysit with bob!  GOODLUCK BOYS. I LOVE YA lal alex jon matty blake  WELCOME HOME CHRISTINA! i missed you so much but i know  you were having so much fun there! while getting tan and doing work.  WELCOME TO SUNNY SARASOTA CARLY. you will like us and i know we will love you. because if you are anything like alex... you are amazing. *** "hey thanks thanks for that summer its cold where youre going i hope that youre hearts always warm i gave you the best i gave you the best that i had passed on the letters and passed on the best that i had..."
1	I got my  Big Day Out  ticket at lunch time today.  I also got it below cost ($80 instead of $93 + booking fee). How, you ask?  Thanks to the magic of Live Journal, and the       adelaideians    Community, I found someone who needed to offload her ticket. So one e-mail and one phone call later, I met       tinkleberry    and the trade was made.  Live Journal/Tinkleberry/Stuart: 1 Bob Lott's evil money making empire: 0
1	hey, if u want to hear the awesome U + Me = Us (Calculus) song, comment with ur email so I can send it to ya. It's GREAT!!! Honestly! It's so retarded! hahahaha, but it's still cool! especially if u're in calc :)  ~Christina~   ( *)&gt;
0	So Shinji is back... thank you for letting me know Kaworu.. How ironic that one of the people I used to consider suspect is now the only person I seem to be able to get any information from!  Yes, I am feeling bitter... and angry... as well as relieved. I also feel disappointed and sad that Shinji doesn't feel that he can even _hint_ to me that there is something on his mind. After everything, I would've liked to have thought that I merited something... clearly I've been deluding myself.
1	hey guys guess what???????????????? im in california right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yes i miss this place soooooooooooooo much! im sitting in the kitchen of our house in san louis, by the beach!!!!!! im only like 2 1/2 hours away!!!! i might come dwon to modesto, with my dad on wednesday, so ill keep you posted! right now its a little cold to go outside, to the beach, but im perfedtly fine with going shopping! yah! ok well ttyl and i hope that i can come and see you guys! love you  chelsea
1	we have the same thoughts still, even though the putside appearance is completely different
1	I feel at such a loss by not being on for a few days. They have been cool, as per usual. I got to go out on a "date" with Shawn the other night. We went to the Hawaiian Paradise. Oh man it was so good, the we went to the Irving for cheesecake...yum... We went shopping too. I got a new 18 piece paintbrush set with a canvas carrying bag. I can't wait to use them...I also got a sweet pair of old navy sleep capri. I'm only writing about them because they were only $3!! They are light blue with green clovers on them....Irish pride baby!!..... Today we went to pick up by brother in Augusta today.....yea I'm so excited! On the way we stopped at Big Gs so we could get a snack....we got a cinnamon roll that was bigger than Shawn's head...no joke...and the best part is, that it was only $1.40...  Well I'm so happy...he he God bless everyone who is reading this........
1	It just hit me... I'm Happy! So, this is what this feels like. It's been so long since I've felt this way I've forgotten the feeling, I didnt even recognize it. =)   This is wonderful, I just hope this feeling lasts.... =)
1	This was sent to everyone in the office:    For those who don't already know, Rachel's partner Jo, had her baby boy today. I have no details of weight etc, but here's a photo of baby Seth. If you want to sign a card pop in to room 326.    This is the first time EVER at work that I'm not the only gay (or at least the only one that's out). It actually looks like there's a few of us around. I'm really pleased to see that we seem to be treated equally here!
0	 Comedian   Mitch Hedberg   was found dead in a New Jersey hotel room Wednesday morning, according to Minnesota's Pioneer Press. He was 37. The cause of death has not been determined, and details concerning his death have yet to be released. The Pioneer Press reported that Hedberg's family has been told he suffered a heart attack.     ...    -j 
1	   You Are Belle!        Intelligent and kind. Your beauty goes much further than your apperance. Also, you make judgements of people based on their personality and not their looks. Attaining all the knowledge that you can is one of your major goals in life, but you are also a person who can make things happen.     Which Disney Princess Are You?  
1	  "If you're ever really bored one day, read the Constitution, it's sure to depress you." - My American Politics Professor  
0	When something sounds too good to be true, it always is. We're taught this since we're children. And yet we never think of this when we're listening to that amazing thing.
1	I got a scholarship! For $1500. Take that parental units.
0	please leave a comment if you read my LJ  edit: later on same day (2003-09-13 @ 7:02 pm) I added:   Trying to think happy thoughts like thinking of sweetie and looking at   (if animated gif of group hug doesn't appear .. it was at  http://www.frugalbride.com/ubb/graemlin s/grouphug.gif  ) ]
1	i fucking love free shit. like getting new awesome rims balanced and mounted for free. that rules alot. now im chillin, i got a full tank of gas. and 4 hours at work. which aint too bad. and your loss rules.  BEATDOWN!
1	I know it's sorta lame, but I still love having a birthday. Probably because it's All About Me. I am 26 today!
1	Wow. So I slept fucking great friday night.  :) :) However, no longer 'straight edge'. :\ Eh fuck it.   Uhh anyways tis now tuesday and I went on a trip to Stoney Brook, saw Ting, came back and met the PM boces class. It was kewl. Uhh.. Went to the dentist. ( who cares?!) Uhh then went to Catherine Gibbs. That was interesting. They dont require SAT scores. :D Uhhh and I'm in a good mood right now. I bet it will wear off tomorrow at school. Stupid Vinny. Grrrr.
0	I am so torn right now, in so many different directions.  It's really ridiculous, and I hate it.  I want everyone to fit into the mix so badly and have a good time with everything and feel as comfortable as possible, but there are many components that I wish I didn't have to try to compromise.  My loyalties are being tested, and I don't know quite where to turn.  I'm trying to be a functional, organized adult and do things right, but I don't have a lot of personal experience to back me up on this one.  I could use some love today.
0	i don't like to think of it as she broke up with me, but as we never were in a relationship.  it's much easier to reflect on something that never happened. how can you expect things not to change?  how can i act the same way around you?  if you weren't sure you were ready for a relationship why didn't you say no? this experience has taught me something.  no one appreciates me for who i am.  i'm just the funny kid that people tolerate for that reason.  well i can't be very amusing when i'm dead. nah, i'm not gonna kill myself, that's stupid. but i have been very stupid lately, making one mistake after another.  depression is the price i pay.  and depression sucks.  i'm happy most of the time so when i get sad it hits me like a brick wall. don't waste your pity on me -Dan
1	Yeah.. I'm still up.. so here's a poem   Only Today - February 6, 2004  I didn't realise it until today that all that waiting,  all that thinking and all that pain would end up being worth it that it would make me get out of the rut I had ground myself into and start to do the things I've always wanted to do  only today while holding her in my arms I realised that I actually deserve this that I'm working to be the person I've always wanted to be that I'm at peace with who I am so I can actually be the boyfriend that she deserves
1	Horray!  I was watching Meet Joe Black on my computer when this idea came to me... I knew exactly how I would draw your character as a baby :}   http://theglasswolf.com/kislahbaby.jpg    I inked it with a brush and calligraphy ink, which I enjoy using. I then did the shading/coloring with my Derwent "studio" colored pencils. My scanner sort of ... ate the purplish shading and turned it into some hideous pixelly mass, but I think other than that it's rather cute :} My favorite part are the little red-gem barettes holding her short bangs in place :}  GIANT EYES OF DOOM!  I hope you like it :3
1	It's results time!  ^_^          ltnoin    won 1st place!               amberhime    won 2nd place!               ai_no_zetsubou    won 3rd place!        Congrats to all the winners!!!!!!!
1	hey miracles def happen...i cleared neural networks:) hhhmmm....the enthusiasm of the 3 only bloggers seems to be wearing out as well....anyway....its my brothers bday today....cant believe the kid is 12 yrs old...time flies.... a little too fast sometimes...1 month more in svce...has anybody started passing slam books around already... i think i'll start passing mine around sometime soon...so many ppl we mit never see again...i dont know y i keep saying that over and over again...my friends hate it.....anyway....nothing more to say....mahabalipuram will be hot...really scorching...anyway hav fun mr b.
0	   i haven't felt this in so long.  i'm sad. so so sad.  
1	About to go for a nap, but I checked my email, and...   I GOT IN!  *twirls and squees*  I got accepted!  I'm going to Cambridge this summer!  I'm going to Cambridge this summer!  I'M GOING TO CAMBRIDGE TO STUDY HISTORY!  Eeeeee!  Y'all know you want to write me celebratory fic.  *looks cute*
1	well it's been a long time since i've posted. i wasn't in the mood for awhile cuz i was in the midst of finding a place to live and getting dumped so i was pretty down. my sister has been telling me to post again so here you go jaime. i'm supposed to be going to get my lip pierced later today then to walmart to get some more stuff for my room. maybe i'll go to bed bath and beyond or something. ronnel said he'd go with me after class so we'll have fun just wondering around being stupid. my job at hot topic is going well except i don't get to work very much. i'm gonna need to find another job so i can make lots of money and buy stuff i want. i still need to fix my rear bumper which has been fucked up for a year and a half. i also want to get a system for my car and just buy lots of other stuff i don't really need. i guess that's all for now but hopefully i'll post a pic later of my new and improved lip. later
0	Today has been a very bad day. The pet store sold out of the shavings I buy for my mice, and changed the contents of their small animal bulk food (both of which my mice love). Likewise, every store had one thing out of stock that I was looking for, or was closed by the time I reached that store.   Then I get home and find out that gaming was cancelled this week. Sakuracon is next week, so I won't be gaming next week.   I miss my friends.  I miss my happiness.
0	Listening to the music and I just happened to blow my nose at the same time.  I feel summer.  I remember tears, crying, those long weeks, and that same music.
1	      Step right up folks! Be the first one your block to take a gander at  Aaron Shupp's MANIC MINIFOLIO Volume One , a special collection of his digital artworks. Available here in a 4.7 megabyte PDF file that you can view in high resolution.  Can't open a PDF?          
0	Been staring at the computer for about 9ish hours now.  My head hurts.  But, 2 more tests to go then im done with school.  yahh.  anyways.. back to staring at the screen letting myself go numb..   JOY!
1	I'd just like to make a happy announcement. :)   Paper Wings Cosplay will be running our successful panel, Iron Cosplay at A-kon 14, May 31-Jun 2nd.  So, if anyone is interested in participating as an IRON COSPLAYER, or just looking to watch some wacky duct-tape costuming madness, pleace come check out our event.  I can tell you with certainty that the event will be held on Saturday morning... most likely 10 AM.  Check the schedule once you arrive at the convention for further details.  Also, Paper Wings is proud to be named as the  All Night Otaku  Flavor of the Month. Thanks guys, it means a lot to us! :)
1	Today wasn't bad, not good, but not bad.  It was pretty much the same old same old.  Although I was about to knock the shit out of this one guy for messing with these two freshmen, don't get me wrong me and my friends mess with freshmen too, but not to the point to where they are hurt or where they are having fun.  Guys like that just piss me off almost to the point to where I hurt my hand again but I controled my self enough to stop that.  Thats pretty much all that happened to day so I'm gonna go and work on my term paper.
1	From       thefridayfive      1. What is your favorite movie of all time?  Mel Brooks' History of the World   2. How often do you watch this movie?  About once every other month.   3. What's your favorite line out of the whole movie?  "They are my people...I am their soverign...I LOVE them!  Pull!" *French peasant goes flying into the air* *King Louis shoots at peasant like a clay pigeon*   4. Who's your favorite character from this movie?  Queen Nympho   5. What scene do you love the most?  Where Moses introduces the fifteen commandments, drops a tablet, and then introduces Gods' Ten Commandments.
1	i just wanted to let everyone know that the Gamma Omega chapter initiated 14 lovely girls on April 10th!
1	i got five new cds in the mail today. i love when the come early   kelly clarkson - break away live - awake; the best of live james iha - let it come down green day - international superhits the lord of the rings - the return of the king  fun fun. too bad i haven't received the $20 purse i purchased from a chick off the internet over a month ago! yeah, she's going to get an earful...
0	Just a question, why does no one comment on my journal?!  It used to be a new comment from everybody every time I posted.  Now, nothing.  What's going on people?
1	im making a happy entry IM HAPPY :)  ok so in lunch we were talking about our early elemnatry days, and we came across the topic of tose sanrio books u know the ones where eachperson had like their own stamp and u had 2 put "best looking" "most popular" fav song" etc etc soo i rememebred this one time we were in megans house and we were looking through some of her old shit and we found one of those books she had when we were all in 7th grade so we start reading and then it said FAVORITE HANGOUT PLACE: (and i put) MY DADS HOUSE:) NICEST PERSON: (and i put) THE POPE  i was such a dorkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk haha but im cool now i swear
0	after an incredible weekend with holly in New York, and an awesome night with sofia and christina last night things have gone downhill. i'm not doing well, about many things. i need a break and this weekend isn't going to provide that in the slightest. i have to write an engish paper, in and among the party i have to go to friday night and be social with a bunch of people i don't want to see, orchestra rehersal, working on my art history presentations, and working on punch bigtime. this is not me at all but i wish i could get drunk like everyone else did last night. i don't understand why everything gets piled on me all at once, i just can't handle life when it gets like this. and now i'm off to massage my sore muscles, do homework, and write my lake forest scholarship app. that was due yesterday. shit.
0	This morning, I had what can only be described as a Nyquil hangover.    ... easily solved ... I took Dayquil.    Darn this relentless, never-ending, cruel and respitorily-contricting flu!  22 days til I get to be home. 26 days til I get to be warm.
0	My landlady just called me.  She asked me if it was OK for cleaning people to come in tomorrow. I guess tonight is my last night here. It's only the place and I was planning for this to happen. I thought I'll have one more day but it doesn't really matter.  Today was the last day I came home here. It hit me all of the sudden. I have so many wonderful exciting things ahead of me. Why does this make me so fucking sad??!!
1	Well Hawaii is great, better than great.    The fruit here is really really good.  I don't know if I'll ever get enough of the stuff :)  I thought I would miss the snow around Christmas, but really I don't.  Brad is taking me surfing later which should be fun.  I don't know if we'll go to another luau for Christmas Eve, though a couple of the last one's we been to have been.... good *grin*
1	so it turns out I grew 2 inches sometime in the last year!!! 5'6'' baby!
0	I know it has been a whaile since my last post, but I have been extreamely busy, and I have seen most on my list on a somewhat regular basis.  I'm not sure when my next post will be or the next yall might see me.  Due to a drastic change in my life I don't know what I will be doing anytime in the near future.  I have had a maor change in my life  so I will be taking sometime to do some personal soul searching.  I hope that I might talk to yall sometime soon.  I hope yall are doing well, and all is going well for yall.
1	Hello random person, yes you ARE lost....its ok, just continue on your search for whatever you are looking for.  If, in the insanely unlikely event that you are actually looking for me, I welcome you. I am very new to this wonderful world(LJ) and am slowly taking in all of the possibilities. This journal has no real purpose at this time. I plan on doing something in the realm of a Harry Potter RP, but that is in a good while. If anyone would be wiling to take the time to help this fledgling out, it would be much appreciated. Here goes nothing....
1	ok so I'm really bored...soo here are some of my favorite things      The beach on a sunny day in the summer           the sunset           New York           My friends (and anne who isn't there)          Coke          Orange and Pink           Ashlee simpson and Ryan Cabrera-haha anne           Friends           Music                 
1	         Your Brain is 60.00% Female, 40.00% Male            Your brain is a healthy mix of male and female  You are both sensitive and savvy  Rational and reasonable, you tend to keep level headed  But you also tend to wear your heart on your sleeve         What Gender Is Your Brain?         Today, well yesterday too, but today even more so, I feel like myself again.  PEople ask me how I am and I tell them good.  I told her what I think of her, he's doing better, Abbi's better, my work is still overwhelming but lets not think about that, the sun is too pretty today for that.
1	ohhhh weeeeeee....  in less than 12 hours my babeh will be home!!!! yes... happy happy joy joy  pasalubong!!!!! weeee...  actually ako pa nga ang may pasalubong sa kanya eh... hehehehe so excited...  i wanna see him tomorrow na... but there's always the next day he might wanna rest... basta sa wednesday i HAVE to see him... coz im not going to batangas with my family coz he's coming home... im sure i'll see him... yun pa... harharhar
0	This entry is a lil' late for Christmas but it is in memory of all my loved ones that have died.  "Mom, we really miss you & still remember how much you loved Christmas.  We just wish you would not have closed your eyes forever.  Merry Christmas mom, we love you so much and miss you."  Here's to you mom:   - Red Water (Christmas Mourning)-  Wake up, it's Christmas mourn Those loved have long since gone The stocking are hung but who cares preserved for those no longer there six feet beneath me sleep  Black lights hang from the tree accents of dead holly  Whoa mistletoe (It's growing cold) I'm seeing ghost (I'm drinking old) Red water Red water Red water chase them away  My tables been set for but seven just last year i dined with eleven goddamn ye merry gentlemen  Whoa mistletoe (It's growing cold) I'm seeing ghosts (I'm drinking old) Red water Red water Red water chase them away.    
0	so lazy jerk scott (not really) isn't going because he doesn't feel like snowboarding. hellllllllllo, mammoth? and if not for snowboarding, just to hang out with a few friends. oh well, his loss. as long as he does some bass while i'm gone i'll be happy, but I'm still sad he's not going. I really really wanted him to go :(
0	There's nothing much to say. School is really hard this semester and pretty much driving me insane but ill get through it. Diana came down this weekend and we had a great time like we always do =). I miss her. I'm getting along with all the roomates and hoping that i get into empire commons next year (on campus appartments) so i can get my own room and AIR CONDITIONING and a big bed.. umm. my intention was to jam with a lot of people this semester but that isnt happening cuz i havent even had time to touch my guitar..that sucks but oh well. ive been playing tennis twice a week and thinking of joining intermurials this fall or spring to get in shape..but i dunno..i guess thats it kids.
1	  It’s my birthday !!! Woo Hoo !!!          &nbsp;          I already have everything I’ve wished for    J             &nbsp;          I love you BD,     
0	they took off my beloved UNFILTERED on Air America and replaced it with Jerry Springer (??) yuck. bummer.
1	Made +7 cop !       thx to that prince~!!!:`)   -ps  anyway getting those weird keyboard errors, n somehow i cant type my e-mail -- cuz when i do type @ , text erased n back to nothing...  also cant tittle as well as b4, maybe my keyboard su ck cuz its french 1, but i will try english 1 soon ... if it fix bugs...  -topforce~ 
1	i'm going to Cirque du Solioe! i don't think i spelled it right! but what ever! it's supposed to me AMAZING! and, i'm going with my brothers girlfriend, the oh so lovly cheyenne! i'm going to love this, i bet!  ~alyssa
1	Today was an ultra good day. Originally i didn't have to be in school until 10:45, and i would have 3rd, 4th, 6th, and 7th hour, but i had 4th hour off because of the play so i figured i would just skip 3rd hour and go to school at 12:15, then melissa called and told me that all play kids had 3rd hour off anyway, so we went to bankok, but i wasn't hungry because i had waffles for breakfast, which was very nice. so i got coffee, which is always a good thing, and then we did the play and it was over at like two o'clock, so now i'm home, and i can relax before soccer. i like not going to school. .. alot. tomorrow i have a whole day, plus a soccer game, plus the play, but then the weekend! this is good! last night i watched silence of the lambs, thats such a scary movie. i made sure the doors were locked like 4 times before going to bed. so yeah, good stuff
1	Thank goodness for space heaters. :D Our room is nice and cozy, so not much winter homesickness from me! ^_^  Only 15 more days until Valentine's Day~~~~~~ &lt;3 &lt;3  fabulous!  All of my friends can expect cards this year as usual, with homemade chocolate treats! (chocolate chip cookies for Kevie, of course~)     How are things holding up, sweetie?
0	Hello people (wow i havent posted in a long time dont wory i'm not dead oh and sorry im not dead =P) how is evry one umm i dont realy have any thing to post (but i miss jenny =() ::tear tear::   ...yeah buy i gess........?
0	  i shouldn't have watched Diary of Sisters... the episode made me soo depressed... i haven't cried soo much in a very long time... sheters...  
1	I haven't been to Jordan in at least a year. And I'm in the mood for some Mahler...I think it's time to venture to the city Wednesday night.  We bought our tree, and put it up tonight. Jenna came over, so Zak didn't do much to help. She's a nice girl though, she hangs out, and Zak is a nice guy around her. I couldnt believe how tiny she is though.  Saw Sandra and Ryan for lunch, and I think Ryan's warming up to me. I really like their house as well, even if they paid over 400k for a house with plastic trim. It was a nice time, and the food was good.  My hands are cold. Usually means I'm getting sick....
1	Well i'm leaving tommorow and im sooo happy :0) Well not to MURYYYLANDDD, but to homewood suites than the 6 hr drive to MURYYYLAND on WED. Im super excited about my new school, but lets just hope its better than this one. GOD I hope so. I feel like such a bitch. I have been saying goodbye to people who i will never see again and i don't feel any ounce of sadness. ANother bitchy thing i did was a guy wanted to "chill" w/ me so i went over, smoked his weed and left. HAHAHA. I mean :( But i said bye to mike today and he said "don't change" and I certaintly hope i don't. I hope i get at least a C on my art history exam and a D on my greek art exam. Im such an over achiever!! HARHAR.
0	You don't realize how short life is until its too late.  My best friend lost her father Tuesday, he was 43.  I was with her when she found out.  It was horrible, very unexpected.  He left her a message 2 days earlier on her answering machine, she never got back to him.  That is what she regrets now, she didn't get to see him one last time, no last "I love you".  I hate this.  Seeing her like this.  Seeing her family like this.  I just want things back to normal.
1	Thanksgiving day:  I'm going to be in the MACY's Thanksgiving Day Parade dressed up as Ronald McDonald. Suhaila is dressing up as Ronald as well, and it's going to rule. Best news ever. Suhaila told me in the car.  Suhaila: Yeah, so Sarah... I don't think we're gonna go to the Thanksgiving Day Parade anymore. Me: WHY NOT?! Suhaila: Because they want our White Marsh MACY's to dress up as Ronald McDonald. Me: WHAT?! No way, we're going then. Thats amazing. This is a once in a life time opportunity here Suhaila. You won't be working at Macy's next year...and then I won't be invited to dress up as Ronald McDonald with you and hold a huge balloon on a float in New York on Thanksgiving. We're going. Suhaila: Haha. Okay fine.  :)
1	Did everyone remember that Shuse's birthday was Wednesday??  I was checking out the homepage just now and while looking through the special section, they changed the La'cryma insignia a bit! I think it looks mighty cool! The link for it is right here:  http://www.lacrymachristi.jp/images/10a ni-logo.gif  Or you can go to the homepage yourself to check it out (on the special section) What do you guys think of that new symbol?  Okay enough rambling. I got off early from school that's why it's a bit early ^^
1	I just found out that Garth Ennis (writer of Preacher, Hitman, and currently The Punisher, among other things)  had a hand in Hellblazer... in fact, he was writing it for almost three years. For those not familiar with Hellblazer, it's the comic the new movie Constantine is based on. I'm already interested in the movie, and I've heard from a previewer that it's pretty good. Looking over reviews of the comic, people like it too.  So it looks like tomorrow (Wednesday at work is typically visit the comic shop day during lunch... this sort of thing happens when you work on a game based on a comic) will probably feature me plunking down a wad of cash on a stack of Hellblazer graphic novels.  Or I could save 25-30% by ordering them online.... 'course then I'd have to wait for them longer than a day...  So I'll buy a couple at the shop and if I like them, order the rest online.
1	Well, Josh ended up calling me yesterday and asked if I wanted to hang out.  So after work I went with him to Golden Skate.  It was embarasssing cuz I can barely skate, what am I talking about, I can barely walk on my own, how did he expect me to skate.  It was fun though.  Lot of kids...yuck!  Then we went to this cafe and I burnt my tounge on the hot apple cider so he kept drinking it every once and a while to see if it had cooled down enough for me to drink it...how sweet.  Then we went to his friends house and watch Micheal Jackson music videos.  It was great!  So, haning out with him again Sunday......he's so much fun!
1	  i rele juss wanna  BANG  this one kid!       LOOK HOW&nbsp;PRETTY SHE IS WHEN SHE FALLS DOWN        &nbsp;     screamo makes me horney.  KAYLEA DAVIS=LOVE       MICHELLE,HANNAH,LAUREN,CARLY. I'll love you till our death and after     Heather Stearns and Samantha Colgate are my HEROS..i love you    FAIR WITH MICHELLE MORRO...wanna join us? 
1	 check out my senior pics...finally i got them up for all to see. yay! (i hope this lj cut thingy works, i've never done it before. lol) trying new things thatz me!    MY, I HOPE THESE R HOTT TO U, HOTT SENIOR PICS                                    
0	    Internet is expensive here in the hotel - 20 ringgits for half an hour - I will have to pay my cousin back.    Not happy news to report.  Will write more at another time.  Possibly.  If I (ever) feel up to it.    Wading through email... may as well, since I'm paying for this 100mbps connection.  Grr.    
1	 I LOVE YOU!    I LOVE YOU!    I LOVE YOU!    &nbsp;    ---------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- ------------    ON THE WHOLE A SHITTY WEEKEND&nbsp; BUT A GREAT LECTURE MADE IT ALLRIGHT    &nbsp;    ---------------------------------------- -----------------------    &nbsp;         ON THURSDAY it´s pay day (yay) AND I´M BUYING THIS CD....... 
1	 'If there is a spiritual home of the Royal Flying Corps (RFC), it is St-Omer. For most of the First World War it was a major British airfield – the largest on the Western Front – housing both operational squadrons and support units. It was also the site of Headquarters (HQ) RFC – located in a small chateau at the foot of the hill between the town and the airfield. Over 50 of the RFC's flying squadrons are recorded as having operated from the airfield, some only briefly, but others for extended periods – including 9 and 16 Squadrons that were first formed at St-Omer.'      On September 11th, 2004, a memorial to the British Air Services in France will be unveiled on the site of the original airfield at St-Omer (40km south of Calais, Normandy). I am planning to be there, and will report on the ceremony in due course.       More about the British Air Services memorial  
0	      nick, joe and beatty    nate        allison hitting on all the guys    jack and beer (everything big)    georges, neil, sean    montia and nate    neil and bret  
1	DOUGIE'S GOING DEEP TONIGHT!!!!!   P.S. Anyone else concerned Mueller just got hit on the knee he had surgery on in the offseason?
0	Just had a roofer come by, to see about patching a few shingles that took a flyer back in December. He says we need a new roof. Bummer. Have called another roofer for a second opinion but he won't be out until 1 April. Guess I have more time to get the house ready, now. Man am I bummed. Meh.
1	sadly, I'm back from Cuba...i didn't wanna come home, i wanted to stay.  the vacation couldn't have been any better...the weather, the wedding was absolutley perfect!! I had such an incredible, incredible, incredible time!!!!! I can't even say how much fun i had with everyone down there. it was a non stop riot for an entire week...just crazy fun!!!!   To top it all off... i met one of the most amazing girls on the planet there.  she is actually a friend of the bride but i had no idea she was going.  we met about 5 min after we got to the resort and hit if off right away and spent a lot of time alone with each other down there.  best part is she lives in London and we will be seeing a lot of each other...i'm very excited!!!!!!!!  anyway, back to the real world tomorrow....maybe i'll post some pics that i took down there when i get them developed...if you're lucky!!! see ya!
0	i just cut my bangs. they  were extremely long. they were below my eyes, i just cut them above my eyebrows. the rest of my hair is untouched. it is still to my shoulders. and big.  webcam in a few days. blahh#@%(#)*%)@#%
1	ok so the person who has gone around and anonymously insulted people through comments (who julie and i have an idea of who it is but were nto going to name any names for fear of hurting someone), julie and i are giving you a name: ms. weennie,thats your name get used to it, because we think this person is kind of a weenie for not saying who they are and publically humiliating people, ms. if your readin this because i bet you are i hope you feel bad and like a three year old for acting so childish, have a nice day! hopefully i'll hear from you again sometime soon!  Much LoVE  BrothaAA     
1	 http://www.stonesthrow.com/news/jagel/    jason jagel, who did the cover for mm...food has a show at the queen's nails on mission, i think it closes on monday, but we should go see it this afternoon. i have class till 3, but after that i'm down if anyone wants to go.
1	The weather looks great this morning! On they they said it would be 18 degrees Celcius today! :) Well, I wanted to watch Galaxy Quest and Muriels Wedding on tv tonight, but I'm not so sure now. Maybe I will enjoy the great weather as long as possible today. I love this kind of weather!!
1	I am SO EXCITED about dinner.  I recommend that more people get really excited about dinner and the sun rising going to sleep and other things that happen every day. Then life would be a lot more exciting.
1	Happy Friday!   Jason Mraz tonight, in Decatur Illinois.
0	so this is probably the last poem (or so) that I'll write for you. I am sorry it's not as full of imagery,   or as romantic,  or as good as the other twenty or so that I've done, that you never saw.  Trust me, they were better.  I suppose I rushed this one, once  I realized what it was I was writing,  just to have it over with -   the way we are.
0	Just when Erik did something incredibly intelligent by linking this site on  Fruitypants , he goes and buys a  Mac .  It is a sad day when the Cult of Mac brainwashes another otherwise intelligent person.  The scariest thing is that it will probably get me one day, too.  Let's remember all of our fallen friends:   Chris Ingram   Andrew Pilsch   Daniel "WT" Andrews   And now...   Erik Nelson   RIP, guys.
1	DID YOU KNOW...  squids can have eyes the size of a volleyball!
0	vegas is today paycheck is today bills today no monkey today i keep crying today ;-[
0	well my car died this morroning. That sucks so if you guys want to hang out you have to pick me up. I don't even have enough money to buy a car. So i shit out of luck. SO call me if you guy want to hang out. I hope to talk too you guys later.
1	   oh man. i am so completely happy and content right now.  and i love it. so much.    
1	My Best Friend Matt and his Wife Rachel have given me one of the Best B-day gifts ever. As matt put it " its 1999 all over again april 29 genitorurers w/ pitbulldaycare we are so going thats your b day gift!" I am unbelievably stoked! Thank you both you fucking Rawk!!!
1	Take a look at the following and draw your own conclusions :-)          &lt;M&gt;
1	Today we found out officially which weeks the hubby got off for the next fiscal year. (June 1 2005 - May 31 2006)  One of the weeks we wanted was July 11-15 so we can go to P-Town for Bear Week.  WOOO HOO, we got it.   So - to everyone on here - anyone else going?  Anyone ahve reccomendations about lodging?  Thanks.  See ya at the beach!  And no, I am not going to be at THAT dock.  ewwww.
1	I love new home. I am very happy. Mommy and Daddy are happy too. YAY!
1	Best concert in the entire world tonight!!!I love kenny chesney! he is my hero.  Dierks bentley, keith urban, and unkle kracker also rocked!! we had seats in the very last row but it felt like we were in the first!! I paid $60 for my ticket and it was worth every single penny!!  if i could see them again i would even pay double..man that concert was fricken awesome! but i gotta go finish packing bc i leave for florida at 10 am tomorrow!! PEACE B-Rand
0	i can't sleep again.&nbsp; It's really hard to sleep witout James next to me, and I'm really depress, cause over the last few days it's really hit me that James is gone. i mean i know he's gone, he's dead. It's always there at the back of my mind but part of me keeps hoping that he's gonna come back that i'm gonna find him. That he's just lost and lost his memory and needs me to find him and bring him home. But these past few days have been really hard cause i keep having realizations of "Oh my god, James is dead, he's  never  coming back. I'm never going to see those big blue eyes again, never going to kiss the lips of my true love, never going to snuggle up with my baby and go to sleep. And it sucks, it sucks so much, i mean i thought i had it all planned out it was perfect and i was so blissfully happy, and now i'm never going to have that happiness again. I'll never be truely happy again for the rest of my life.
0	I'd started seriously convincing myself that peace in Israel would happen within my lifetime, etc.   http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=s tory&e=1&u=/ap/20050225/ap_on_re_mi_ea/israel_exp losion   Shit like this still gets to me.
0	oh my days i really hate stayin in..!  I have been thinkin and i aint even sure bout leaving for college nemore..! I mean why am i botherin ..! when i got good mates here and i dont even no if im intrested in child care nemore cuz im actually quite boored of it ..  what shud i do !?  x
1	i woke up pretty early today...and I WENT TO CHURCH,ALL ALONE!!!! yes ladies and gents laura went to church. umm then i got home started doing some senior recital junk and then kate and i went to the galleria! and i did major bargain shoping, i love it when you find stuff on MAJOR SALE! our spring show is in 2 weeks...im a little scared and sad at the same time,but its all gravy! KATE IS THE CRAZIEST WHITE GIRL I KNOW,(just incase yall didnt know) ahh love ya! carli and denise came are over... seeing them alwasy puts me in a good mood. umm im out...tata
0	20/20 is doing an interview with the murderers of Matthew Shepard.   This is relevant, because the plea bargain they made to take the death penalty off the table was that his murderers would let it go. Would not talk to the media.  20/20 is helping them violate the plea bargain in order to air what promises to be a rather biased account of the "real story". More info at matthewshepard.org
0	ok scratch that whole dog thing.  im thinking about deleting it just so my journal isnt cluttered with useless posts.  it's not important.      im really fucking depressed at being back at school. i know id hate being at home because there my mom would just be nagging and yelling at me but at the same time i'm really really really not happy to be back.  the whole biostats thing really did through me for a loop - its hard to explain - im just obsessed about grades and i feel like a failure when I fail....which isn't that hard to understand but some ppl are like oh get over it.  i dunno.... im just really fucking depressed.  maybe i just need sleep.  i havent felt this way in a long time, that's all.  sure i get depressed off and on, i always will, but i feel myself slipping this time.  again maybe its just sleep deprivation....
1	It's always the day that I'm ready to throw in the towel he jumps back in my life. XD  We planned his trip up here. That made me happy ^.^  And I'd get 3 weeks with him. ^-^
0	So last night I was driving home way too late and managed to run up my car on a curb hard enough to throw off the alignment and damage the front-right wheel. :(  Car's at the shop now, I'll hear how bad it is today.
1	         You Will Die Orgasming To Death!  When it comes to sex, you're like an energizer bunny on crack.  While this is normally a good thing, you don't cool down when you should.  If you're going to bite the big one while your naked, it will be simple.  Too much fun, and your heart will give out. What a way to go!       How Will You Die Having Sex?       More Great Quizzes from Quiz Diva   
1	This morning I was lying in bed, trying to motivate myself to get up and start straightening the house. I started hearing sirens racing down the MLK which is not at all unusual. Then the sirens started getting closer, and closer. And then I heard voices outside the window which has me start thinking that maybe MY house was on fire. So I got up, and looked outside to see about a million cops, firemen and neighbors. So I went outside and looked around the corner to see flames shooting out of the windows of the abandonded house around the corner. CRAZY!!!!!  Unfortunately, both the phone and electric lines are in front of those houses, so my house has neither right now, and I have an online exam to do so I had to come to school.   Spring break starts in 5 hours THANKS GOD!!!!!!!!!!!
1	      &hearts; Erika and  &hearts; LM        Secretly had four robot children.  Enjoy opportunities to whisper to each other sweetly.  Disappoint their fanbases by always staying together.                  Orchestrated by   ianiceboy          i cant wait to see my wife!!!  i miss her guts so much its killing me, but in a great way!  WIFE 
1	         Your Christmas is Most Like: A Charlie Brown Christmas                  Each year, you really get into the spirit of Christmas. Which is much more important to you than nifty presents.          What Movie Is Your Christmas Most Like?   
1	i'll be gone all day flying across the country into the arms of winter, and my girlfriend *g* should be there three weeks, then back here for five, then moving there for good. yay!  if i owe you a comment, i'll get it done when i get back. er, when i get to her place. y'know, like, tonight or tomorrow. so don't go spamming up lj while i'm gone!  you know some stains just never come out... 
0	I just got a very bad phone call. Mrs. Karen Spetoskey, who was a wonderful person and acquaintance, as well as a customer of mine, passed away Saturday evening. She'd been having problems with her cardiovascular system which the doctors had been having trouble pinning down. I guess they took her to the Mayo clinic last week and they thought she was getting better, but then she had a heart attack. She was only forty-seven, and she was such a wonderful person to know and talk to, I can see where her daughters get it from. The wake is probably on Wednesday and the funeral Thursday. I know the Lady takes people when it's their time to go on to a different life, and I hope Karen gets a nice little afterlife vacation and then goes on to a good incarnation doing whatever she ever wanted to do most.
1	I still feel like I'm barely fending off getting sick again, but I'm hanging in there and trying to get things done.  I finished my homework for the week, and since next week is Spring Break, I can spend that time catching up the reading I fell behind on while studying for the bars.  Shouldn't be too bad, though.  Basically no amount of studying seems difficult when compared to the bar exam.  :P  So today's Splendidly Brilliant activities may seem quite ordinary, but they are really a continuation of my amazement at my newfound ability to get things done in a timely fashion now that I don't have to study.  And the Splendidly Brilliant thing about the taxes is that I will be getting a big ol' refund check, which will pay for most of me and  Rob's  trip to  Coachella .  :)   The Splendidly Brilliant Activity of the Day  Cleaning the bathroom Doing my taxes
1	Well we arrived in Camp Ramadi, we have a new mission though we all are not real sure what that mission is as of yet.  Would like to first make a shout out and say that Devoogd and Purcell say hello to there moms and that we get a kick out of the fact that our moms are getting to know each other,  thats cool.  So Ramadi, how fun is this.  I can only pray that we will all be alright and that we will get out of here together.  Time is really flying by we all can hardly believe that it is December, only a few more months and then we will be back in the US.  That day cannot come soon enough, but when it does I expect it will have been worth it.  I love and miss you all.  Take care and god bless.  Love, Travis Stewart  PS:  should be getting promoted to Lcpl soon,  yea!  I will keep you updated.
0	Well, everyone seems to be coming out of the woodwork with the "You didn't KNOW?" comments.  Heh heh heh.  Call me an idealistic fool for believing the "We want to be doing this until we're old like Santana" interviews!  Bwahahaha.  I mean, yeah, the four albums we got are far too fuckin' great, but when I look at tQMD and wonder what they would've done next, it makes me pretty sad.  In any case, I really hope they'll do a farewell show.  I mean, a tour would be good, but I really can't see them calling it quits without at least one more decent show in Toronto or something.    I'll be there.  Don't worry.  Start saving your money, Loren....  ;-)
1	Since       thastygliax    already let the cat out of the bag....  I'm going to have another baby.  Probably late June.  :)  This is one of the many reasons I'm not doing Yeoman this year, as much as I would like to.
1	     Which Johnny Depp character do you belong with? by cerulean_dreams      UserName           Age           You fall in love with           You meet    on waikiki beach in Hawaii      His friends think    you should dump him for them      Your friends think    He could do better      You will    have an affair then dump him             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 3.0  !     
1	Mum is going to participate in a talent show at church tomorrow. She is going to play the piano and the recorder. So I thought, what can a frog do? What talents do I have?  I think my talent is to be happy. I love to smile and do it just about all the time. So perhaps I'll go along and just smile all the time and thus share my special talent with the other people.
1	Tonight we had a birthday dinner for my dad.  He liked his gift, he said that I "did him a solid".  Yeah, I'd think so too if someone bought that for me!  On the way home I drove BRIAN'S CAR!  He drives a manual transmission, so I learned how to drive those tonight.  I only stalled twice, I'm very proud of myself.  I, of course, only knew how to drive automatic transmission before.  I just want to drive it more!  I wish my car was stick shift, they're so much fun to drive.
0	I competing in Mr. FBL today at FBLA contest and I sucked royal ass!  I got third, but only three people competed.  i wasnt scored well on things which I didnt agree with, and I didnt do too well on the written test.  but I did get a 91% rating on my business report.  I just want the Mr. FBL though.  it just made my day kind of shitty.  I even cried, how pathetic is that??? geez.  I think I just need to lay down after doing homework.  well something good did happen I got my second SSI check today.  going straight to savings.    Im a lil sad right now hope everyones day went better than mine.  LUV YAS
1	To make life even more exciting, I just found out that I have a trust fund set aside to be used to educational purposes, so I don't have to worry about financial aid or anything with the Lab Company! Life is coming together.
1	YEY!!!!! Anna (skizoeffectiv) made me new ROCKIN icons for on here &lt;3 :D THANK YOU HUNNIE!!!
1	Ok, here's 1 picture of myself tonight....the rest didn't turn out very well, because the camera is dying... I've also included the picture some guy took of me and Alex when we got engaged (he took me out on a nice boat ride, it was very romantic!)       My face looks kind of big in these, but they're my official engagement pictures, so I'm trying not to care.      
1	Deals got a new shipment of computer games in, so I bought them up.  -Bloodrayne -The Hulk -Apocalyptica -Double Pack: Golden Tee Golf/Viva Soccer -Law & Order II (Yes, I bought it)..  I'm excited. I love Deals.
0	I have realized in the last  couple of days, how much of a BITCH I am to people..I don't mean to be most of the time either...  People tell me alot, of how much  I'm mean to them or how much of a BITCH I am to them...Makes me feel like shit...  To get off a sore subject.. I only have to make standard on two things on my Scholaraly paper!!!woo hoo  LATER DAYS
1	I found out my semifinal match is tomorrow @ 3:30! I can't wait!
1	   7_04_05 london_uk brixton academy on sale: wednesday, march 2nd, 4pm   7_07_05 glasgow_scotland barrowland on sale: wednesday, march 2nd, 9am   7_08_05 birmingham_uk academy on sale: wednesday, march 2nd, 4pm   7_10_05 manchester_uk apollo on sale: wednesday, march 2nd, 4pm   These dates better not sell out this time =/
1	Voting is open in Stay dreaming!  http://hanson.left-untold.net/fiction/i ndex.php  you get to vote once a day until april 15th. Thank you in advance for your support!
0	Remember when I said La Hacienda was good? Well it is, it's very good. However, THREE times that I have gone in there, they have gotten my order wrong or forgotten something. Once I caught it, but usually I get it to go, so I end up at home with the wrong order. UURGH!!  Plus, I hate everyone.   And when I say everyone I mean me.
1	I have never wanted some one so much.  Kevin is all that I have ever wanted.  I can be my self around him and act the way that I want to.  I have never had that before.  I feel totally safe and comfortable with him.  He has become my everything.  I  hate being apart from him.  I guess that is why i said yes to marrying him. Becides the fact that he treats me like I am supposed to.  He is always there for me.  He actually shoes that he loves me.  He doesn't force me into doing things that I don't want to do.  I have never really been this happy. I amy have said that I was but I never really meant it.   I just wish that my parents would see that.  I Love Kevin Krahenbuhl forever!!!!!!!!!
1	      elephantgiraffe   's mad culinary school skillz:   
1	Week two of diet    I'VE LOST SIX POUNDS   I will be thin one day :D
0	      therealocelot    posted  this  ("Girl Blog from Iraq") today, about  the 13th anniversary of the Amiriyah Shelter massacre, and it just broke my heart.
1	im in multimedia and boring yea we have to critique yay... anyway cant say much cuz landry's watchin so... l8er...
0	And they cancelled Lollapalooza!!!! What is this nation coming to? Cancelled due to poor ticket sales. Sad, just plain sad. It is true that concert ticket prices are so high that most people can not go anymore, but STILL! We are talking Morrissey, PJ Harvey, Sonic Youth, Janes Addiction. I was trying to talk the hubby into going. Oh well, I guess he wins this one. :-( I went to ALL the other Lollapaloozas. It would have been fun to be a kid again...LOL
0	I was hoping to be the first one to wish my dear brother on LJ but that didn't happen now, did it? :( Oh well at least I wished him in person. I also missed most of his birthday coz of my sucky work timings but we managed a nice family lunch in spite of that. Well       bluesmoon    have a great year ahead and thanks for being the best brother ever.
0	Finally have caught up on all episodes.  Just finished watching  "Do No Harm"  with twin...   and cried like a little girl  ... I'm just so overly emotional sometimes *weep* *sniffle*
1	hey people i am glad to say that i am online for good now so i will be back to updating regularly.
1	[01] Reply with your name and I will write something about you. [02] I will then tell you what song/BAND reminds me of you. [03] Next, I will tell you who you remind me of, celebrity/animated or otherwise. [04] Last, I will try to name a single word that best describes you. [05] Put this in your journal.    Actually, I probably won't have time.  But try anyways.  I'm busy doing awesome stuff.  That's about it.
0	 I believe the running joke of the Future Ex-Wife came to an end last night, right around the time that it became apparent that I'm supposed to be some kind of errand boy.&nbsp; At least, that's the nice way to put it.  I might go so far as to say it was expected I be someone's bitch.&nbsp; Oh hell no.  Now, I'm the kind of person who doesn't mind doing nice things for people, help them out, when I can.&nbsp; There's the important part:&nbsp; WHEN I CAN.&nbsp; If I have something else going on, then it's me first, everything else can wait.  That, it seems, is an unacceptable point of view.&nbsp; It also seems that doing one nice thing a day isn't enough.&nbsp; Oh well.&nbsp; The line has to be drawn somewhere.  I'll just consider that bridge burnt to the ground.&nbsp; It was a good couple years.&nbsp; One-sided, but good.  
1	I'm going to the Creed concert next week.  It has been about 8 years since I have been to a concert.  The last concert I went to was Metallica and it wasn't that great.  I hope I enjoy this one.
1	When I was little, I wanted to be able to tell people I believed in fairies. Now I see them in the Christmas decorations every year.  When I was little, I wanted to do magic. Now I'm about to finish studying at Hogwarts.  When I was little, I wanted to have an owl named Archimedes. Now I have one, and he's grumpy too. ^_^  When I was little, I wanted to be like a character from Jane Austen's novels. Now I have a Darcy-like boyfriend who lives in wizarding Bath. *sends kisses*  When I was little, I wanted to study something old and interesting. Now I'm about to go into research about archaelogy and Ancient Runes.  When I was little, I wanted to find Camelot. I'm still working on that. :P
0	"You want to know about voting."  "I'm here to tell you about voting."  "Imagine you're locked in a huge underground nightclub filled with sinners, whores, freaks, and unnameable things that rape pit bulls for fun, and you ain't allowed out until you all vote on what you are going t do tonight."  "YOU like to put your feet up and watch 'Republican Party Reservation'"  "THEY like to have sex with normal people using knives, guns, and brand new sexual organs that you didn't know existed."  "So you vote for television, and everyone else, as far as your eye can see, votes to fuck you with switchblades."  "That's voting."  "You're welcome" -Spider Jerusalem, Transmetropolitan
1	Well kids today is the official moving day. Excited much? Uh YES. As excited as I am, it feels kind of weird. Just weird to think that I won't be living here anymore. Anyway we won't have internet till about the middle of the month... sooo I shall be offline until then.  If it's super important come tell me in person. And if you're not cool enough to know where my new house is... well, then, it must not be that important ;)
0	Well wuff and torrle just left for Ceder point and your probably wondering why i'm still here.I backed out of going because the past two days of work have drained me to much to really enjoy the weekend with and need to rest.I feel really bad doing so because my wuffy really wanted me to come along and the plan was to do so but the way things went this week i was doomed to not be able to.I need to rest up and work on the fursuit more..basicly finish it off and such.I haven't felt like this since midnights which rather scares me because i left nights to join the afternoon shift to escape this feeling.I've really been feeling old lately for some reason.Party of me really wanted to go but my body is saying rest.I feel like such a heel.
1	 Kate and Tori's Graduation Party      Katie....starting a band?  .....fact or fiction? Ha! Meghan certainly seemed....umm.....enthused....  Hmm.....Mike! Can you do anything? ....besides play trumpet? If so ...contact us. Heh.  Signed,  The Doc
0	kevin smith has lost it. or should i say since everyones been using new modest mouse lingo, but this came from mel first in my book... kevin smith has lost the plot. i knew it looked awful, but its kevin smith! josh and mel and i were just discussing his messiahship potential and this comes out! it embodied everything about movies that kevin smith has spent his career railing against, and i dont think he was being ironic - he took it seriously! he used the birds and bees talk for cheap comedy and didnt even pull off a good laugh... the spotlight dance at then end and fade out... and the sentimentality that was rediculously predictable and i couldnt even feel it! way too much ben affleck for me. anyway, i was floored. the melly was floored.  and disappointed. please tell me theres still room for redemption! *sigh*
1	   Guess what?!?!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  I won the lottery!!! It's fuckin ridiculous!!! =)        &nbsp;      AAHAHA!! April Fool's!!    i wish!! =P     &nbsp;    But anwayz...i do have other good news! I'm goin to fuckin Texas this summer!!! June 7th wit my baby!! how awesome is THAT?!?! pretty flippin awesome I say...Galveston Island and 10x better with the love of my life!! =)     MEEE!! in like 2 months or so:      http://www.portpublishing.com/images/tem p/Galveston%20Island.JPG      http://www.drbeach.org/drbeach/texas/pic tures/galveston_island.jpg      http://www.angelfire.com/nt/mcqueen/imag es/Galveston.jpg  
0	Having a f'list full of Shannon/Boone 'shippers is just really  depressing  today. *flails*  Meh. I have to go and get my hair cut. Um. I lead a full and interesting life! ;)
1	Robin n Katie n Naomi n Chelsea are home from Florida! I was worried they weren't gonna make it home before the hurricane!! It's good to have em bacck! On another note I've been starting to talk to Eric (from NYC) again, N i am happy about that. I ahdn'tt alked to him in a while n I as started to think he didn't want ot talk to me lol.gues i was wrong ! I wanna actually meet him tho, cuz it's a  little better than just talking to him on-line. I can't wait till he comes back form New York cuz then we r gonna go bowling lol....still can't beleive he's never been bowling! he probably still end up beating me lol Mikes reception is 2night!! It's gonna be soo muhc fun!!
0	so. my day goes up and down in a matter of seconds. ok, so not sure wats happenin today, just talked to andrea, she said we might do sumthing, shes gonna call me later. grr gotta go to the gym todayyyyyyyyy.  umm umm yea blah. woke up dis morning at like 10.50 and i had to go pick my lil sis up at 11 from mercy. yep nice job gia. lol.  shhhhhhhhhhhhh. tomorrows brandons bday! ;p &lt;3 bra &lt;3 hes my bff!  erf...tomorrows the 28th!!! ;x. ::sigh:: for those of u dat dont kno why im sighin....long story. ;x lol grr ...enough said.  
0	Today is not a good day.  Actually today is a really sad day, but I don't know if I am at liberty to talk about it yet.  But when I know if I can, I have a feeling I'll be talking about it alot.  Love Love
0	Could someone who reads this that has cable get the song Maha Kali by Dissection and zip it up and send it to spawnyoneATgmail.com? Ive tried Kazaa and its not on there at all, nor do I know anyone who likes Dissection so I cant ask them to send me the song, and im only on 56k so I dont want to go downloading 8 different filesharing programs to try and find one song. So. If anyone could do it, they would be the recipient of many worshipping smilies.
1	  Hey,  SPECIAL ALERT  TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:     Tomorrow, 5:30, Tinseltown :   SIN CITY        Open invitation to whoever wants to have some serious fun and awesome movie action. I am trying to get a big group of cool people to go!          &nbsp; 
1	I am now done with finals and I'm flying out to California in just under 9 hours! XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD  I can't wait to get home, relax with friends and family and just have an absolutely wonderful time until I have to come back. I am not going to even THINK about school or research. This is my much-needed time off. Maybe I'll even be able to see everyone I want to see! Oh I can't wait!
0	Since this has become a "spammer" site lately, I see no reason to hang around....bleech!
1	My visitors are on their way... should be here in a couple of hours.... Oooohhh!!! I am excited. Must go and have breakfast before I need to go and collect them from the station.
0	Calculus, that is.  Not that the past few days of my life have been peachy, but compared to trying to do millions of calc problems that you don't understand in one day, they're ok.  I don't want to go to class, and this livejournal is my sad, sad attempt to not.  I have more than an hour before class though and I'm not going to type for that long.  *sigh*  On a more happy note---assuming I don't kill myself tonight in a calculus-induced rage, I'll be going home this weekend to rest and relax in the fine town of Avon.  Other than plans with Lerin on Saturday, I've got no plans.  Call me.    Oh yeah, and I'll also be home the Saturday after this to work at the Blockbuster.  Fun times.
1	For once...I understand my stats homework!! Thank you Jarred, You've saved my life!    Now...I must sleep
1	Well today was our pep rally and it was fun but we all coulda been louder but sure...anywayz...so um lets c i video taped pretty much all day today and got some interesting thing...CHRIS STOLE MY VIDEO CAMERA AND THOUGHT IT WOULD BE FUN TO TAPE BRIAN BEDARDS BUTT AND WATCHED HIM GET DRESSED AND THEN HE TOOK IT IN THE BOYS LOCKER ROOM AND PUT HIS BUTT ON THERE...GOSH WHAT A LOSER...lol...but anywayz...tomorrow is snowball hope its fun and hope yea just hope...ok and yea Peter i love ya i prolly wont c u before u leave so have fun be careful...but most of all RETURN...but yea thats pretty much it...   pe@ce the f out  Love ya'll....:)
1	Alright, this is a quick little entry before I leave for class and then Rochester then Mars Volta then who knows what!!! Yay! Then I have to rush home Saturday afternoon to be home for my parents and clean up a bit. Hopefully won't be too worn out. They're bringing my bass. Score. I'm going to see APC with some of my favorite people in the world!  Less-than-three's to everyone.  Cheers.  Oh yeah, Happy Birthday to yoooooooooou!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	We had a big band meeting today, and we have decided two things:  1) Simon Price must die.  He covered the Manics after they all went wrong (i.e. when Flicker, the only real member of the band was sacked), and he will pay for it. 2) We are no longer called Crucified Whale, I mean what is this, Schlock Metal?  What the hell were we thinking?  We are now called Sherlock Shithead, because the truth is always reactionnary.  DEAL WITH IT.  I'm going to bed for a few days now...  Oh, I need new avatars now.
1	I saw Chicago the musical this afternoon with my daddy. It was good! Too much butt for one musical (my little eyes). They were very basic with their set on there was none. I guess there didn't have to be. Poor techies were out of jobs. There was only 3 fly cues so sad.     Yesterday I went into a transvestite store that was so scary! The man/women or what ever the heck it was so scary that worked there. There were so many Madonna and Cheer things and tight clothes so scary. I found my petty coat or whatever the white thing that goes under the dress what is it called? I got that and made my bloomers whoop! Can someone tell me when the costumes are due??   My mommy just gave me my easter gift a cuuuuuuuute little duck and $10 bucks whooop   LIFE IS GOOD!
0	Any of the physio folk get question #5 of Section7? If so comment or tell me over AIM.  Anyway, nothings new, Im depressed nuff said.  In other news they're making SOCOM III for the PS2 hopefully they've fixed all the problems that occured in the 1st and 2nd one.  wow thats such a short LJ entry...I am ashamed DX
1	i'm naked right now. buck ass naked.  momma is out running errands for a few hours, and my dearest sister is gone for the weekend.  chris is scratching my head.  he's buck ass naked as well. it's fucking gorgeous out right now.  chris and i were gonna go lay out in the backyard naked but the damn kids next door are outside playing.  so we're gonna be go assholes somewhere else.  be jealous
1	house of 1000 corpses party at Stephs tonight.  i haven't seen it yet... so i'm excited. i'm ready for some gore, it's been a while. bye.
1	My boss just gave me Saturday morning off so I will not be a piking whore at geekend. Sorry westy, I'll make it up by being a camping whore instead.   FLAK CANNON!!!
0	I don't know what to say here...something terrible has happened...this monday my sisters boyfriend died...my friend...almost a part of the family, he spent christmas with us...everything is so absurd, not real. Nothing will ever be the same again and so many people are missing him...
0	So I got the new Idlewild album.  It's crap.  As was the last two REM albums.  S'a good job the Bright Eyes albumen where bloody good  or I'd have completely run out of bands to follow.  Well, except that I'm off to see both Idlewild and REM in the summer.  'Scuse me for not being terribly excited by the whole prospect.  Idlewild are slowly turning into Travis, it's a terrible thing to have to witness,  from Minor Threat to Travis.  This is exactly why rock stars should die young, or at least mysteriously disappear.  There's a new Queens of the Stone Age record out in a week or two, the first since Josh Homme sacked Nick Oliveri.  My hopes are less than high.
1	i know what i'm doing with this now! no caps, no holds barred, and most importantly, no pop culture! this will be filled with personal shit -- whiney shit i don't want /everybody/ to read. that way, i won't have to be careful about what i say -- anything goes with *friends only*!  hehe... oh yes... there's been too much i've been reluctant to post in my /other/ blog... let the games begin!
1	Hey there, Mr. Blue, We're so pleased to be with you, Look around, see what you do, Everybody smiles at you...
0	hell yeah the terror show is sold out that means its going to be a good show
1	I am 18  Wow  It's like being 17 but more likely to go to jail  I have more holes in my body Don't tell anyone if you know where plus The lovely ladies at my work gave me a $30 certificate to High Priestess  Hott  What should I get pierced? VOTE
1	Bye everyone I'm leaving this community. I'm bored with it, hardly anyone is in this community. Besides there's to many bi and gothics people in here. I will not do the app. over again just to make some of you bi and gothic people happy and to the ones who are not like that (not very many) I hardly heard anything from you guys. Bye.
0	Today was my last day at work. My first working period is over, and I will be moved to a different work place for my second year of work/schooling. I really liked working with clients who have suffered brain injury and I will miss many of them a real lot. I will also miss all the great co-workers I had. I feel really sad about having to move on.   Last Wednesday my sister called me to tell me she's accepted a job in Geneva. She will be moving there this coming summer. My other sister lives in Toronto, and my brother lives in Brussels. I think it's great to have brothers and sisters all over the place, but it's also weird being the only one of us left living in the Netherlands.   I don't have a lot of really REALLY good friends. At the moment two of my best friends have fallen utterly in love. People in love tend to temporarily forget old friends. I know I should be happy for them, but at the moment I just feel lonely and miss them.
0	 Q uietly  Extending  Lonely  Nothingness.   On a Thursday in October...    /// 
1	I have never ever felt like this....it is such a good feeling, and I never want it to leave....I guess that waiting this long as been a good thing, cause it really makes me be that much more thankful of it, and truely understand it....  Ahhh....I wish everyone a wonderful day!!  XO
0	  Sorry for last night. I spent the new year passed out on my bed because i got drunk and stupid.  All things are forgiven and forgotten if your prepared to do it.  Found myself and christian down at the kfc after everyone scooted off in the morning.. i was so fucking hungover.  And now for the 5th time this week dads up the coast. The only night he spent at home this week was the night i was working so ive hardly seen him. umm yeah so last night went really bad but fuckit because i have hardly any recollection of what happened. All i remember is i was really weirded out at some point before i passed out.  shmeh times havent changed a bit.  Sorry to everyone who decided to come to my place instead of going and having a good new years eve.  wee. toodles 
1	Well it is almost spring break and things between room 15 and room 13 have seemed to calm down so last night my roommate Greg and I decided it was time to change that.  So well you can see for yourself what we did.  I think it is just awesome, if you ask me.         
1	I sit here listening to the movie "Finding Nemo" and have just finished my dinner. Dad got a new kind of trail mix, and he bought two bags so I jokingly hid it, but forgot where I put it so we kind of considered it not here. Well, I wanted to find it, so I went and I did! Yum! I am full. Such a good Friday.
0	DJ and I are dropping out of college.  Because of this, we won't have a standered internet connection.  Because of this, the RP may die off.  As much as neither of us want this, it's a reality we'll have to deal with amoung other things.  Likely, at least one of us will have internet acess once a week.  If we hve to slow the pace of the RP, we'll try, but it'd might be better to put it on pause.  However, we're wary of this because of knowing how good RPs die in this exact fasion.  It's been great you guys, our one-year anniversity is coming up and it feels like it's barely begun.  Here's to hoping this isn't the end, right?
0	almost every time i finish a good book i fight back tears. sometimes i let them fly. i hope someday, to do this to someone else, with something i create.  what have you read latly?
0	ok now i can find a reason to explain y i have been feeling bad e whole day. Cuz i saw a devastating footage of e victims of e killer waves. E shot of a helpless mother carrying e lifeless body of her son n weeping loudly really shaked me. LIfe can be so unfair and damn unpredictable. In juz a few mins a city can be ruin n lives can be lost. Out of no where there can be an earthquake n out of no where huge waves will come crashing down on helpless ppl. I feel so sad for them. Dead bodies were laid down like salted fish left out to dry. In juz a few miles away there were like tons n tons of ppl crying their hearts out n worrying for their loved ones n here i m typing how i feel towards e whole incident. This makes me feel so helpless n ashamed tt i can be in e such comfort while ppl r suffering outside. Fuck....... how i wished all these had not happened.
1	 I didn't update my journal for a long time, so I try to continue writing it from today.&nbsp;      Today, I went to Mall of America with Mitsu.&nbsp; It was the last time  to go there for me.&nbsp; I got a cloth at Forever21, and some Snoopy  stuffs.&nbsp; I took a picture with many Snoopy dolls.&nbsp; Sooooooooo  CUTE!!!!&nbsp;&nbsp; I bought about 10 Snoopy dolls in US.&nbsp; It was  a problem when I packed my stuffs, but I can't wait to display them in  my room in Osaka.&nbsp; They must be fabulous.&nbsp; I'm excited.&nbsp;  Mitsu will be done on Monday, and we have only a week in US!&nbsp;  Finally, we can go back to Japan.&nbsp; We have to make a list that  shows orders of restaurants we will go in japan.&nbsp; I may gain my  weight again, though.&nbsp; Anyway, I can't believe that we'll be in  Japan next week!!  
1	candace is going to be in rochester tomarow !!!  I cant wait to see her!!!
1	TODAY WAS A GOOD DAY. I'M AT MY AUNT'S HOUSE JUST KICKING BACK. I JUST FOUND OUT SOME GREAT NEWS. I REALLY HAPPY WITH ME SELF. I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL I GET THAT SPECIAL PHONE CALL FROM THAT SOMEONE SPECIAL. I THOUGHT I WOULD NEVER SEE THIS GUY I MET LIKE 4 WEEKS AGO. IT TURNS OUT I WILL AND I HOPE HE GIVES ME A CALL ON MONDAY.
1	 Mindless Self Indulgence  are on tour and they'll be at Emos on Thursday April 28th! This is wonderful news. I haven't been to any shows yet this year and this sounds like a great way to start off the season. Who else is going? Come on people, work with me here!  Ok, back to my chemistry homework, now.
0	The Good : Today.. I got addicted to a new game, and went to a bar and played trivia..  The horrible : My girlfriend, who i loved so much, broke up with me, but.. -cough- life moves on!
1	After all the hype about my kitten back in May, I realised that I haven't posted any kitty pictures.  Bryson is now about 6 months old and all cat now...        Predator    A lovely one of Bryson    And the man himself!   Aren't they cute :)
1	I'm going home to see Josh Groban in concert!! Have a great weekend and I love you!!
1	I'm going tonight to pick out my wedding dress!!!!!!! I'm all excited and nervous!  I'm also the world's most indecisive person...so I'm gonna ask you all for your opinions.   Which one do you like better??  www.maggiesottero.com  Martina Vincenza (not with the red, all diamond white) Dion Dorian  and I promise I'll stop obsessing over this one day soon...
0	I feel exactly the same way as       jdulac   . I sit here miserable, yet look out the window at the peaceful flaming beauty of Autumn.    Maybe it won't be so bad.  Maybe the constitutional amendment won't pass.  After all, the equal rights amendment never did.    Perhaps abortion will not be outlawed completely.  Perhaps the supreme court will not effectively cancel the bill of rights.  I won't die, and I won't give my son to any unit of the armed forces.    Maybe we'll get a miracle in the Middle East, not terrorists with nukes.  But I'm amazed I'm so depressed about...politics.
1	Yup, got everything working again, including my sound, which was why I changed in the first place. Instead of doing Debian I've decided to go with Slackware 10. It's nice, and I really like the GNOME desktop it comes with. I'm sure I'll post a screenshot soon.  I've got a lot of installing to do again, fresh systems are like that. But I'll be fun :-D  Anway, I'm off to bed wif my Josie.  G'night all!
0	wow.  with a few exceptions....  this week sucked.  hopefully next thursday will make up for it.  grant never showed up. havent't heard anything from him. he was supposed to be here wednesday.  I didn't make call backs.  i failed a midterm.  not my week.   *sigh*.....ok, now I'm going to sleep and try to get away from it all.
1	      goldrose    submitted a pic of me to  kittenbreak !!  I hope I get in. I'm so cute...
0	So I found out today that this will be the last couple of months in MA...there was a possiblity of me staying but I did not get accepted into MIT.  It makes my decision much easier but at the same time I wish I had the choice to stay if I wanted.  The good news is that I was accepted into Purdue so that makes another school...
1	hello, newyearseve was great, had a great time. trying out this new picture thing because my old one was really negative, not to sure about it though, bit compressed. oh well, byeee ya'll
1	    Merry Christmas all!   Now back to looking for goodies and burrowing.
0	i guess love is never really over.     i said goodbye again, but only for a month.
0	take your pick.  drugs or me.      this was me 2 years ago.  wicked pissah. fuck you and your stupid antics. your girlfriend is ugly. CYEAH ROIGHT MAN!   rorys all like: --------------- rorys all like: looks like a  rorys all like: chipmunk oh chrissys on: NO KIDDING rorys all like: like you know when they gather rorys all like: up all there nuts for the winter and store them in their cheeks oh chrissys on: oh yeah.. hes got acorns stuffed in there. rorys all like: shshahahahaha
1	HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! too my good friend Alex Cherry.I hope you get all you wish for and get to hang out with some bad ass people and have a good time.You have been a great friend over the years and I am thankful to have you in my life.I am slo glad you are here celebrating one more year of life as an incredible person to know and befriend.I wsih you the best and many blessings and happiness in this next year of life.*hugs*
1	Wow... I just watched Kerry wipe the floor with Bush, and it was one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen...  You just mad, Dubbya, 'cuz tonight, you got SERVED.
1	And its got the first bits of Alan Rickman as Marvin the Paranoid Android!!!!!!!!   http://www.ugo.com/ 
0	Joe Ross transcended recently.  His body was found in his house yesterday, but no one is certain how long he'd been gone.  Heart attack is speculated, but he was only thirty-three and very athletic.  In fact, he was training for this year's Chicago Marathon to take place in the fall.  Goodness, what sad news.  How very tragic.  An autopsy is being done to determine the exact cause of death.  I told Chris that he should run the marathon in honor of Joe.    Joe was Chris' first partner as a paramedic.  Joe was an extraordinary paramedic and wonderful human being -compassionate, diligent, and just.  He had an affinity for all creatures and was a very warm-hearted, down-to-earth individual who dedicated his life to being a civil servant.  I want to say thank you to Joe Ross for his contribution to humanity and for leaving the world a better place.  Rest in peace, friend and brother.  You will always be remembered and your hard work carried on.  
1	I have these old bananas in the kitchen...should I make banana bread or banana pudding? I'm leaning towards pudding. MMMMM.   Yesterday I went bonkers in the produce section. I bought strawberries, peaches, plums, cherries...and a ton of veggies. heh heh. I'm gonna have plenty of fiber.
0	I need to do something, but I don't know what. I just want to get away from everyone right now.  Maybe I'll just wander the city or something.   like way more real than real the world inside the glass that struggles to conceal the wreckage on the overpass and i cannot get my head i cannot get my head i cannot get my head around it baby because that's just not the way you make me feel 
0	*grumbles* *grumbles some more*   I hate my life. I can't remember if I have AIT test tomorrow or not. The weeks count is broken and I do not know when the test is. I don't want to fail this test.   Anyway. Here's more pretty Ban/Ginjiness. I swear, there isn't a single straight character in that anime. Not that I mind.    XDXD
1	The new Get Up Kids cd, "On a Wire" is on Audio Galaxy now.  It's all so amazing. It sounds nothing like the previous albums. It actually reminds me of Paul Westerberg's Stuff.  Hmm, I went to see Spider-man last night, with Snowy & Matt.  I really hate how movies nowadays, basically rely only on the quality of it's CG scenes to sell, the acting in it wasn't that great, eventhough it had a strong cast. Yup.
0	  The only thing  making me feel uneasy atm is       luthian01   . I miss him, I cannot believe it's been this long since he left this world. I found my old diaries from 1999-2003 last night upstairs in my attic, I had the funniest hand written letters from him, emails and silly things mentioned between us. I laughed and cried as I read the content. We were so silly together .. and I miss that.. so much. I remember that awful morning, how I heard that news, how I choke in disbelief, how the phone dropped from my hand, how i dropped from my bed in horror and cried like I never had in my life, how politics got in the way of me attending his funeral, how i said my last goodbyes to him alone.  He and I had a special bond.. never will I forget him.   Driving around in the van *boom boom* 2WS FM *boom boom*.. Marlboro lights in our hand *boom boom*.. gothics 'R' Us ... *boom boom*   Heheh Love you, Lucas boi xoxox 
1	I cannot wait to get Freedom Force vs. The Third Reich! I'm drooling at the modding tools. This game supports animated skins! Unlimited frames!
1	4 balls of wool "Lana Grossa" turned into a triangle scarf! Ok, I admit it's become a bit big, but I bet it'll keep me warm in winter. Especially when I wear a coat, because then I always have the problem that the cold slips under the coat.  Besides: I loved  yesterday's Friendly Hostility 
0	 I just made the most awesome puffy hello kitty lolita skirt and corset but alas I have no damn titts. Even the fact this thing has steel boning all in it and squishes my boobs does nothing. It just makes them look totally flat :/ I hate my breasticles. I worked all the hours you see between this post and my last, did a perfectly flawless job, yet the corset looks crappy on me ;_; I need boobs. The skirt is okay though thankfully... I guess I will just make another top to wear instead and freaking save the corset for one day when my boobs might not actually suck ass for once. I do not wish for porn star titties. I was fine with the way they were - Til I put my damned corset on! grrrr I just wanna...wear...my corset.... Life sucks :(    &nbsp; 
0	There were close to 100 bouquets of flowers there.  I don't think I could have handled going.  I know it's selfish, but it would have been too hard.  I feel like a horrible friend.  We have not talked in awhile and now you are gone.  It is different when someone dies at 75.  You were only 22.  I do not remember life before you, because we have been friends since I was 1.  I cannot accept that my best friend is gone.
0	whaaaa, i can't believe my thanksgiving vacation is already almost over, whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! i hope christmas gets here soon!
1	oh yes.     thats right.     new guitar..       ...i can't find all my money now.
1	Well today we had a family day Woooo how exciting lol NOT!!! We went to look for a dog for my brother and we found one but it will be awhile before we can get it. Anyway at leasy I had something to do today LOL!! Tomorrow James is coming shopping with me wooo it will fun lol!! However im quite sure she ready for the family or shoppin with me lol but hes a good sport he'll make it aww.. love ya James!! Well thats about all I'll tell you about how shopping went and if James survied (lol im sure he will hes great)!!Well im out.  Love ya, ~*!*Sarah*!*~
0	this weather fucking sucks!!! why can't it stay nice like yesterday??? now it has to fucking snow????? GRRRRR  to the max! school sucks as usual-too much shit going on. at least one thing is going right-so lucky to have you. Blah.
1	I completed my first moodtheme - featuring the delightful Brooke Davis from  One Tree Hill .  I've spent months doing this and it's all season 2 based.   Preview:       {Download from my LJ here} 
1	This morning Scaled Composites successfully completed their first flight in competition to win the X-Prize. There took off from the runway with the White Knight carrying SpaceShip1. They spiraled up and once they achieved enough altitude, SpaceShip1 dropped from the White Knight and ignited its main engine to rocket into space. After crossing the boundary of 100 km above the earth, SpaceShip1 glided back to earth, soon followed by the White Knight.  On October 4th, Scaled Composites will attempt their second flight, wining the X-Prize and potentially ushering in a new area of mankind in much the same way that Lindberg's flight across the Atlantic from New York to Paris heralded the age of aviation, bring the dream of man soaring with the birds from a dream to a possibility to a part of our lives.
0	So, no research position at Mudd for me this summer.  But there's still a possibility of a "Summer Research & Development" project sponsored by Green Hills Software, working an a distributed compiler.  ::Hope, hope, hope::
1	I've been gathering info from everyone who's contacted me about dates, and at this point, I think we're looking at July.  I was hoping for Spring, as it's a better time to visit the midwest, but summer is just better for most folks.  I'd like to get the date settled, so anyone who'll need to fly has plenty of time to get a decent airfare.  So, we need to decide how long y'all want to stay, and choose a weekend.  We usually camp with friends over the 4th, so that leaves us with the weekends of July 8, 15, 22, and 29.  Please, I'd  really  appreciate it  everyone  who's interested in coming will let me know your preference for a weekend and any weekends that you *can't* make it.  If you don't have a preference, tell me that.  I need to know who all is interested, as well as when you want to do this.  After this, would you prefer email or lj for planning?
1	Today I rushed through my examand finished it in 2 hours instead of 3. Don't even ask why...  I also began packing for my summer in california! I leave tomorrow.   WOO HOO! WOO HOO! WOO HOO!  Goodbye europe, you great big stinking loser of a continent!  I don't really mean that. Except for france.
1	seriously.  i thought it was hilarious.  bloody tom waits, bill murray, cate blanchette, and about a lot more wonderful people.  they're all there.  and - tom waits makes iggy pop or whoever the hell, look like a blithering idiot.  tom waits.  i love that man.  love.  but the last scene was probably the funniest.  i saw this motion picture with my sister you see, and she laughed hysterically through the whole last scene, and by the end of it i had tears streaming down my face as well.  i left it wishing cigarettes tasted better.  same with coffee.  tonight i'm taking my dad to see I, Robot.  at least it's free.
1	I had been thinking I should either find or make a community group for Dr. Who quotes.  So I hit the search page, I find yes there is a       doctorwho    community page already--then I notice it's active and OH YEAH, I had FORGOTTEN...  they're making a new series !  At least the trailer looks pretty good.  Apparently the first episode is on the 'net although it hasn't even aired in the UK yet (still hazy on the details at the time of this post).  Any fleeting reservations I might have over whether or not to search for the episode are solved by this  Doctor Who fan's lj entry .
0	 If anyone finds this, it means my plan didn't work and I'm already dead. But if I can somehow go back to the beginning of all of this, I might be able to save her. 
1	O____O OMG TEH EL JAY WERKS yeah anyway.. in computer class or whatever.. omg we're making webpages on our favorite artists/actors and i was like O_________________________O METRONOME I wanted to do Psycho le Cemu but everyone would question about Aya I also thought about Malice Mizer and M10M but then it was like Mana... I thought about Dir en Grey and i am still thinking XDDD It would eb so much easier! I could change it tomorrow too Maybe I should do it on them... :DDDD yay! no wait but i've werked to hard on metronome! I had to find all that info and pics and speaking of...I cant find any recent pics... someone help-u? :D   Jaaaa~! MiZUru
1	Wonderful little evening I just had.  Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
1	Today is a red letter day for the world of space science. Last night, the Cassini space probe successfully completed its 96 minute burn, dropping it neatly into orbit around Saturn. Now, we sit back and bask in the joy of hot, fresh scientific data for the next four years. I'm already drooling over the pictures they got of the rings, and can't wait for color stuff. Space science is cool.
0	I feel like shit. I'm a lame seme and I suck at reading signals and guessing what people want. &gt;_&lt;  I hope I havent really hurt anyone or made them really hate me by fucking up like this. :(  *sighs* I'm sorry.... ;_; I'm so sorry T_T
0	I dont know who made an aim account on my laptop or why they stole my buddy list. I have no job currently. I have a ton of student debt. I keep myself feeling happy somehow, but I think its running out. I have had interviews but I dont know if they will pan out. I have my degree that I dont think can be taken away from me. Things will get worse, but I'll do what I can to prevent that.
0	Hello everyone.  Cast list was posted, and i didnt make it.  I wish that i did, but i didnt, and life will go on.  Tech will be fun.  OOO and i am sooooo proud of matt!!! He got willard, and hes gonna do great!! congrats to all of you who made it, youre gonna do great!  have a great three day weekend everyone!!!   dont settle for the one you can live with, wait for the one you cant live without  XOXO ~LICIA
0	Well, I post that and I get a call from the place that they decided that they aren't gonna need me after all.  *sigh*  Great. Just great.  Looks like tomorrow I'll call all the temp places back and tell them I'm looking for work again.  *slams her head against the wall*
1	           Which Disney Movie Do You Belong In?          Name/Username         Pick One:     Animals  Magic  Beast  Fruit  Water/Sea  Space  Fantasy        Movie You Belong In:           The Amount Of Money You'll Bring In:      $558,580,283.63               This   quiz   by   jump5fan   - Taken 48592 Times.          New -  Dating Advice  written by YOU!       
1	 bonch writes "Following up yesterday's story, AppleInsider now reports that Tiger build 8A428 has been deemed the Gold Master for shipping. Sources expect an announcement of Tiger's completion sometime tomorrow." There are far better days to make a product announcement, should a company wish to be taken seriously, but it worked for Gmail!   http://apple.slashdot.org/article.pl?si d=05/04/01/024257&from=rss  
1	i went to the mall last night w/ andrea and heather- It was ALOT of funn! We saw Jessie and Sienna there which was really cool and we went to a whole buch of stores! It was a really great night-(except for when heather lost her cell phone)  i luv u all soooo much!!! &lt;333333   What did u do on your friday night???   ~*Comment*~
1	Being this happy when you wake up has got to be illegal. (especially after having cried because I was so depressed a couple of days ago :-/ ) Haha and that said, now I go to homework-land.  Oh wait - short story first - so I took a shower this morning and ended up with all sorts of grass in my bathtub - ermm wonder how that got there? ^_^  I am so excited - I get to do stage crew again for all three Once On This Island shows next weekend, and it's going to be so good and I won't screw up and yay. &lt;3!!!  We live in a beautiful world, no matter what comes.
0	Bad theatre makes me ill.&nbsp; Unfortunately, there's not an emotion selection for ill, so I can't use smilies to show exactly how I feel.&nbsp; Disappointed is my closest option.  Oh Krisdae, save us all from the perils of bad theatre.&nbsp; It vexes me so.  Paradoxically (love that word), I feel like I learned more about theatre production from seeing one bad staging of The Music Man than I've learned from seeing many of the other plays &amp; musicals I've seen that have actually been good.&nbsp; I do want to see the movie version now, just to compare how much they butchered the story.
1	One more thing....I am going to go and see the trees that maple syrup is made from.  The sap, the boiling of it, etc.  The pails, the pancakes....should be fun.  Can't wait....I love maple syrup sooo much.
0	first of all-- happy birthday grampa, wish you could still be here :(  so anyway..yeah, the allstar game sucks ASS!    today's kurt's bday too..    so..that's all for now :)
0	 Thinking to myself:  I wonder how many other dimensions lead away from this place? I wonder if one of them wouldn't mind an extra Ginny. I wonder if any of them has Harry and Draco, getting along...kissing...I want to go home, home to the Burrow. Home to my family. School's only just started and already I can't stand it. I remember how badly I wanted to go to Hogwarts during Ron's first year. I was the only kid in the house, missing out on all the excitment. Of course I got my fair share of excitment in my first year. But Harry and my brothers were always there for me...now I feel like I'm on my own.   *lies down along the bench and just watches everyone pass me by while the world...and many different worlds, continue*
1	   HAPPY COMPETITION CITYDANCE!! OUR "CITYDANCE" PARTY IS GOING TO KICK ASS!!        Good Luck Girls! I love you!       
0	I am feeling really down and worried right now.  I got a text from Tania at 1am whilst I was at work saying she had a suprise for me and to come online as quickly as possible, I texted her back saying I would be home as soon as I could.  In the meantime, I've gotten home, she's not online, and apparently she's gone to bed (according to her brother).  Even after txting her again she still hasn't come.  I'm secretly hoping that she just didn't get my txt and she's fast asleep.  But am actually really worried that she might be mad at me for having only gotten home at 2:30.  If nothing else, I'm just really sad that I didn't get to talk to her today.  Am feeling so alone right now...
1	updating from library.  new icon.   senior project will be painting    for poems, which should be quite cool     especially seeing as my academic advisor,      on-site advisor, and project supervisor are all       the same person who doesn't want to really do        anything.         16 days of complete freedom for painting. sweet.
0	I've decided I want to marry Prince Albert of Monaco.  He's bald and so thus fits into the GBO category.  And being Princess of Monaco probably wouldn't be a bad way to spend one's life. . .   just saying is all.  ;-)  I had a really poignant post about the Pope's passing but now they say he's still technically alive and instant news is very confusing.  But I'll hold off on that one and go back to shoveling stuff in the yard for a bit.
1	special thank yous! +D  christi waggle- remembering my swt 16! sorry for missing ur call! &gt;_&lt;   kristine the "HOT" one- being the first one to call me! +) and coming over to do a count down and sing ^_^  alice- PUCCA!!! +D PANTS! MEXICAN BLANKET! CARD!   i'll finish this later....gonna catch a movie w/ some ppl that are WILLing to spend $9 +P
0	It's one of those days.  Even though I'm bitchy and cold most of the time towards everybody ... I love you all. Really. It's not said enough, or it's said so much that it doesnt mean anything. But today... with every ounce of me, I say, I LOVE YOU. Because you NEVER know... you can't know... and that's life, and it sucks. But it's LIFE, and that's all that's important.   So incase you missed the message...  I LOVE YOU.
1	   Draco Malfoy    You chose the ferret-faced git. He is the self-proclaimed Prince of Slytherin, with the money to show for it. Maybe there is something underneath that cool exterior?  (btw, Malfoy is my favorite. :D His hair is so hot. *drool*)   Which HP guy is right for you?  lol brittney got ron so i decided ta take the quiz and i got juss who i wanted! lol
1	Well this weekend has been so much fun, I didn't want it to end!  Friday-  Howard came and picked me up and we went to the ballgame,  I think the football team did a lot better than they usually do- GOOD JOB GUYS*  After the game Howard and I didn't want to go to the dance so we set in his truck... then he took me home.  Saturday-  Howard came and picked me up and we went to his family get together.  It was fun but there was like 30 ppl. there and it made me so nervous.  Then we went out town but no one was really out so we came back to my house for a while. Then when he was leaving we saw some lights in my woods and that freaked me out but i think it was headlights from down on the road below my house.  Sunday- I went to my family reunion.  so much fun lol  Monday- 7 Months for Howard and I! YEAH I love him so much.
1	Okay so today I bought some new controllers for my old Nintendo. I've had the old controllers ever since I can remember and all the buttons were pushed in and I couldn't play any games.   I was crushed for weeks.   Then today the sun shown down upon me and I went into Willow Video which is actually a sweet store where you can get games for older consoles and rent(and maybe buy) for newer consoles. It's right accross from Willowbrook mall and it's now my favorite place to go OF ALL TIME.    I'm buying my ticket for DFA tomorrow. I'm stoked. If it's sold out I'll just be so so sad cause sold-out shows suck my dogs deflated nuts for free
1	OMG TORI I AM SO EFFING HAPPY FOR YOU!!!! HOLY BALLS THATS FRIKIN AWESOME!!!!!  YESSSSS!!!!!!!
1	guess I'll make this public, finally, officially.  am dating wonderful guy.  I could probably wax poetic for awhile, but I'll just say this: holding hands is the best thing ever.  studio deadline, what?
1	So last night was fun , I went out to eat with Katie marie .. then we went to see chris's band play with jimmy and nick. Katie got us kicked out for drinkig "my beer" lol . After that lisa and I had a slumber party... Now im tired as hell and I have to work tonight blow me..  Im supposed to be hanging out with lisa when i get off , dont know what we are gonna do yet. So if anyone wants to see our beautiful faces call us ....
1	saturday, myself and some kids from the Visual Forum group on campus  drove to st louis where we went art museum/gallery hopping, eating, and  shopping.&nbsp; sarah and kappy also met up with us.&nbsp; it was a  good day.                               sleeping on the way there at 8 am.          this wonderful sign was outside everywhere!&nbsp;    Amy: So its okay if i walk in waving my rifle?               posing outside the pulitzer.          lunch          me          at rag-o-rama.&nbsp; amazing. 
0	so tonight has been kinda sad and depressing...as most of you know, josh mckay died fri. night while camping...enough said...my cousin charlie was really good friends with him and didn't realize it till tonight, when i took my friend jeff to the wake for moral support (cuz i didn't really know him that well, i talked to him like 3-4 times) and we got there and charlie came out the doors balling his eyes out...it then hit me, and it's so hard because you want to make everything better but you know all you can do is just sit there and listen...so to all of my friends and family, i love you guys so much.  this is pretty much saying what kelly said, only in my own way...if i didn't have you guys there for me everyday, i don't know what i would do.  if you guys love me as much as i do you, let me know...(i.e. comment) so i know that everyone is actually there for me, i'm not just kidding myself...love you guys   TODD
1	I'm meeting Stevie at New Street at 21:15, and I am getting all excited.  Not doing too much this weekend (weather forcast looks horrific), but it will be fantastic to be warm and snuggly at night.
1	SO finally, I feel better guys. Thank gosh. The on;y thing is now I have a little nausea problem. Its okay though, cause now I am not eating so much!! Want to lose some weight? Get Food Poisoning. (that is not what I have but you know what I am saying.)  Any way I am going to sing with the Madrigalians at the Parthenon tonight! Not the real one in Greece...  but an exact replical at Centennial Park in Nashville. it is freakin amazing. The accoustics are gonna be awesome.  So in you face Chamber Singers, you could only dream about singing there! (it was an invitational thing only)  Alright, just practice the dance I learned on Wednesday, and now that I am not sick, I can actually do it. Girls, if you think I worked you hard before, you would not even be able to get the first 8 beats of Daryl's dance... heck, I could not even get the first 8 beats!  Aw' wight! Cal
1	my brothers friend gave him a pit bull puppy. well not really a puppy, she is like 2-3 months old i think so she is getting big. she is the sweetest pit bull ever. i'm terrified of pit bulls but when i came home the other day and went in to the backyard she came running at me and i freaked and my brother told me to just stay there and she came up to me and licked me. her name is Dosha. she is the best.  along with that everything in my life is going to amazing.
1	Right now, Mary Anne is laying on her stomach on my bed typing a journal entry on her laptop.  She is wearing the cutest pair of grey kitten print pajama pants with a simple white tank top.  She is playing her Vanessa Carlton cd.  Although the events of last night weren't pleasant for her, I'm sort of glad they happened otherwise she wouldn't be here right now.  On Monday, I'll probably have to change my password of my journal.  Nobody uses the name of the person they are only friends with as a password.  More on Monday night when I'm finally alone.
1	Happy Birthday to  Shalindria ! =)  Go send her stuff, I'm out of money for the year.
0	Ok so it was not my van they picked up, the VIN's don't match. Same color but not it. My van is still missing. This sux. I now have to take time off of work or maybe quit because I REALLY don't want to be walking/riding my bike/taking Septa around here at 2am when I get done work. Not to mention that it's a 15-20 minute car ride so you can only imagine how long it would be on foot or a bike.   The insurance company is giving me a hard time because I owe more then it's worth and it's gonna be at least 2 week before I can even get a new junker car.  Somebody shoot me PLEASE!
1	yea Hiii I'm alive and I'm smitten. =) I will be updating again cos now I have good stuff to write about.
1	Yes, only five days until the end of the summer.  And I could not be happier really.  Muncie is waiting for me with it's arms wide open.  I guess this really reflects that even though we had all the tragedy last year...it really didn't offend my opinion of the area.  At all.  It's still Muncie.  It's still Ball State.  And it's my home for most of the year.  Listening to a song just now, reminds me of other friends as well.  Kill Bill Volume 2 just came out on DVD this week.  That holds the memory of one of the greatest movies I have ever seen...and a visit to my best friend that I can't forget.  On the release date, I travelled up to Bowling Green, OH to attend Animarathon...and to see the one known only as...*looks around* ...Chelle.  I wish her luck and an easier year if she reads this.  I miss talkin' to you!
1	Off to the Misty Mountains today! I invited my dear  froggy   He's so cute. I don't see why the hobbits are afraid of him...oh wait the cannibalism thing....right. He calls me 'pony.' Maybe he could teach me how to fish...that'll be hard without opposable thumbs...maybe I should get a human form like Smaug did just so I can have thumbs....I'll ask Ulmo er something for that.  I decided I'm going to get the one thing hobbits like the most for Sammy as a wedding present, but I can't tell you~ It's a secret. Ooo! The suspense. I'm so excited for the happy couple- I'm all gittery. Here's a hint...begins with an M. I'm no good at riddles so that's the only hint I can give you....as if that doesn't make it extremely obvious.  ~*neigh*~
1	  oh man today was fine and its nice because im  happy  yes im happy. sure when i hear things about people it still kinda stings and i wish people could be happy with me and be happy that im happy finally and i dont like things that are going on around me but im happy i really am just right out happy.      its funny how on places you least expect. i was doing algebra and my mom was watching scrubs and these likes were being said like at the end when all the things come together and i heard this and it was like wow. thats me. and here they are so yeah.- nothing worth having comes easy.- You can naver capture the past but its something worth trying to do. and thats bits parts and some of my life in&nbsp;nice little bits.&nbsp;      law and order is scary.. ahh.but i have to watch it.the things people think of i swear its scary.      well i serioulsy have no more for tonight.      kayla marie*  
0	Forget human cloning, gay marriage, and all the other top headlines in the news.   Barbie and Ken are splitting up ? Say it isn't so!
1	About to go for a nap, but I checked my email, and...   I GOT IN!  *twirls and squees*  I got accepted!  I'm going to Cambridge this summer!  I'm going to Cambridge this summer!  I'M GOING TO CAMBRIDGE TO STUDY HISTORY!  Eeeeee!  Y'all know you want to write me celebratory fic.  *looks cute*
0	Well, the pictures don't seem to be uploading properly. And darn it, TechFusion still has my laptop (since late September). Apparently, Toshiba's parts are back-ordered or something. Well, at least Toshiba is paying for it. Grr... Heh, that's what they get for being unable to keep their records straight.  Or maybe I can't upload pictures because I dropped my camera. Hm... :(  Anyway, I pulled my second all-nighter at MIT this morning, less than a week after my first all-nighter. This time I stayed up until 7 to finish my diff eqs. problem set, which was due at 16 the day before. :( So I had almost no time to study for the chem test I had today. I think I bombed it. :( Eh.
1	looks like i'm going to see NFG, Sugarcult, and Green Day tonight. woot! and what makes it even better is it is me and nikkipoo and no one else =) yowza   
0	After writing three proposals to do the science I want to do, starting in December last year, being summarily bounced by two of them, and then yesterday being interviewed by a mob of renowned scientists, I have been told that my application for an advanced training fellowship has been rejected.  I get to wait ten days, (plus any further delay due to postal strikes) to find out why. It's pretty annoying, particularly as I'm the only one they interviewed for that particular fellowship yesterday. It's just lucky that I've got a fall back position, otherwise I'd be out of work from Christmas!!! Just means doing someone else's project for three years, instead of my own.  Glum.
0	something inside me keeps telling me "NO, she wouldnt do that to me.  not now.   not with all thats happened, and all weve talked about...NO WAY"  but i've been wrong before.  this is geting old.  everything that makes me happy is so far away from me.  its getting hard to fake it.  this pain has to stop.  im just tired and i want to sleep  "A tout le monde  A tous mes amis  Je vous aime   Je dois partir"
1	the best part of my day thus far was going back to work today..  after a nice, relaxing spring break..  & having one of my most loved 2nd graders, lydia..  come running up to me & wrap her arms around my legs & bury her face in my hoodie..   i love my job!  they're so brilliant- they hate the fact that my spring break is next week & that its going to require a substitute for the week..  apparently they HATE it when i'm gone..  hehe.  i worked w/ the moyers today..  which is uncharacteristic of a monday..  but i had a blast!  i had a really nice talk w/ mollie (the 7th grader) for over an hour..  about being a "woman" & about sex things..  & then spiritual warfare & seeing demons..  it was awesome..  thankyou Lord for the opportunity to talk to mollie..  xo
1	Being of legal age to perform magic is the best feeling I could have right now. I think I know what spell will be my first, tonight.  Hell yes.
0	I did a really awful thing tonight, I think, when I meant to do something neat.  I was walking up to unload some garbage and check the mail and this beautiful cat comes running right up to me and starts yelling at me, basically, just dancing around in front of me and meowing.  I knelt down and petted him for a minute and got back up and he followed me all the way to the mailbox and then back home.  I took him around to the front and knocked on the door to get Ti-Jae to come out and see him, but no sooner did she open the door than did he run right inside and start making himself at home.  I had to take him back outside and he kept leaning up against the screen door and crying at me.  The whole thing just completely broke my goddamn heart.  It's pouring rain outside right now and I want to enjoy listening to it but now I'm just thinking of the poor cat outside in that torrent somewhere.  I hope he managed to crawl under a dry deck or something.  Argh.
1	Well things are starting to look fairly sunny.  I'm almost caught up with school...work is work, but good and romance is budding.  I've been hanging out w/ my ex-b/f, scott, a lot lately and things are very nice.  He makes me happy, i make him happy, what more is there?  We disussed things and we're neglecting to define things and enjoying the slight confusion until it becomes necissary to define our situation.  We enjoy each other's company, cuddle, do cute things and make each other happy.  I can't wait to spend more time with him.  Updates to come...
1	ITS ERICAS 16TH BIRTHDAY TODAY!!!YAY!!!!!LOVE U GIRL!!!AND WOW was our night interseting!! def got lost for an hour and half...ended up in adel, camp dodge, granger, grimes,ect!!! it was fun..and scary!! haha road trip gone bad!! but umm yea it was great!! but anyways im gunna go!! HAPPY BDAY AGAIN ERICA!!! XOXO!
0	Today's my birthday and you'll never guess where the hell I'm at right now.  Yay for sitting at home bored on the computer during my only special day of the year.  YES!  Great to feel important and loved.   Shit, I don't wanna be here and it's really getting to me.  Thanks.
0	 i need a vacation, things aren't going well and i'm confused about everything. i don't know what to do any more.    "you need to find the courage to be yourself" 
1	*in contrast to the mun's weather, it's a lovely spring day*  *takes her son out to the park for all that good fresh air and exercise stuff*   ETA : *storms back home with Adunathor, muttering irritably under her breath*
1	The Bud Shootout is on!!  *bounce*  Too bad my sweetie isn't doing so well :(
1	OMG I love this cartoon. The people at rather good are my heroes.   The Fishy Song 
1	     Dont wanna be an American idiot...         Hey ho sports fans who ever you maybe... Haven't written on here in months purely and simply becasue my computer is bolloxed. Im in school using this now which is surprising because this website is normally banned! mwahahahahaha. no news really excpet for Year 13 is worse than yr12 for teachers hunting you like animals during your free's, and of course Dafydd. Aww he's so lovely.       Work is pantyliners, fed up of smelling like KFC 24/7 yum. Had to assist in the unblocking of a toilet the other day. Im not paid enough money for that shit.. quite literally. Just realised, the picture of me looks manic.. will have to change it most definitly soon! Getting me a new tatooe soonish... don't know what.      Ah well will write more when i get more free's... unless they hunt me down and tag me first!      Oh happy happy day.. i feel smiley. permanantely! Thank you. .  
0	I can't sleep haunted by their faces The sadness in their eyes It hurts so much to see them helpless It makes me want to cry But still there is so much left unanswered For so many innocent lives They close the doors and are letting nobody in And only the strong will survive  Shelter - give them shelter from the coming storm Shelter - give them shelter from the coming storm  I've seen the anger and I've seen all the dreams And I've watched an existence torn apart by the seams And though I may seem helpless I will do all that I can do Oh I've seen a part of people that I never really want to share Oh I've seen a part of people that I never knew was there      --Sarah McLachlan  Sometimes I stand in awe of what human beings are capable of.
0	Does anyone else remember those banana shaped cookies they used to sell?  They were yellow, shaped like bananas, and had a chocolate coating on the back.  They were the best cookies ever made.  I feel like, if I had a box of them right now, I'd be happy forever.  Why do things have to change?
1	Happy 14th Anniversery Brandi!! I Love you soooo much!!!!! You are my life, and you know you always will be I LOVE YOU!!!! I can't wait for July 3rd 2004 YAY!!!  C-ya baby!!
1	 So, I finally had it with Live Journal's limited features and decided to take my online journal over to Blogspot where I have a lot more flexibility in terms of look, layout and general feel. I Love customizing everything, and this blog is just another of those I'd like to control fully. I won't be deleting any entry from this account but I wouldn't be updating this from hereon either...  I transferred most of the entries I have here to the other site, which you can access via URL:   http://shrineintheether.blogspot.co m    Meanwhile, I have another blogspot account dedicated mainly for my short stories (inspired by my friend, Nancy...hello!;p), which you may access via URL:   http://drizzlenightsky.blogspot.com     Hope to see all of you at my new cyber home(s)!   Parting is such sweet sorrow...haha...  But of course, I would still be coming here to visit all of you, my LJ friends. Mwah! =*  (P.S. Please do leave a message on my tag boards and vote in my mini poll!) 
0	    THE ULTIMATE SILENCE October 12, 1998        Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, The impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, Then listen close to me ... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.   ~ Shel Silverstein    Six years ago today,  Matthew Shepard  was murdered for being homo sex ual.  What will you do to end the silence?    Click here to post this on your own page or weblog   
1	I'm a college graduate :D  It's so weird but it feels amazing.  17 years of school and it's finally over!  I'm meeting Kelly tonight! 8pm on MOD, watch me mofos :P  I'm so giddy!  I have to head to school for a little goodbye party that we're having.  It's going to be sad even though I won't miss hardly any of those people, still after two years of being with these girls non-stop it'll be hard.  Then I have to come home and get all my stuff for Kelly and go.  Oh and since MAC is like 2 minutes away from Much Music, I think I'll be making a little stop &lt;3  Toodles!  ~*Lyndz*~
1	Anyone like my journal's makeover? It is so ready for spring!  Gotta go get ready for the slumber party tonight! Ciao Bella!-Now I spell correctly after Holly's instructions.I swear I have grammar girls chasing me around. =)  Love, Heidi
1	I've actually got plans for this weekend!  Very exciting (and un-hermit-like).  A few of us Cambridge-ers are going to the Davis Farms Mega Maze tomorrow afternoon.  It's one of those corn mazes -- something like the Palace mazes in good old Billsburg, but larger and supposedly "extreme".  Not entirely sure what the "extreme" refers to, but I hear you have to do more than just walk to get to the center.  After that we're going to a great BBQ joint in Marlboro (the city I work in, about 30 miles outside of Boston) since it's actually pretty close to the maze, and we're going to complete the night by watching a friend (AJ) play in a hockey tournament in Marlboro.  Anywho -- I'm psyched, and I'll have to keep y'all posted on the a-maize-ing fun we all have.  Aint that corny?  :-)
0	that test was a waste of my time studying. it was nothing like what we went over in class.  i want to cry.  open toilet insert my grade.
1	SPOILER WARNING! (SORTA)              I just stole a Harrier Jump Jet! I can't speak. I'm all choked up here. If you don't know what I'm talking about, then you presumably have a life. Proceed about your business. Nothing to see here.
0	I'm tired, but I don't want to go back to sleep. I'm afraid of having another dream like that.  Apparently I'm not even allowed to be happy in my dreams.
0	Still behind in hours--thus, no game for me, dammit.  Need money more than RP (and need to show my bosses that I'm not slacking off).
1	Well tonight is finally here! It' about 25 minutes to 7:00 pm EST! Which means the number 1 Illini will play our number 12 Spartans in basketball tonight! It's a home game at the Breslin Center!! I wanted tickets, but for the worst seats at the Breslin Center people were asking about $130-$140!! I would have paid up to $40 for a ticket. The greatest College Basketball Announcer Dick Vitale will be here too. "It's gonna be awesome baby!" So I'm going to party up in the dorm room. Going to have a little party up in here! I really hope we beat U of I! Because if we do that puts us in position to win the Big Ten Conference! So come on Spartans!!!    P.S. I'm probably going to be not quite myself by the end of the game....LOL!!! Go Green! Go White!
1	I am doing my normal afternoon flip through the channels since it's three and nothing comes on at three and you won't believe what I found!   They decided to put 90210 on the Soap Network and the very first episode of it is on!  Fantastic!  I'm going to watch 90210 from the beginning.  Alright.....I'm outie....gotta meet and eat with my favorite person!
1	"Don't marry the person you think you could live with, marry the person you think you couldn't live without..."                   -Rebekah
1	hey all,  so today is Figgity fat tuesday. im doing nothing, not even drinking. i will be smoking the weed tho. cuz im a horrible addicted stoner. i dont know why people down on weed all the time, but i know a lot of respectable people who do smoke weed, lots of successful adults. i dont feel like its bad, i mean people alter thier state of minds all the time, just be glad im not a fucking tweaker. just a boring ol chill stoner.i saw my sister today, she flat out told me that her and her friends talk bad about me on a constint basis, like they have meeting just to talk about how fucked up and what a bitch i am. its lame. eeekkkk cant wait! tommorow it will be one week! ONE WEEK! and ill be 20, i hope i get laid, just good ol fucking on my birthday, that sex thats sooo good you can hardly walk the next day sex. SEX SEX SEX. but see its difficult cuz i want meaningful sex, i want to see that person afterwards, like have a relationship type thing, its wierd. well anyway. ciao all  -amy
1	Damien will be the second guest on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight at 11:35pm.    No Benj, but Damien is always entertaining on talk shows.  *thinks back to his appearance on Kilborn*  HEE!
1	 http://www.ugo.com/channels/filmtv/feat ures/hitchhikersguide/exclusive.asp   Whooh!   *bounces around*   This little trailer made my day, and also that of half my classmates. We watched the two freshly released trailers today more then we actually did anything useful. ;)   I mean, this trailer is practically a satirical masterpiece on it's own right setting exactly the right tone we love so much of the books. Just the trailer voiceover bit or lines like  "The goal is to create a piece of advertising that is provocative but original and exciting. It's intelligent and provocative, in other words: lot's of things blowing up." XD  Oh damn, I want to run to the theatre just to see the trailer on the big screen. ;)  Oh well, anyway... I have some pressing business to attend to.
1	Sitting in the dark with a few less dishes to dine on .. i only have one thing to say.  IM FREE AT LAST THANK GOD I AM FREE AT LAST!!!!!!:)   Ps...if you hear any rumors from an 18 year old bitter little boy remember they are just that .. this message is brought to you by the ~bellwitch~ LOL :)
1	Well the post i'd been waiting for for a couple of weeks now,came this morning. And well it was good news, i've now passed year 2.  :)
1	I made a Quiz for you!  Take my Quiz!  and then  Check out the Scoreboard!   A quiz about me! Take it!
0	Jody looks good today. I met her at da HC and I guess she went to Goodwill and stole some shit. HAHAH.   I'd hit it.  She sang me a song about Davey and it made me laugh and feel bad for her. She loves him.
1	You will live in Apartment. You will drive a Black BMW. You will marry Peter and have 3 kids. You will be a Writer in Chatham.  Hardly think so do you..................  By the way if your name is Peter please get in contact!!
1	Filled with extreme love for my husband and his friend.  *sigh*  I was dying last night.  Best Best Buy day ever.  Even after a shitty 12 hour day, still stayed up til 11:00 watching the extras and commentary.  I love them.  Oh and I got the second to last copy of Clerks X... what's up with that?  I mean, I understand that I get out of work at 8:00 pm, but still, it is the first day.  But I got it, so all is right with the world.  My fave was the cashier... Jersey Girl (random, no one saw), Clerks (massive cult hit) and Everwood (what the?)  Yeah... about that.  The many facets of Theresa Marie Bridget Eitt. I love that!
1	Just got back from North adams yesterday. I had a really good time up there and I fell deeply in love with someone up there. I do Miss her but you know that life needs to go on so I had to come back an go to work last night which was ok nothing really exciting.Everyone should go see Be Cool it's a really good movie  unless you have a bunch of fucking high school students sit in front of you. I should have killed them all but hey i was on a date and that would have been bad. So I guess thats about it ttyl.    *Have A Nice Day*
0	well today is another boring day in my life.  Lately i have been a lil depressed and i don't know why, i promised myself that this year was a brand new year and i wasn't going to let anyone or anything get me down.  and so far i was succeeding.  last nite it kinda hit me, i miss my dad. lately i have been watching movies about parents dying and it has got me missing my parents.  i know that they are here with me in my heart, but i just wish that i could have one last hug, kiss, or just an i love you.  i just want to cry but i guess over the past couple of years i have cried all of my tears out.  it is really hard sometimes and i feel like i am alone, but i know that someone out there is worst off than i am.
1	woo hoo its my birthday today..im now 18...hehehehe only 2 hours and 10 mins to go till its all over..hahaha then i got the party on the weekend..lmao... huggles for u all
1	Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night! ^_^
1	 I love my brand new digital camera/video camera that i got yesterday.... Its so awesome...    &nbsp;I'll post pics sometime for ya'll... If&nbsp; you have myspace then you will see some pics that I posted on there.... 
1	   mmmh mmmmh mmmmh,  isn't it the best song title ever? XD i love people's face when they ask me what i'm listening !!!      I heard Dir en Grey is coming to germany and it seems like it's pretty official. Dammit, if they were coming to France i would seriously think about go and see them. Of course they're not L'Arc or Miyavi or Gackt but still. So i made a listing of which band i would really like to see and that's how it's done :    1) Miyavi    2)Gackt - Pierrot    3) L'arc en ciel    4) Dir en grey    5) Nightmare - Gazette     Yesterday mum's bf got mad because my sister talked to me about Gackt and it was a private joke. So now private jokes are forbidden at home, but he still got his. How stupid and childish. Does he have guilty conscience ?     and oooooooh that so great to play Zelda again !!!! i bought the collector version of Wind Waker so now i can play Ocarina of time or master Quest on game cube. i just finished the fire temple. That so cool. Link is so cute ^^ 
0	I've been feeling down lately. I know this because I've been listening to crappy music..   I need some friends...      In other news, my Ebaying is going well...
0	I was suppose to write something about this guy that made a really irritating entry. but then, krystel enlightened me and now i refuse to write about it... Krystel is right, i won't mind his own problem.  I'm just dissapointed, ur like the one i really look up to. I admire your 2 jobs and im planning to be like you in the future.. Knowing that ur not satisfied and u feel empty, makes me don't wanna be like you anymore... kaasar.. dba...  I'm really disappointed, you are not the person i thought you were..ur so uncool.
1	so yah...rite now lifes going alright...I am seeing a guy named doug..he's a cutie...but we're only seeing eachother right now...so it isnt fully exclusive or anything...but it is...cuz if im seeing him im not gonna see someone else...and uhm.....he is the same way...uh.... i only have 1 1/2 weeks until break!!!!! yay..im excited...uh....... I am kinda upset today cuz my bestest friend brianne...uh a friend of hers is telling her she's changed since she has been with her bf and she doesnt like it and she is throwing her life away...WTF!!!! seriously i love the girl...she is growing...her man is making her grow...so ya know something (u know who u r) BLOW IT OUT UR ASS!!!  oh and DJ TRANZIT is amazing he is going to mail me a copy of raise da roof...YIPPY YIPPY! haha g2g do register for the store   doug..i misses u! lol
1	Today was a good day :) School was, well school lol. Got some new bball shoes and stuff...dr. told me at my "check up" thingy i needed ankle support...riiight. I had a good rest of the afternoon :) Bball practice was great...we all played and ran hard. I'm ready to actually win lol. Ever wake up smiling?   "I'm getting into you,  Because you got to me,  In a way words can't describe..."
1	Last week I went on a photo-taking trip to Arizona.  A group of wide-eyed amateurs like me signed up to have a photography pro wake us up for dawn shots against the mesas and lead us to slanting sun in slot canyons.  I have a whole bunch of exciting photos that I'm processing now.  I was one of the few film shooters in the group. Digital SLRs have really taken over in the last year or two.  It's brain-freezingly unpleasant to leave the exotic desert and its 60 degree spring days for pre-spring New England wasteland, the worst time of the year here. If April is the cruelest month, March is a close second.
0	i wish i was home. i got to new york today, i think im staying until july 25th so its only like a week and a half. i really want to be home though. i miss everyone like crazy. and I LOVE ALEX BLINDER. im gona go though, ill update later. xox  i really miss harry.
1	Weeeeeeeeeee, Jojo and Steffen came over today. We went to the beach, which was strange and sorta annoying because people were acting provocative and disrespectful towards us... So we decided to go back into town and get some coffee. But it happened to be that all the coffeehouses were closed or about to close because it was late and it was Sunday. Oh well then, we thought, and went for a walk around the cemetery and crematorium. Then we went home to me and wanted to buy pizza, but everything was closed. So the poor things starved because we never have any proper food (I eat it all). But I just talked to my mom and she promised that when we get back from Bosnia (her and dad will be going on next Monday) I can invite Jo and Steffen over for dinner so they can taste Bosnian food. I'm still convinced it tastes awful. I just think I love it because I'm used to it.
1	WELL i had the BEST weekend I've had in a LONG time! I went up to Toronto this weekend to visit Keir with Brit and Liam (keir's brother). He was SO surprised! Even if he was so wasted when I got there that he didn't notice me..... (thats my drunky).  Anyway we went to the toronto street fetival and sat at the beer tent with a bunch of keir's friends and then went to picadilly circus the next night (bar/club). It was a funfilled weekend.   I'm back in the office now and am going to an insurance conference in ALABAMA on THURSDAY... through...WEDNESDAY. Man i am sick of cars... anyway. Thats it for now. Hope everyone i good!!  Oh and note.. I love comments...lol
1	So, how long has it been? Fuck, I don't even know :P   I've stopped doing drugs...trying to quit smoking. I'm eating right, and I'm not on meds anymore. (Though not by perscription, by choice.) I just got sick of being a zomboid. I'm staring my apprentiship soon at Artistic Impressions (a nice tattoo place here), I'm going to be a tattoo artist. I mean, who didn't see art in my future...honestly?  I don't really have much else to say, other than I'm writing exams now.    Life is too good to waste away.  -Shay-
1	who says you cant cure a heartache by chasing some vandals down and denting up their car hahaha  good nite with the good ol crew...miss hangin out with 5, mike, lewis, and everyone but i ihave a feeling that this isnt goin to be the last nite we go fuckin shit up........well some good news i was talking to one of my aunts freinds at the sports page in n muskegon earlier and i guess theirs going to be a muskegon greek festival this year and their working on booking green day and also possibly paul mccartney..............well tommorrow morning im goin runnin with my puppy both of us need the excercise so should be good well im gonna go lay fdown
1	So got back last night after a crafty few with the Marvo in Spoons yesterday afternoon.  Got Junior mints and Gatorade off Lana (woo!) and gave her her birthday pressie. Saw KIMMAE and TOMMAE and while tom was playing computer games me lana and kim caught up on what everyones been doing over easter. After quite a few Budweisers over the course of the day, we called it a night around 1. I didnt sleep til 3 tho, where does the time go???  Got woken up BY EVIL FUCK-OFF CLEANERS FROM HELL! Grr.  And so i've eaten, showered, dressed, and no-one else in the flat is even bleddy awake yet. bah :(  Got an essay to work on so will be looking at that later today, then we're all going to a trendy wine bar.Result!  Then Peterborough on Sunday, with gem, hol and lucy. I cant wait :D  Man i'm so glad to be back here, I've sorted out a lot at home, and now i'm gonna make sure i enjoy this term (with a lot of work added in) and try and not be so fucking stroppy. well one can dream :)
0	i'm starting to feel like i'm losing touch with everyone i love. i got in a fight with allie over something that is really pointless but i'm too fucking stubborn to allow my pride to get hurt my parents hate me i want to keep my girlfriend happy. there is too much going on in my life right now to deal with more stuff that is gonna stress me out.  i miss jeff, chris, and alot of my st. auggy friends, i've been busy in jax and have had no time to even find out what is going in their lives. congrats to aslyn for finally geting some mp3's of her amazing acoustic music on myspace.  sarah, you're my everything. thank you so much for understanding what is happening with me right now. any other girl wouldn't have the patience to deal with my melodramatic hoohah. i love you with all my heart.  take care everyone, and i mean everyone.  - joe k.
0	Now a day or two has passed, I can speak of it, of poor foolish Corch and seeing his broken body laying in the street. The good Captain and I did what we could, but! Silly fellow, now he may never see his lady-love again!  Thankfully, seeing Legolas again and sparring with him will take my mind off Corch.
1	Yeap, today was my 3 month evaluation at the bookstore and my boss gave me a .65 raise.  So I'm happy now, it makes a big difference on my checks now and makes working there seem more worth it.  Anyways, nothing much happened today so I'm gonna makes this short.  Gotta go study.
1	I haven't smiled this happily in quite a long time.  Whoever says kindness is a waste of time is a fool.  I'm just... so happy... I don't know what to say.  I hope this will last.
1	Well folks, I now have a "G" lisence,woohoo! The test wasn't nearly as horrible as I thought it was going to be. The instructor I had was actually pretty nice.  Last night I got to meet two more of Casey's friends,Terry and Nikki. They were both super nice and I'm glad I got to meet them.  Today I'm off to the hoe-down in Detroit with Meg should be lots of fun. Meg and Mel, while working the bar there last night, made one hundred dollars in tips between the two of them!  Tonight I am doing another whirlwind drive to Forest to get some art ready to go in a gallery in Port Franks. Here's hoping the trouble will be worth it and I can make some money! I hate being poor. Anyway...gotta go get ready for some good ole country music fun.
1	      greebotrill    announced yesterday that I'm the new ANST - Wraith!  So much to do.  So much to do.
0	I'm up to 1800 calories. That's freaking disgusting.
1	It's gonna be a good day.....I know this....well atleast it is after I get out of this class *blah*  &lt;*&gt;ALISSA
1	I don't have much to talk about but I like posting so I'll just tell u about my day. It started with a run and a trip to the gym as usual. Then I went over to Maren's where we played this awesome game where you roll over things and make a big ball with people and houses and octopuses in it (sounds weird but it kicked ass). Then I went to my nephews b-day party w/noisey kids for a while. Then I picked up Maren and we went to the mall and bought video games. Then we went to Starbucks to get coffee and this guy named Daryl started playing his acoustic guitar and he looked like Kenny-G with glasses on. He wasn't too bad but not my preference in music...so I kicked him in his head and we left.   
0	Let's see. My car is broken. Probably just gonna sell what I can off of it, junk the rest, and buy another car. Only have 30 days or so till I have to be outa here. Kinda hard to move without a car.....though I guess not completely impossible, if you have friends or something.  Quit my job on tuesday. Probably *should* have given 2 weeks notice like a good little employee. I'm sure I could have gotten a good recommendation then. Ah well, was feeling strangely impulsive.  Not much else going on. Drinking too much, eating too much, sitting on the computer too much, the usual.
1	  prom is tomorrow! :) :) :)      I think everyone who helped today with prom is amazing- thanks so much! I hope everyone has a great (and safe) night tomorrow!! I can't wait to see everyone all beautimusly dressed!   more later- off to bed-- if I can sleep-- too excited!   
1	18 December 2004 Avenue Q was soooooooo awesome~!!!! It was so funny! It was the best Broadway play I have ever seen in my life! It was also the only Broadway play I’ve ever seen in my life, but ah, well. I feel bad for Lauren-kun, though. Having t’ see it with her mother. *shudders*  I need the soundtrack to this soooo badly!!! I have t’ hear the songs again.  Too bad you weren’t there, Abby-chan. You would have loved the play. *tear* Anyway, gotta go now. Auf Wiedersehen und adjø!  ~*Namarië*~
1	 http://www.lasvegasmercury.com/2003/MER C-Nov-27-Thu-2003/22626616.html   Has a story about the amateur adult industry, including comments from Brad Fitzgerald of Las Vegas Model Agency   http://www.lasvegasweekly.com/2003/11/2 7/outside.html  is about the cover of Las Weekly, featuring one of our recently added models Karen Chacon (Kalucha). She's such a fun model to work with, as can be seen by the photo on the cover!   :-)  We hope that you all had a great Thanksgiving!
0	sally ran away today.  dad said that she's probably dead by now.  i feel like crying.
0	 I know the US must seem terrifying to so many foreigners...  We are a crazy 800# gorilla armed to the teeth and hopped up on PCP.  And most of us don't care what anyone in any other country thinks of us, as evidenced by the following quote.  It's from an  article about a new ruling by the Supreme Court disallowing the death penalty for murder convicts under 18 , and was made by the spokesperson for  Justice for All .    "The Supreme Court has opened the door for more innocent people to suffer by 16- and 17-year-olds," she said. "I can't wait for the Supreme Court to have judges more concerned with American values, American statutes and American law than what the Europeans think."     I care  what the Europeans think, for what it's worth. 
0	        why am i always sad and i cannot reach it?   
0	Well, my lifes changing. Well i went to the allergist and now i'm alergic to beans, almonds, every single plant in the world and CHOCOLATE! I am so mad. From now on we can never open the windows ever again. We're moving the computor in my room, wait thats good i guess lol. Well now we may not be able to get a Great Dane either. Well i gtg i'll write more later
1	just when i thought my birthday was all over and done with i get another card today from my good good buddy Tifferny!!!! The card was awesome, but she also sent me a Park CD. thanks alot buddy, you totally made my day. I will be thinking about you alot tomorrow Tiff. I wish you well.
1	I have been acting a bit too kiddish in the past few days. Wanting to watch cartoons and pillow fights with pranav and the kiddish talks with rahul and purushottam. the wierd me. pj even thought I was drunk(kidding she was :P)! its so wonderful to just be a carefree kid! having the time of my life!
0	Hello. My name is Danny, and I'm an ungrateful bastard. I'm so sick of being someone I'm not just to make people happy. I can't wait for the day when I can finally be happy.
1	You guys remember in 2nd year when Prof. Lockhart got those ugly midgets to play Cupid? Why couldnt he be the one to have dressed up in a sheet? *rawr*   This Valentine's is like Christmas to me. Last year, I had a basket with candy to distribute but I heard so many girls complain about cavities so I handed out long-stemmed red roses instead. =) Much love from me!! The boys were so surprised when I gave them flowers but Dean appreciated it all the more, hugging me. Aw.  See, so many single girls bitch about this holiday that they're lonely and hate seeing couples but love is for EVERYONE and not just a significant other! =) I didnt find my hot date like I wanted but I was waaaaaay too busy preparing my pretty basket of flowers. I liked Prof. Mcgonagall's reaction best. She was kind of surprised by the gesture and then patted my back gently in a hug. She has very soft skin. I um... just left Snape's on his door handle.
1	Today was  Arts   Fest .&nbsp; That means that they had tee shirt making in Kogan Plaza and chalking all up and down H street.&nbsp; I made a very pretty shirt, and um, Kel made one, too.&nbsp; Kidding, Kelakhel, much love.&nbsp; Also, I did some lovely chalking ... look right on the road btwn The Schen and Crawford and you'll see the neon writings of " Oopsie Pi Loving ".&nbsp; I am so artistic!&nbsp; My pants were so covered in chalk!&nbsp; Oops.&nbsp; Another beautiful day out, but I really haven't been outside for most of it.&nbsp; Tomorrow I will be, its PIKE's Fireman's Challenge.&nbsp; I am not completely sure what that is, but I know different sororities compete, and there is something to do with  tug-of-war , and I like tug-of-war, so I am excited.&nbsp; That is that for now, time to go shower  and the likes .&nbsp;  Count down till Formal: 2 days! 
0	I sometimes wish stories didn't affect me so much..  I finally got to read the end of a story I found last year, which I couldn't find the end too then. Anyway, yeah, i found it today, and it was soo cool. Then it ended in sadness and death. And I've been kinda screwed emotionally all day -.- It was a good story, and I'm glad I read it. I just wish I could let go a bit more easily o.o  But I've always been that way really.. when I read stuff (well written anyway) I get -really- drawn into it, and extremely attached to the characters, like I'm one of the people there, like a friend in the bg or something. And if something bad happens to them, it screws me over. So I try to avoid angst that has no happy resolution, just 'cause it leaves me useless for the next couple of days o.o  Yeah...  Anyway...  @_@
1	I'm in such a good mood today. My mentor is back on lj. XD My sister has a journal. Ryou's my boyfriend. Everything seems good at this very moment.  Of course...that is until Yami no Malik comes back online.  But as of now, I'm going to do something I wouldn't normally do, but I just feel I want to right now:  &hearts;    Damn you Ryou for rubbing off on me...XD  
1	  |THE BEST TYPE OF MIYAVI FAN| Well, you know your Miyavi stuff, and you're definitely a Miyavi fan, but you're not so obsessed with him that you'd go to Japan just to feed him sandwiches. Nor would you send him obnoxious fangirl mail. You're the best kind of Miyavi fan. Good job!      How Obsessed with Miyavi are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	I'm So Happy that they started showing the new episodes on Adult Swim Last week. I've been waiting for a while.   I also can't believe what happened to Kouga. It was funny!!
0	Well, I just gave in.  ::sighs::  I took 4 puffs off a cig.  Does that count as cheating?  Hmmm...I know it does.  At least I put the cig out.  Now, I wonder how long I can go again....
1	I pilfered this from       lurkerwithout   :  Scan my interest list. List any that seem odd to you; I'll explain. Then you post this in your journal so other people can ask you about your interests.  My interest list is probably out of date now anyway so this might be a good way to bring it up to date.  Also Get Fuzzy has a new character who is  so   cute  I miss my own cat.
1	So, finally some real good news has been dropped on my lap.  My dad informed me that M/ACom a company owned by Tyco (Where my father works) is looking for a network admin. With all sorts of Department of Defense contract work and stuff.   The computer admin informed my father and told him to lemme know cause I guess they liked me when I interned there ^^      So heres to maybe having some more luck and getting a real job in my profession and finally being able to make some real money, buy an M3, and race Mike the Jew all the way to Ohayo-con and ACEN. ^_________^
1	Video terbaru The Strokes adalah The End Has No End, yang akan disutradarai oleh Sophie Muller. Sutradara ini sebelumnya terkenal dengan hasil karyanya seperti Song 2 oleh Blur. Ssst .. katanya sih model video klipnya Ryan Gentles, manajer The Strokes sendiri!
1	let these words float and fade in and out and back in again through your mind...but not fadeaway...   it's all a dream we dreamed  one afternoon long ago...   and...float, into that dream...whatever it is...   all i know is something like a bird within her sang all i know she sang a little while and then flew on...   and you hear that song again...do you recognize it?  i hear it too...float on...   there is a road, no simple highway between the dawn and the dark of night and if you go, no one may follow that path is for your steps alone...   but the music brings us together, no matter how lonely the road we float along...
0	Xavier Uy, an Atenean, passed away in a tragic accident last Jan 16. He fell from the Burgundy penthouse into Prince David Condo's.  Xavier was a friend of mine, and it's sad to realize that he's gone. Though we weren't that close, he's one of those people you never forget. He was a great guy. He's a Southridge Alumnus, Batch 2003.  Rumors circulated that he commited suicide. It's not true. Xavier is a guy who will never resort to something so stupid. He's a strong willed person.   Please offer a prayer for Xavier. And if you wish to pay your respects, you can visit him at Loyola Memorial Park in Marikina.  He will surely be missed...  Bye Dude! See ya!
0	me hopes her ewr fewls better.   xxooxxooxxoo  me sad.
1	A weekend at  Great Keppel Island...     cake + suspect utensils + porky's + rodeo queens + Shiela + dancing bar girls + mini buses + sea spray + back packers + allens pineapples + baby guiness + cranky owners + jugs + hissing birds + nudity + jet ski's + reefs + killer possums in the night + uno + volleyball + ride the giant cherry + snorkling +  drunkiness +   friends   + sand + chips…I never want another chip again!   Much Fun!
0	Thanks to everyone who offered their condolences.  I appreciate it.  Anyways I should be back in school tomorrow.  I am going to have so much crap to do when I get back, and I really don't feel like doing it.  Missing two days of school is like two years worth of makeup work.    I didn't want to come back to Floor Rinse.  There was freaking 80 degree weather while we were in Mississippi.  To bad about the reason for being there or I might have enjoyed it a little more.  I hope I didn't pick up too much of the accent.
1	The guy at the Farmer's Market doesn't know it yet, but he just got a life long customer. The guy sells diet rootbeer. Good diet rootbeer. Diet rootbeer that tastes like rootbeer and has  zero calories.  It's not the cheapest rootbeer I can buy, but hell, all the taste and no calories.  Love.
1	I'm hanging out with this guy named Ross today after work. He's a senior at our school and I'd seen him a couple of times hanging with Jeff. He always seemed pretty nice, and even a little cute. Well, we got to talking last night, and somehow we admitted that we kind of like each other. So we're going to the mall to hang later. I'm really really excited. I'll talk more about it later, but I'm off to church.   _Ellen_
1	*squealing* Just saw the new Dr Who trailer!! Looks like it'll be an absolute cracker - and I'm sure it'll be even better once I know what Christopher Eccleston is saying to the camera.  WHEEEEE! Chained up Daleks! Big Ben going boom! Victorian coaches! Spaceships and great balls of fire! And corridors! Gawd, I'm all ever so excited about this, I am! (bounces)
1	Oh yay thunder! Yay rain! Yay storm!! I fucking  LOVE IT!! 
1	In the past two days I have bought The Incredibles and Kung Fu Hustle.  I now think that my life is complete...
1	Cheryl's water broke last night, and she was in labor all of today.  At 1:25 this afternoon she had baby Evan!  And I'm the Auntie!  I am about to go down to the hospital soon, we're all so excited.  I am also going to be the god mother.  All day what I did was read, listen to music, and wait by the phone.  The baby came 5 weeks early, but luckily both Evan and Cheryl are healthy.  He is 6 pounds or so.  And according to my mom, absolutely beautiful.  I've been the youngest in my family until now, so here comes many changes.
1	For the first time in a long time I don't feel like my head is in a fog. I can think clearly again. Sure, I'm still a little twitchy, but even if the slight twitchiness doesn't go away, it's better than feeling like a zombie. I love this free from geodon feeling. I don't want to go back.
1	yeahhhhhh today feels so much like tuesday because i dont go to school but its really thursday! my sister and her boyfriend or husband or something are cooming over and i havn't seen her in like 3 months she went to florida i think im not to sure though i dont even know where she lives, and neither does my mom but her boyfried or husband guy is really cool he steals cable! and internet and  gets stuff for free and hes philipino tommorows already friday time flys by when you dont go to school i think im gonna go so the laramie project friday with mike we really wanna see jude play the gay guy im cold Where did cats originaly come from? did they all start out in one place? or did they appear all over like SARS
0	Knowing u dont care that's right well im kind of depressed well i really dont know the reason im confused about my friends and stuff like that its like they dont care anymore and they ignore me but i really  DO  care about them so im kind of desperate i dont know what to do! yesterday i talked abruptly to my friend and that's why i worried i told him that im sorry and he's all okay and stuff  it was snowing yesterday and now its freaking cold that's all um..cya later :P xoxox
1	Well I would first like to say Thank You, for all the support and well wishes that were sent for crystal. She did receive all of the posts that were written for her.  She is doing much better, she is eating somewhat solid foods we all know that hospital food could be better.  The doctor said that if she can handle pills today they will take the central line out.  she would really like that because the line is in her neck on her right side, of course that is the side that she sleeps on. So once that is out she is one step closer to coming home.  If all goes well today she can come home sunday afternoon. That's what I am hoping for, Steph and I really miss her, so does Tinky. So everybody keep their fingers crossed, hell cross the toes also it wouldn't hurt, if it does just cross the fingers.  I will post more later today, Thanks once again.
1	 today.....    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm back to work! finally! wooooooo! &lt;3 i get to help organize the new store! hopefully that will be somewhat exciting...haha! we'll just have to wait and see about that one!    &nbsp;    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; tomorrow i go back to the doctor about my hand.... fun times! i hope everything is healing okay.....    &nbsp;    that's&nbsp;it for now......&lt;3 
1	     Your love is... by   ChibiMarronchan        Your name is...           Your kiss is...    breath taking      Your hugs are...    gentle      Your eyes...    burn into my heart      Your touch is...    the only thing I desire      Your smell is...    exotic      Your smile is...    encouraging      Your love is...    unique               Quiz created with MemeGen  !            Your love is... by   ChibiMarronchan        Your name is...           Your kiss is...    breath taking      Your hugs are...    warm      Your eyes...    light up a day      Your touch is...    irresistable      Your smell is...    exotic      Your smile is...    entrancing      Your love is...    everlasting               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       2 breath takings and 2 exotics! Awesome!
0	omg my paid accound is expiring in 12 days. and the money i have for it right now? 0 dollars. wooo. i think im gonna cry. and just about the time when i was ginna try a spiffy new layout. atleast i wont lose my userpics till the summer
0	i want to go to graduate school at yale.  i looked at how much it would coast last night and it was suprisingly cheaper than what i'd expected. but still EXTREMELY expensive. mom and dad can't afford graduate school so i'm pretty much on my own and i'm already going to be in debt from undergrad.  i don't know what i'm going to do.  why is this all so important to me? why didn't i just go to asu?  i can't think about this.
1	I went to Disneyland with Corey, James, and his girlfriend, Sinead. I did this all day: smiled, laughed, kissed, held his hand, hugged, danced, blushed, and more.  I like Disneyland and I like him.  =)
1	  OMGoSh!!!!!  Im SO hyper!!! Finally went to el rodeo wit antonia an MAN 0 MAN was it fun!!! I felt like I was at a high school reunion I seen so many of my friends from south/rosie it was great. MaDD Fun!!  **cheesin**  Even tho I wasnt that good at dancin it was a blast!!! I think ima try to go to sleep but i doubt it Im so happy  
0	  The YA dance was fun Mandy Moore was there she is so pretty in person!! I went with melissa and i saw kimmy there and lots of other people! I got to see the love of my life and he is so hot but the bad part is he was danicing with some other girls so that was very bad! But at least i got to see him, i still miss him even though i saw him yesterday! It was so much fun i loved it! I had a really great time!      ~Alliance is Ahava~  
1	I was trying out my new Boom light with a blue gel.  :)    
1	Yesterday, I learned about domestic violence in a law class. In the class, I knew some people use violence because they may not be able to express their feelings with words. So, I realized both of words and violence are the ways of expressing our feelings. Although I have ever used words without intention, I found using words is very important. When we are happy and sad, we can express our feelings with words. It seems natural, but it's very nice. I want to express my happiness and sadness obediently with my own words from now on.
0	I never thought you would lie to me about something so trivial.  I never thought you could make me feel this badly about myself.  I would have done absolutely anything for you...I still would.  You said that I was more than good enough for you... I guess that was a lie too.  I wonder what else you have lied about.  I wish I didn't love you this much...then maybe this wouldn't hurt me so badly.  I just thought for once in my life I was good enough for someone... I was wrong though..as usual.                I try not to think  About the pain I feel inside  And it feels like you don't care anymore  I can't believe it's hard just to talk to you  I'm sorry I can't be perfect Simple Plan-Perfect
1	So now I'm between the wedding and the move. The wedding went quite well. I was very nervous about all kinds of practical things like not falling on my face, but once things got rolling I felt a lot better. I think it was largely due to the fact that once I got there with all my friends I realized it didn't matter if something went wrong because there were all there to support us. Well, that and Sydney did a very good job with the ceremony. I was soooo happy with it, all in all.   Got to spend almost a whole week with my honey afterwards too. Now... we're trying to get ourselves motivated for the moving thing. It's a bit hard to do at the moment, because we just want to relax after all the nervousness over the wedding.   Not much else going on at the moment. I am of course disgustly happy being a newlywed and all, but of course honey and I have always been that way.
1	I havent been stamped yet, just wondering. B/c I would like to vote! :)
1	Yeah i had a really good day today though, quite swell. Nathaniel and I walked around town, went to the beach and just hung out, enjoyed the sunshine, went to the grocery store, because i needed some foooooood, mmmm. Went to the annoying store, got some rubber boots for monday, and then came home, and took a nap apparently,  Made my famous tuna caserole, and some ceasar salad, which was quite good, she liked it aswell which was double good. and then we went for a walk, which quickly turned into a run across town, i was just trying to keep up with her, didn't do so well. man i am out of shape, ugg, then went and played poker with the guys, was fun, didn't get any good hands really, probably because i wore a different hat. hmmm. But i managed to break even, so it was all well and good.  hmmm go team happiness.  Well that is all for now folks
1	I'm going to Australia for two whole months!!  I'm leaving May 1st, and coming back on June 30th.  I had wanted to stay until Harry Potter was released so I could read it on the plane, but the airfare would have been another 1200 dollars :p.  I'm very excited!!  I haven't been since August 2002.  I can't wait to go!!  I am however not looking forward to the flying part... it takes so long!
0	Hi all... been a while since I've updated. -_-" Right now I'm at Ai-chan's house. I'm pet-sitting for her for a couple days... ^_^ It's kewl. I love coming over here anyway. Besides, I just didn't want to be in my house today. Me and my mom got into a huge arguement last night (big surprise... *sighs*) and I still haven't spoken to her since. She's probably still mad at me, and I just don't understand why. It's really frustrating. I'm doing all I can to help her, and yet, I'm still the bad one here. I really need to hang out with some friends. ^_^ I miss everyone. Talk about feeling lonely. I have issues. I still have people here, but it's just not the same. Oh great. It's only 2 and I can already tell today is gonna be one of those days. Depression... not a good thing. Maybe it's the rain.... rain does that to me sometimes.... Well, so as not to bore anyone, or get them upset at me, I'm gonna go now.
0	I don't know how i do this to myself but somehow i am always fighting a battle. Currently i feel as if i'm losing them all. so needless to say i feel crapy.  really very crappy.  But also in saying that i recently looked at a quote book i have and am greatful for all the great friends i have-i have several poems written for me by friends and that made me smile. but other then that i am struggling for happiness these days.
1	So I have come to a realization  HAPPINESS IS A VERY GOOD THING!  I have a date for thursaday night...I am so exctied. haha  Talk to yaw'll later.
1	Banta and I bought a kiddie pool.  that's right.  we now have the coolest backyard ever.  all of you without kiddie pools and trampolines and hammocks and sprinklers to run through should cry, because you lead empty, meaningless, boring lives.
1	Drunken dirt road driving, car surfing, Tilly Willy (again), and possibly another attempt at the bowl.  We're looking for one more person to join us, call me.
1	I had an epiphany  I am happy :-D  I am going to post it after work  yay
1	So today is New Year's Eve, the day when people make resolutions they never intend to keep, and turn over an imaginary leaf another time despite the fact it only has two sides and they've all ready tried both. This year I'm not vowing to lose weight, stop smoking, be more organized, or any other such thing, but rather to just enjoy the year ahead and all of it's possibilities. *cheers* here's to a happy new year.
0	I have decided to back down on the Kevin thing.  He's making it very difficult for me to just walk away.  I've made the decision based on a couple of things.  First, because of what I just said.  Second, because something happened the other day and all I wanted to do was to talk to him, and only him, about it.  Third, my best friend is moving away 2 months earlier than planned and I need him desperately.  Nothing makes you hold on tighter than the thought of letting go.  I will endure the pain and it will fade in time.  I really need a friend, no matter the circumstances.  At least I know that he cares and that's all that really matters.  As for you, Taylor.  I am happy for you.  I wish you all the luck in the world with living up there in Sacramento.  You and Jenny really do need to be together.  Don't be a stranger!
1	Sprrrrrrriinnngg Break! Spring Break Spring Break!!! In a week and a day I will be on a plane to Florida and a couple days later on a boat the the Bahamas!!  Ahhhhh...I just need to make it through just one more week!!!!
1	Hanging out with Ana and Ashley is very fun, even when we just sit around Ashley's house. :)
1	I wanted to buy this book as soon as it was released but since it was nearly 300 to 400 Hong Kong Dollars so I didn't really get it but now, I've ordered this book from an online shop and it costed me less than 20 British pounds including shipping! I am so excited now! Can't wait to get this book!      
1	Great News !  Ed got a job :) Things are starting to look up ... finaly. The only bad part is it'll be 4pm to midnights so we'll only have week ends together. It'll be rough but at least its only for a few months before the move. This'll give us time to save up.   Just so excited I had to share :}
0	so yesterday i mentioned how happy i was, and how i'm in such a better place.... well i lied cuz today i got some very hard news to swallow. i still haven't confirmed this information myself but i was told that my gpa is somewhere around a 2.1... who does that, not me but i guess i did. this is turning my whole world upside down. i may not be able to re-apply for ra or ard, and i could even get in trouble with softball.        i'm absolutely crushed.
0	Oh God I can't really bare anymore of this.   I feel like a seesaw going from one extreme to the next, I guess thats why they call it bipolar,  I flit from high to low and find it extremely difficult to find a middle ground, a thirdspace.  How long does it take to stabilise someone???  I don't know, they don't know, who does know??
1	In an all-too-rare example of the University actually getting things right on occasion,  Bill Bryson has been appointed as our new Chancellor .
0	Man I woke up today like half an hour before my alarm. So I went to the bathroom then came back and curled up in bed. I just wanted to sleep. So I set the alarm for 15 minutes later. I fell asleep and well... It is nice to know that I will wake up to a fire alarm... because we had one and I had five more minutes to sleep before I had to get up. I was ticked. So now I am in class being bored. My head is killing me. I think I will take a nap later today. I have to go to the darkroom finish my project then I have to go frame my painting and take it to Mr. Brown... Man I forgot he asked me to write something up about myself. I miss Joshua... I know it hasnt been long since I have seen him. But you love a guy for four years and then not miss him when you have to leave. He is going to Pennsylvaina. It  makes me want to cry.... It is to far away.
1	wow.  i had unexpected visitors yesterday!  from melbourne!  they just rocked up at night, unannounced.  how cool's that?  i love my friends!  thanks to       unsworn_nomore    and       strepsil    for making my day :)
0	Ok, exams officially suck, i had latin exam which i didn't care about anyway. I know i did bad but o well. Mrs. sanders exam took me almost the whole class period. Beth finished with like 2 min to go. And drinking 6 bottles of coke and bumpy bus ride home dont mix at all. I ran to the bathroom. And for those who like me didn't wear a jacket today, it was cold as shit, it felt like someone was holding ice all over my body. Anyway, i'm beginning to think i hate exams and whats the point of trying any more, i just want to give up all the time. Really now if i go to college, what am i gonna do? Have some office job i hate, have the same routine day in and day out, i dont want that shit. I want to do something fun, but i just dont know if i can see the point anymore.  " I'll be honest, the silver linings are getting harder and harder manufacture, and the smiles are so hard to fake" - Atreyu
1	Got  Hitler: 1889-1936 Hubris &mdash;unsure of starting/finishing it. Had a great junket to  Waltham.  Going to  Burlington  tomorrow, and then to  Rochester  for the weekend.
1	you know it's love when you want to give joy and damn the consequences. brian herbert..... this makes me happy....
1	Yaay! I get to see kati tonight.   Anyone whom I haven't said anything to yet,   7:30 at the Rialto center for Performing arts,  80 Forsyth Street  NW Atlanta, GA  Is the GSU Cinefest film festival in which I have a film.  It's free to get in, and seating is limited, so arrive early.  I know this is short notice, but do come.  I'd love to see everyone.  don't hurt yourselves.
1	     Gay or Not Gay? by tashay17      LJ Name           Favorite Color           Gay or Not Gay?    Gay... very gay             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 3.0  !     
0	Because we are torturing women and children at Abu Ghraib.  Newsday report   Sure would be nice if I thought the American public gave a damn. As long as we get ours we don't particularly care that we have become the people we used to censure in the world. I despair.  How to join the ACLU:  ACLU website .
0	     R.I.P&nbsp; G-UNIT!!!!!!!!!!          1-01-05      I'LL ALWAYS CHERISH THE   CRAZY   MEMORIES! LOVE YA BOY!!  
0	As if I didn't have enough problems.  I broke up with Matt, and I want him back soo bad. He means the whole world to me.   Wiley, is just an ass. A fucking ass. He broke up with me, the day I was supposed to go move in with him. He told me he was gay. What the hell. So, I have to fucking stay here. I hate New York. I hate it. I fucking hate it.  I've decided to just stay here though. I dunno. I have a place to stay if I want, over at Devon's. I may go live with him for a while and get my head straight. Hell I don't know. I'm so confuseled.  I'm just mostly mad at myself, because, I lost the best person in my life to a gay guy. I don't know what was going on in my head. Am I stupid? God. :bangs head:
0	So I think most of you know that my Grandma Hoshield passed away yesterday. It was totally unexpected. She felt no pain. She died in her sleep. My grandPA just had surgery tonight and is in intensive care until probably late tomorrow or Friday. everyone's home right now. all my aunts, and my uncle jim. It's so hard. My grandma and I were very close. ... anyway... the obituary will be in the paper tomorrow. The funeral is on Monday at 11AM at St. Joe's. You're all welcome. Especially the ones that she had in CCD... she'd love it if you came. Thanks for all your prayers too.  It's a heartbreaker guys... I need you all.   I love you guys.  bk  I hope you saw that sunset tonight... man... I love her so much.
1	Greetings, Netizens!  Things have been pretty hectic here in Mainframe with the search for little Enzo!  A few cycles ago he went missing.  We searched the diner high and low, but couldn't find a trace of the little fella!  Dot and I were just sitting down to some energy shakes to console us, when someone from the outside mentioned he had seen the little rascal down at Al's Diner!  Imagine, going somewhere ELSE to eat!!!  So, Dot took care of that, and he's spending this cycle locked in the basement with a flashlight.  The rambunctious little sprite!  Well, I must be off.  There's big excitement this nano -- we're getting an update!!  Boy, /this/ system sure needs it. . .but I digress.  Rumor has it it's a big one too, might change the whole layout of the city!  Good thing there's no evil viruses around to mess things up!  . . .why do I have this sudden tingly feeling?  No matter!  I'm off to follow my code, to Mend and Defend!
0	i thought school was going to be cancelled so i woke up at 7:30 ...
1	For those who don't make it over to  Cowboy Mouth.com  on a regular basis, Fred's latest solo effort,  SHIVER  is now on sale.            Only $15 (+s/h), and you can only get it online or at the shows...
0	So much for getting ahead in my store again.  This morning my new employee decided to quit because the job, in her words, was not for her.  According to other employees she said that it was too boring because I made her do training on the computer for a whole day and the other day had her read a section of the store operating manual on completing sales.  She had time on the sales floor but did not show any desire to really approach customers.  If she had been at Intercity she would have been in the back room training for the whole first two days.  So I go from my first 44 hour week in a month back to 51 hours.  Damn.
1	  Battle of the bands day 2day!!! very excited!      we got some koool new songs!!! and playing the famous screaming doughnuts!! :D      !!!      Wish us luck!!      ---------------------------------------- ------------------      anyway.. went to the beach last nite with andee, jenny, carl, lewis, chloe, penny and lloyd...yes i know it ..was tipping it down but jenny brought her tent and we put it up underneath the shelter... and that makes even more sense....     &nbsp; 
1	check out the sexiness that is teddy girl:)    by the way, im still alive.    -Cees
1	This memories feature is very cute.  I can compile entries together for later perusal!  ie  Western Shores 
1	       neverletitgo    is having a birthday on Monday.  Lets all take the time to wish him a happy 24th!! I know it's early!    
1	 BOY!!!!!   Aren't we supposed to be plotting evilly?
0	Cokey passed away yesterday. :( i was really really upset and didn't know what to do with her. But then i remembered that the night before, i sensed that she wasn't doing so well and i told her it was ok to let go. so i'm more at peace with everything than i was before.   Ipek and Danita came over and cheered me up. brought some bodega goodies and i felt better.   she's still curled up in her bed where she died. i miss her.  she was the best hamster ever. she never bit anyone and was so sweet. she would squeek when she wanted to come out. she loved running in her wheel and loved getting my approval of her running even more. she had many adventures, from escaping the dorms with her friend angie, to escaping in the car and hiding near the wheel. i loved her so much. i want to bury her in the park today i think...i'm getting teary just thinking about it.   i knew the day would come. i hope she's happy now.   i love you cokey.   RIP to Hunter S Thompson as well. it's a sad day.
0	I really don't want to downplay the wonderful acting of Catherine Bell in this episode or the writing of Dana Coen, but as a Christmas episode for JAG I found it to be lacking when compared to Jaggle Bells, Ghosts of Christmas Past, and All Ye Faithful.  I did like the greetings at the end from the different military units.  It once again showed the support and respect that Mr. Bellisario has for the military.       View this entire post on my blog   
1	I wanted to let my sissy know i finally found a song that went with the way i feel about Tracy but here's the chorus  Have you ever been in love Been in love so bad You'd do anything to make them understand Have you ever had someone steal your heart away You'd give anything to make them feel the same Have you ever searched for words to get you in their heart But you don't know what to say  And you don't know where to start   Brandy: Have you Ever
1	[ Error:  Irreparable invalid markup ('&lt;img [...] /img&gt;') in entry.  Owner must fix manually.  Raw contents below.]   Hi I been kinda busy for a couple days but now ill post stuff about 2 days ago I went to kent siege to have alittle fun :). &lt;img src= http://www2.freepichosting.com/Images/38429/3.jpg /img&gt; &lt;img src= http://www2.freepichosting.com/Images/38429/4.jpg /img&gt; &lt;img src= http://www2.freepichosting.com/Images/38429/5.jpg /img&gt; ^_^ it was alot of fun hehe. oh and im &lt;b&gt;Guardian Knight&lt;/b&gt; for pledge ^^;;  Then today! I come on and get n-zel, and n-dai in arow from kbb. :)  &lt;img src= http://www2.freepichosting.com/Images/38429/6.jpg /img&gt;  Then after I went on hunt to ToI with DUTCHPOWER,ManaBlade,Wodka, and Lotte! it was alot of fun and we got bzel that hunt Manablade had on his summon. :)  &lt;img src= http://www2.freepichosting.com/Images/38429/7.jpg /img&gt; 
1	Yosha!  Didn't have morning sickness today! So happy!  Got my first peice of maternity wear from Fiona on Monday.  It's a tee that sez, "I went on vacation with my husband and all I got was this", with an arrow pointing down where my belly will be in a bit.
1	I have the best boyfriend in the world.  ^_^  We've both been pretty busy lately; me with my working two jobs (until I'm done at DQ *shakes a fist*), going to school, and psych club, and him with his swim team (who I'm not so vehemently against since he convinced me that he doesn't like any of the girls there), job, and school.  It's been a couple weeks since we last got to do anything together.  So what does he do tonight?  Just out of the blue, takes me out to see my favourite movie, Spidey 2.  :D  It's little things like spontinaity that make this relationship great.  And now I'm off to bed, since sleeping hasn't been high on my priority list lately.  Must... study... KT CRUSH BIASED FEMINISTS!
1	  TiVo and cable giant Comcast have reached a distribution deal, easing some investor concerns over the digital video recorder pioneer's future.   And another article about the deal. :-)
1	Have a muse that's sitting idly and just waiting for something to happen?  Or a muse that just can't get enough play time?  Look no further!  Check out Jrock Rpg Directory's Jrock Muses Board!  Let your muses frolic together in their own little playground!     Jrock Muses Board 
1	      ckr    made *me* a vid!  WOO HOO  And it's awesome!!  Go!  Get it!  Give her feedback!   http://vids.ravenshadow.net 
1	So, yeah. I think I'm finally finished all my cosplay stuff.  And just because, here's a few photos ( yes I know most of the stuff hasn't been ironed properly yet. I'll get to that &gt;_&gt;)  For Anko: The coat (yes, I know this one has been seen. Throwing it in for completeness)    The skirt:    The sandals:    The accessories:    And, for my kitsune character Ieyasu, here's his hair ^_^    Can you tell I'm bored?
0	 &nbsp;    right now&nbsp;I really dont know what to say... I miss them... the 2 person that&nbsp;are included in my special list.... the 2&nbsp;individuals&nbsp;whom I love and care....&nbsp; the&nbsp;2&nbsp;great people who are now not part of my life..... the one I let go and the one&nbsp;I think who let me go....    &nbsp;    to the one&nbsp;I let go,&nbsp;its been a while but I wish you're okay and pls take good care of yourself.....    to the one&nbsp;I think who let go of me (i wish not), Im sorry.... sorry for everything......    &nbsp;    missing the both of you.....    &nbsp; 
0	   "How happy is the blameless Vestal's lot! The world forgetting, by the world forgot: Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! Each prayer accepted, and each wish resign'd." - Alexander Pope.          &nbsp;     I don't think I would erase people from my mind, just memories and events that I  deserve  to live without.I thought this shit ended when high school ended. Guess not.            &nbsp; And don't you fucking even try to categorize me "someone who will never break up with him no matter what?" you're one to talk. I have had enough. Lets all live our own fucking lives!!    I can't deal with this all now. I don't have the strength.       &nbsp;      &nbsp;     Dan-I'm so glad I have you. You whisper me to sleep. Get my roomate to buy me ous cream. Give me apple juice when I have panic attacks. You're the best. And we're untouchable, I don't care what anyone says. I love you.       &nbsp;      &nbsp;     School is great. Love is great. It's life that needs to catch up....  
1	     Take the  What Color Dragon Should You Ride?  Quiz  Made By:      myway   and      teza     
1	COME SEE BILOXI BLUES THIS WEEKEND!  Neil Simon's classic play about basic training during World War II is both hilarious and touching, in a non-pedophilic way.  The play is free and will be great fun for anyone who comes.  It is being performed in the Studio Theater of the Williams Building at Florida State University.  The shows are on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday at 8pm.  Please come and bring all of your friends.  Hope to see you there!  Just something to think about.  D-Caff
0	Well I go back to school tomorrow. I'm kinda ready to go back but at the same time I don't want too. I  don't want to be stressed out all the time, hopefully this semester I will deal better with that. We don't have class till the 26th so i'm glad. Its crazy how winter break is over now. Its like all semester I was looking foward to this and now its all over. Now its time to look towards summer break. However, I am excited about competition season. I hate competing untill after the meet but I really look foward to see how the team does this year. Ughhhhh Life sucks sometimes. I try to stay positive but sometimes I just can't do it anymore. I guess it just wasn't meant to be.  The weird thing is I think i'm fine about it but I guess well it was just nice...I just try to keep telling myself when the time is right, everything will fall into place. Well time to finish packing and go to dream land, I have an early day tomorrow! Goodnight my friends:)
1	 Hello my lovelies! How are you on this fine day? I'm great! I just got the cutest kitty in the world!! He's orange and really small... like a little orange fluffball. I named him Robbie. omg he is SO adorable. I never had a pet before so this is really cool. He's uber friendly and super cuddly. Aw I love him.     I was doing cartwheels upstairs earlier. I accidentally spun the wrong way and my foot hit the couch and I fell. Now my butt hurts. lol I'm such a klutz.     If I got an AIM s/n, would anyone talk to me? I'm thinking about getting one, but I'm not sure. Oh yes, could someone please tell me how to change the name of the comments and get the disclaimer on all my entries?&nbsp; Thanks.&nbsp; I'll be going now since there is nothing left for me to write about. &lt;3      Mika  
1	We may be flying to D.C. on Tuesday night, getting there on Thursday morning, renting a car, and driving to Virginia.  Yikes!  I have never done anything like this before.  We're about to check out some books written by UVA faculty from the library.
0	Huey died sunday night.  His foster mom, Melanie, who loved him I think more than words can say, went to feed him a second round of food and he was gone.  He died peacefully in his sleep and will be greatly missed.  Huey defied all odds by living as long as he did - he was adrenal, had insulinoma and heart problems. The end of his tail fell off recently due to his heart not pumping enough blood to his extremeties. Many of these problems he had when he came to the shelter, via a petstore in Mobile, AL almost 3 years ago.  I think Huey lived as long as he did because he fell in love with Melanie. She would only feed him soft food, hand feeding him up to 4-5 times daily and he would reward her by sleeping right next to her pillow all night long.   Goodnight Huey......I'm glad I got to see you one last time.    
0	wow....today is a very sad day for iRO....One of the biggest legends of our server has stepped down for good...We were all hoping he was just kidding around but...it seems like he's really leaving for good this time.    Such a shame...there was hardly a player on the server that didn't recognize his name.  Farewell Yuber, I'm really glad I got to meet the man behind the legend, you were a great leader and a good friend for the short time I knew you.  Wish you luck and hope you find fun wherever you go next.
1	Today was the first day that I think.. ever, that I've been happy the whole day. I've had a smile on my face constantly.. wow what a feeling. Too bad it's something to lose.. meh, I've gotten things straight with everyone, so now I think everything will be a lot better. Yay! For once my life will be like.. in order.. wow what a feeling. Peace - Echo  Cherry Blossom Festival con Claire Lady, y Chipmunk Lady (cause we're going to kidnap her cause we're so cool) Justin (mah boo) y others! YAY! AND Justin says he has something to tell me.. dah na na... Oh jeeze I hope he didn't turn gay.. because all the guys I've gone out with have either turned gay or bi.. goodness. Anyway..
1	So, so...  Can I go then? Can I?  Can I Da? Can I Ma?  *dances on perch*  Can I go and live with Aunt Feeny's Person's Person? Can I? Eh? Can I? Aunt Feeny said I could. Said she'd put me on a Triad Prod.  What's a Triad Prod, Da? It sounds awful important. That must mean that Aunt Feeny likes me!  *fluffs out chest-feathers*  So...can I go then? Can I?  Ma? Da?  *dances more*  Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeease?  *owl eyelash-bat*
1	 What you need to know:   Just the previously stated story lines.   Craig and Karl - Sep. 23rd (NC-17, co-written with Jenn)  Craig, Karl, and Harry - Oct. 1st  (co-written with Jenn and Luna)   Please, leave feedback here, not in my pup's journal. Thank you! 
1	So happy that Dave is home even though it's only for a little while. At least there won't be anymore long underways like this one for a while. I'm really excited about what we did yesterday, even though we both had our moments of freaking out about it(of course mine was longer lol). I'm REALLY happy and can't wait :-) And yes, I plan EVERYTHING out lol. Can't wait until Wednesday!  That's about it...no one really needs deets on the rest ;-)  School project tonight...hopefully we won't be there too late. I don't think so. We only have to make ~20-25 PP slides. Maybe they'll push off the due date on the paper too. That would be nice :-)
1	Well, Adam already told you about our weekend together.  So I won't repeat that.  But I  will say that I went on an interview at Quest Diagnostics Friday and was offered the job on the spot.  So that is beyond awesome. My starting date is March 7, and it's a day-shift position and $3 more an hour , plus 10% extra on weekends.  I work Tuesday through Saturday.   Also, one of my friends and co-workers got a job there too.  So I'll know someone.   So wish me the best of luck.
1	Look what       _elektra    made me!     Because it's my birthday! I'm 19 now, feeling very young and immature...or trying to be anyway, I'm bored of being old.  And guess what I got from my mum? Both  Harry and The Potters  albums! Dude, they fucking rock! I've been playing them continuously in the kitchen at work today and they've made a really sucky day seem awesome.  I think we need a fan club. To the extent that I might contact them and offer to run the UK branch...  ETA:          LJMeme.com Crush Meme           Number of crushes on me so far: 0            LJ username:          
1	Karen and I went to a wine tasting last night.  It started and ended well for me.  In the middle were some things that were gushed over by people who have palates.  I was just happy that it started with Moscato and ended with Mead.  Mm.
1	Thursday; Met them while shopping in our "complex", introduced by one of Amber's friends from school. Saturday; Meet them out the front of our coffee shop, having a few smokes and enjoying the peaceful - busy street.  Spoke for ages about their language, their home town ( Milan, Italy ) and their life at school (my god do they have it good - they smoke pot with their teachers!), but then in return they are learning university-grade schooling.  Was so interesting. Love meeting different and new people - Especially different ethnic backgrounds.   Sono bei anche!   :P
0	I just want my President's Day off like the other half of the country that's involved in a government place.  Stupid movable holiday being observed on Christmas at KSU. :(
1	I might get a job at Fannie May! - woot woot  Instead of looking at old/used cars, we will be looking (and dad and friend already are) at NEW ones!!! woohoo
1	3 minutes to go till my birthday is over.  It's been a heck of a 4-day celebration!  Anyone who missed me this weekend... I might have to call my Sentient Spanking Bench into service again next weekend so that you can catch up ;&gt;  Thank You to everyone who helped me celebrate or sent me their good wishes!  Mwah!!!  You all made it one of the best birthdays in memory.  *ear to ear grin*
0	Marty, give me a call. Let's go do something tonight. Or tomorrow.
1	 One of my favourite films is to have a sequel (you have no idea how difficult it was to not type SQL there).   http://www.viewaskew.com/news/aug04/3.h tml  
0	 To my Catholic friends, I am so sorry for your loss.&nbsp; He was a wonderful man.    &nbsp; 
0	Today I had my ass handed to me.  It was repeated and prolific.  Unyeilding.  I will forever remind myself from now on that I can and must and will do better for me and the others around me.  "It could be worse"(thanks Jai)    They certainly could.  I feel ashamed of myself.  I feel sickened.    Insperational really.  Depressing and Inspirational.
1	 After sunday's last springtraining game against the Springfield Cardinals Pujols didn't strike out in 75 plate appearances.    I cannot FRIGGIN wait til Friday...AH!  Something hit me on the way to class today. Although I've known it, if I get this Disney thing, I'll be gone for 2/3's of the season. I knew this but I'm like...hmmm...CARDINALS BASEBALL!!! :(  But whatever...I can't friggin wait. And tomorrow night's the opener in Houston...I just have to breathe...:D  AND the Red Sox got their ass kicked by the Yankees last night, 9-2. And to think I used to hate the Yankees. Now the only time I'll want them to win is against the BoSox...  anybody wanna come to my house and watch with me??? Huhhh??? Tomorrow night, 6 pm. Gimme a call...we'll make a party out of it! :D
1	OK so yeah whats up pep's, i am in a good mood today, lets start with sat. the only call we got was cause we had to go post at station 10, yes i said post. so we only ran one call and then went to the station a fell back alseep, so sat was sleep caching up day. sunday steph called at like 3 am to tell me she made it home safe, and i was like aw she so sweet. ok so back to bed woke up at the end of my tour, went home, had to go to my rents house to do the christmas thing with my grandparents on my moms side. after that i went and got stephanie, we went shoping at wal-mart. got dinner and a movie then we went home. i woke up at 445am this morning and i cooked breakfast for stephanie, she had no clue i woke her up and was like goodmorning sweetie i cook breakfast for you and she was like aw your so sweet. but thats abut it for now. we have already ran two calls and is starting to get bizzy again so i think we might be headed out again so. im out of here
0	I definitely understand my relationship more.  I'm not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing.
1	fuck yeah im home!  drew picked me up from philly, aaah passat, and we got some tony lukes.  cars are fun, cheesesteaks are fun, more cheesesteaks tomorrow night are funner.  i love nj.     peace out boys and girls
1	Hmm... how should I say this?....       I HAVE A NEW COMPUTER    
1	Third day in the new house and things are shaping up nicely.  We've figured out that we've got everything we need except furniture and a wide screen telly.  In other news I'm now an uncle.  My sister gave birth the same day we moved in.  That's going to be wierd, being an uncle to someone on the other side of the world.  Life is good.
0	i'm deathly ill.   i hate guys.  (for the most part.)  a lot of people hate me right now...in some cases, no idea why.  damn this sucks.  i don't belong in high school...  i'm sorry. i hate depressing entries.
1	I only decided to go for one day.     Kinda blurry, but who cares.
1	Just updating so people can see the new stupid Asian Horror LJ Icon I made ^^
1	Okay, does anybody remember this old animé series called "Candy Candy?"  I used to watch it when I was, like, 5 or 6 years old (this was around 1984-85).  I watched it in Italian as I was living in Italy at the time.  So, DOES ANYBODY REMEMBER IT?  Great series!  My first exposure to animé, or as I used to call it, those cartoons with "the people with the pretty eyes."  LOL  So I'm also trying to figure out where to honeymoon with Mike.  So far, we have the British Virgin Islands, Lake Louise (in Alberta, Canada), and Alaska, with a possible combination of the last two.  Suggestions are welcome!!!!
1	 http://www.myspace.com/cassinidivision   my cousins band is getting picked up by a label check out some of their songs their hella good (throwing in a little west coast lingo cause that where they're from)
0	my poor little kitty is at the anti-cruelty society.  his leg was bleeding and i had no choice but to take him. he was suffering, so it's for the best. i will miss him.         so sad...
0	So life has decided that it wants to go all confusing on me again. Maybe it's just because it is 1:20 in the morning, and I've finally had some time to think about what has been going on these past few weeks and whether I need to let it go, or try to change it. I've let a lot of things go by unquestioned, and I'm finally starting to question. I feel like there's something deeper that I am lacking, but I'm not entirely sure what that is. So frustrating.  Also, I haven't been able to cry. I've tried, no dice. It seems like it would be somewhat helpful as a release. Oh well. bedtime.  One more thing, I wonder if life can really be like the end of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, where you consciously decide to make all the same mistakes again, because you know it will make you happy.
1	MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!!! HAVE A GREAT DAY!!! HOPE YOU GET EVERYTHING YOU WANT!!!
1	my birthday was fantastic. I love my friends lol.. Steph bought me a cookie cake.. Christa made me cupcakes.. Jose bought me balloons.. and Miss bought me gum and cookies.. LOL fantastic.. Just opened presents from my parents which was cool.. nothin too extravagant so im happy.. Got ghetto sunglasses WHICH I ABSOLUTELY LOVE.. now im making my parents take me to olive garden for breadsticks.. lol my mom really doesnt wanna go cause she hates places like olive garden but thats alright, she'll get over it--plus its my birthday lol  and yea sunday is my sisters birthday and i will probably head to the mall tommorow to get her her presents.. and im at a volleyball tourny all weekend in tampa so that shall be fun..  anyway.. off to eat some more.. peace out playas  p.s. still have my crush but now that i think about it i really dont think i have a chance.. so oh well
0	i just got done watching viva la BAM and now im watching the ring 2 preveiw and its hot shit,probally the best part of my shitty weekend but other than that It's great,cause of BAM!
1	Well, uh, it's December 23rd...my birthday is today ^^  I apologize for not writing as often but I will get back on it, I promise! Ran seems to be the best at keeping his updated every so often, even though he was against having one when we started. ^^;;  The kittens are pretty much cats now; and I'll have to give them away soon. And uh, I don't know if I should say thank you to Yoji for leaving the holiday edition of Playboy under my door. *meeps*
1	Hey hey hey all! I hope that you all have a wonderful weekend! I'm heading out in a little bit to go help Providence Baptist in their Disciple Now weekend! so... I'm way pumped! I've got a weekend full of Lori Beth and crazy girls ahead of me! Know that I love you all!!  ...perservere!
0	 http://www.canada.com/national/national post/news/story.html?id=cac37ea5-e6b3-40 3d-9cb8-a0d668260f66   i hope he, Chase Lussier, may rest in peace in the knowledge that he gave up his own life and may have well saved the lives of two girls from the gunman in the minnesota school shooting. another senseless act of violence in schools. what is this world coming to?
1	 "Your my god. Thats probably why my heart is yours. And i aint grumbling for you are the god that brings me life."     You are Oriya.      Which Yami no Matsuei Character are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	Yay. The 49ers won 50-14.  If this team played half as good on the road as it did on home they'd win the super bowl. They haven't won a single game on the road, but when at home they're beating even the good teams by 20 points *scratches his head* Oh well.   I turn 24 this Friday - still not sure what I'm going to do for my Birthday. I went and played pool this weekend with a few friends - was great fun.  Me and Soulcutter (brad) kicked Melissa and Gems ass. Many times. It was beautiful. :D
0	I shouldn't even be expending the energy to punch the keys to type this, but damn I'm having a bad day.  Crying and everything.
0	ok ok ok  its coming up to winter right, predicted 2.5 metre swell and its flat as a tack but hey u cant have it all or have any of it in my case august is so far away, and i wanna leave perth now thinking of putting my app on hold and travelling for a whil, or just saying fuck it and giving up. i am a quitter, always have been to those who think i am a strong person, think again i dunno i just cant do it, i never could i was kidding myself. i was kidding everyone else too ahh well, i will get over it, always have and i dunno why i am feeling like this. im sorry
1	One - I went for a walk this evening and the transformer on the corner which used to make a constant buzzing noise is now an ex-transformer and ex-pole.  Tomorrow I'll look the other way to see if the other noisy pole is also toast.    Two - The housemate and I watched *Call of the Wild*.  How I love *Due South*.  It has the best ending of any show ever!
1	DJ Sammy's cover of "Boys of Summer" rocks. I love all the old school songs coming out with funky techno beats. Rock.       What Is Your True Aura Colour?     brought to you by  Quizilla    I would probably have described myself as a yellow. I think that Liv would be pink, and Lareina would probably be purple.   Just over a week until QLD!  And I got a Credit for my Pop essay *happy dance* Yay!!
0	  bleed .one more time for me.cause my heart.is filled with loneliness.and this world.is filled with loneliness.  and i can't forgive myself for all the things i've done, but you... you do.
1	I'm joining a women's Aussie Rules team!  Right here in New York.  And I get to go watch the men play this weekend!  Footy, right in front of my very eyes!!
1	I've spent the day working and for some reason found myself staring at the ring. It's not that it's distracting or that draws the eye like many other examples I've seen.   No, it's a simple band of gold, elegant and graceful, much like its source. A few of my colleagues have noticed but all are too polite to ask - I think it's more due to fear than a true respect for my privacy.   However, if they did ask, I'd tell them where it came from.  I have nothing to hide, at least not where my heart is concerned.  If you read this... which I know you will, Mark, I want you to know one thing.  I'm yours.  Alex
1	i just heard back from the person who runs the tube site mentioned in del's earlier post!!  (apparently she did recieve my email.)  she apologized, plus, she was VERY polite about it and has promised to remove the offending image right away.  :)  so, YAY for the nice ones!!  :)  i wish they could all be this cool about it.  ;)
0	..pull it together, i read kenny's email, and i can't stop crying, i am hiding behind the desk, its safe there. but a weird lady just came in and i have to out there and make sure she doesn't steal anything. ::sniffs sniffs:: i have not cried in so long. i lost a dear friend, at least i feel i did.
0	Happy birthday dude. Yesterday/today we had a blast and hope to see many more days like this.
1	Hey everyone.   I just want you all to know that I love you.   And there are three of you... make that four of you.... that I love more than everyone else.   But I love the rest of you, too. For the most part. ^.^
1	Yes, after a week of resisting I've joined       weyoun_one    in the DS owning club. :oD  On a vaguely related note - very nifty site here:  http://www.vgmaps.com/  - video game level maps
0	please tell me if there is somethign wrong with me.... dane and i just broke up and i mean we still want to be friends like we were at camp but i dont think that we will stay friends.... but i really want to know if there is like something wrong with me.... why cant i keep a guy for a long time... please help me
1	I get to go on VACATION!!!!  HA!  I am going to SunRiver with my parents and going to the spa for an all day pampering treatment.  I also get to go clothes shopping since I am in desperate need for winter clothes.  YAY!  Talk to ya'll soon!
0	quickk update b4 bed.  SPiRiT week was this week. lots of good costumes and stuff going around, even tho not as many ppl dressed up. it was fun. last high school rally today. =( *tear* its been fun. the skit was awesome, so happy it went well and every1 loved it! haha, had to take off my shorts for 'salute my shorts.' and yay!, i got ms. 2005. was hoping i would since ppl were telling me they voted for me. so yay. =) the powderpuff jerseys looked good on the wall..umm, potluck lunch today too. yum, thx jaim! [p.s. can't wait for nemo! =)]   ok, i'm tired. so mad i can't go to nh. i guess i'll hv to wait until spring break...2 months.. so much hw for vacation...and i don't wanna do any of it. =/   ok, gnite.
1	Today is Christmas! I can't believe it is here already!  Last night we ended up at Patrick's because Pantheon was closed. I hadn't eaten anything all day and got tispy off like 2 drinks. I had fun but everyone that met Terence was saying how beautiful he is and that they can't believe that he doesn't have a boyfriend. After they would go on and on....it was like...oh yeah, you're cute too. WHAT?? I guess I should be happy to be attractive by association...but it gets me down.  I'm getting ready to go to Renda's house for Christmas. I think we are just gonna hang there and then all the "peeps" are gonna go to a movie later tonight. At least, that is the plan for now.  Let's see how this day goes.  Merry Christmas to everyone!  Love,  --Richard
1	well today was gay. . .people being stupid like always. . .and people lyeing. . .same old same old. . .dont want to go to jf anymore. . .its so gay. . .but wow like 20 mins ago kyle freekin IMed me i hate him soo much hes so stupid. . .grr anywho i passed my drivers ed exam so they are sending my liences in the mail im soo excited!!! heck yes. . .anywho thats it later. . .
1	so happy in this moment. week  from  hell  is  over . quite great. goodnight  HAPPY WEEKEND!!!  ?
1	I Passed all of my classes.!!!! I had to wre-write Anatomy and physiology (A&P)today because I got 64%when a passing mark starts a 65%. On the test I did today I got 75%. so loyalist is kicking me out. all of my markes were really good my highest mark was 85% in life span to 74in self and others (this excluds A&P). [dances] ^_^
1	I just got back from seeing a really, really, really good production of  Equus , a play that effortlessly melds sex, horses, and religious idolatry in an extremely Kaori-esque fashion. Brilliant. Now I shall drink whiskey and watch episodes of Texhnolyze with my roommate. It's been a good day.
0	now, isn't this feeling familar?   disappointment from watching a hockey game.   the fan support there, but the job left uncompleted.      another season gone, different team in the spotlight, same result.
0	Still got the hurt going on.  Not nearly as intense as it was though.  Just feels like cramps and sharp pains jolting me.  Everything in the last few days has been a blur and one big reality check.  Still learning that people aren't what they seem.    To me, coming from you, Friend is a four letter word End is the only part of the word, That I heard. Call me morbid or absurd, But to me, Coming from you, Friend is a four letter word  To me, Coming from you, Friend is a four letter word End is the only part of the word That I heard, Call me morbid or absurd, But to me, Coming from you, Friend is a four letter word  When I go fishing for the words, I am wishing you would say to me, I am really only praying that The words you'll soon be saying Might betray the way you feel about me.  But to me, Coming from you, Friend is a four letter word.
0	can someone explain to me what the hell is wrong w/ this country?  are we really that stupid?  everyone says that the country is fucked up, but we re-elect the very reason this country is fucked up.  we are now officially the laughing stock of the whole world.  sad to say, but true.  so now it's a call to arms.  join me and jimmy king in an uprising!  american civil war version 2.0  who's with us?
1	alright alright....well for your bitches information kat wasnt crying over my note. yes i do know about that and i really think that your fags should shut the hell up.One becuase of the fact that i dont care about you and your bullshit. So go the hell away! leave me alone saty out of my life you guys say i have drama you need to open your eyes and take a look around....look really hard and you will come to find out that you cause the drama! okay i was sick today and i still hear about you guys talking about me! thats pathetic.....you guys need to GET OVER the fact that me and kat are still BEST FRIENDS AND ALWASY WILL BE...all this drama about me makes me thing some people have some jelousy inside of them over me and kats frinedship....and im sorry you feel that way butSCREW YOU AND GROW THE HELL UP....
0	 Blog of Death: Wanda Alston   What do you want to bet some redneck is going to claim she deserved it, or it was "God's will" for being gay?   View this post on my blog   
1	I deleted my last entry because I don't want to give the wrong impression about Chris and I.  We are doing fine now, we talked some stuff out and things are grand.  The things I asked you all were all philisophical... so, no worries.  But thank you to everyone.. I recieved quite a few instant messages asking if I was okay.  I'm fine.  I love you all.  I'm sooooo excited, I get to see Chris the day after tomorrow!
1	 Tonight was my second foray into $5/$10 NL/PL, this time Pot Limit, for a nicer profit of $1069.50 in an hour (my first $5/$10 No Limit experience was ~$300 in a similar amount of time).  Sadly I can't expect it to go as well every time, but as long as my bankroll can handle the swings my overall results should go up quite a bit. :)    Why today?  What are these big changes at Party the subject mentions?  Well, starting on March 1st all of the NL/PL games now have a max buyin of 100x the big blind instead of 50x, so the $2/$4 NL and PL games I was playing in before now have a $400 max buyin instead of $200.  They've also added $3/$6 and $5/$10 games, both No Limit and Pot Limit, and more tables of each than they had $2/$4 tables before!  That should mean a lot less time on waiting lists, a lot more games to choose from, and hopefully a lot more profits for me, if things go well. :)    The Salmon are swimming upstream... 
1	Forgot to review the draft the other day.  I love fantasy drafts; always a rockin' good time.  Favorite new song: Cha Cha Slide by DJ Casper.  Good times.
0	hey well, my life..is just over. i cant take this family anymore..i keep getting put down every time i go home...even by my little sister, i seem to cry really easily now..over anything and everything...i never used to be that way..but thats how my family has got me...my mom and my sister are my worst enemies..and it makes me really sad bc thats not how its supposed to be. I mean i love them to death but if they dont stop with this i know im never going to be able to forgive them...and honestly i dont want to have that happen. I need help, like a psychiatrist or something but i already know what shes gonna say, i just hope that some one can tell my mom how to fix this cuz she has no clue and you can tell..i mean i know what there is to be done to fix this..but she cant even look at me, less even talk to me. Whatever..i just wanna go home...this is not home..my home is with the people that love me unconditionally and treat me right. But i guess its time to go, peace yo.....
1	OK, bad news first:  there was a huge fiasco involving buying U2 tickets today.  So serious that some long-time fans are disillusioned with the band. So-so news next: sometime soon I want to start a band.  I could get me, my dad, and my aunt in it.  It will be my new favorite band. and finally the AWESOME news: my aunt and I just purchased three tickets to the U2 concert on May 7, 2005 in Chicago!  YAY!  (It's me, her, and my cousin.)  now that we got the tix bought, we just need to plan the trip, get hotel reservations etc. It will be 4W350M3!
1	When was the last time you popped "Rhythm of the Pridelands" into your car's CD player and listened to it at a good loud level to drown out a lot of the noise around you?  It's been ages, listened to it on the way home today and it washed away the days stress.  Do it, you will feel a lot better when you get home
0	This is my last post here for awhile.  I've bored you all enough saying the same things over and over.  If anything important happens I'll post again, otherwise see you all elsewhere.
1	 One day my dear ronaman you will wake up and seise to be the loser you are but until then. BOO! you whore! Chrissymus was good I got $300 and just bought all the fun stuff I wanted.       Mean girls dvd    Harry Potter 3 dvd    Girl Next Door Unrated Dvd    Eurotrip Unrated Dvd    Linsey Lohan CD    Hillary Duff's CD    SICK ASS metal bracelett    Phone for my room    And a book Bag    3 more books for the  In Death  series by J.D. ROBB      but the most wicked kiss ass thing I bought was the 7th season of Buffy on DVD. and that means I'm finally finished the dvd series! BOOHYAH! I can now move on to comics.      I'm at work but I really wanna remodel my journal.     &nbsp; 
1	I got my tounge pierced!!! FUCK YA!!! I was scared shitless!!!! i went with Christina and ran into Amiee there. It's fuckin insane.. hopefully my parents don't see it... They will KICK MY ASSS  muahahahaha  I just said Fuck it..   Walked in and let him do it... Crazy..   It's hot!!! But it's swelling now.. Errrrg  Next two days will be helll... lookin forward to it!! yay!!  :P  ~mandabear~
0	and the texans lost... so much for going to the playoffs
0	well tonight was the 6th man contest...woo hoo we lost but it was an incredible game. also guys soccer beat pope john paul 3-1 yahh we're going to the play-offs! anyway today was february 1st...cant believe its' been 2 years..Gosh soo much has happened. i guess we've all grown up huh. anyways tonight i found out some "news" and im still not sure how to react. i mean it hurts to find out that kinda stuff out..but im used to it. kinda sucks though b/c i really did want to remain friends..
1	     I AM 43% EVIL GENIUS!      I want to be evil. I do evil things. But given the opportunity, and a darn good reason I may turn to the good side.  Besides I am probably a miserable evil genius.   Take the EVIL GENIUS test at Fuali.com        I'm Dr. Evil!  WOO HOO!!
1	I now have my own website! ^^ YAY! *dances around* check it out if you get the chance!
1	me and jahan are having a nice conversation :D im so gladddddd hes my best friend. hehe this convo is long. but i have to sleep soon and i don't want it to end!!!!!!!!  i have to visit him. xoxo alona
0	Remember that and sleep tight...    You are Polarus.  You are just like my best friend(wierdo). You love anime, kitties, games, electronica, and are probably hyper.  You're kind of a freak, but you're goth friendly. So youre all right. :) Email him at: polarusnorthstar@hotmail.com      What kind of goth are you? (with pics)     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	ari nie masuk2 office je aku terus gi bilik kak EO. masuk je bilik dia terus kena soalan cepu emas, 'eh?!? kenapa nampak susut pulak badan? baju nie yang do the magic ke or memang badan dah susut?'. aku jawab 'heheheee....memang dah susut sikit kak EO'. 'kenapa?'. 'makan hati berulam jantung..hehhehee'.
1	So today we saw Starlight Express at the Playhouse.  It was amazing.  Everytime I go to the theatre I come out wanting to be a part of it all.  I've dug out all my soundtracks and I've been wondering what it would have been like if I'd ignored all that advice at school and done the Music Technology course after all...  And I made  this .  A bit sad I know.  Cant decide whether its too busy for a desktop or not.  Oh, and all the images were found on the web...I have no copyright over them etc etc.
1	oh man  oh man  oh man  oh man  oh man      SOMETHING CORPORATE  CONCERT in ONE WEEK      i'm listening to nothing but their music til that day.....        
1	  Well today is the opening of the princess diaries 2!! Now i know that its a kid movie or whateva, but its so cute! Hopefully my bf will be sweet enough to have remembered and take me to see it. *_* hehe!       Or if not i can always go with some friends.        Hello? Any friends that wanna go see thid movie with me? Call me up okay?       XD  
1	i was up till 4;30 this morning with the best 4 friends a girl can have....carrie ,samatha ,Charlotte & Miranda.  happy new year
1	i was havin so much fun with emma 2day in science lol we were talkin about random things like her dog gettin drunk roflllll yer and shes so funny brooke is also funny when i was in inrterviwes and she was makin me laugh ok cya lol mwah luv ya
0	I am shaking so bad right now. I am so ready to get out of the house!! I wish I could go live with my brother and sis-in-law or Taylor and his family. Those are the only people that I actually can stand to be around and at least they won't snap at me for doing something. I have been feeling like this for like at least 3 months. I just keep telling myself that things are going to get better but they aren't. I have been crying myself to sleep for the last couple of nights and it looks like tonight will be another night. I hate crying, but I can't seem to put on that happy face. I find ever single way to get out of this house, and I do. I wish I could find away to make every thing better...                 Sha
1	Can't wait till tomorrow... it is Maura's Birthday 1
1	                    tygre          is happy.                      You're a rosy-cheeked ray of f'ing sunshine 24/7.  I bet you smile a lot and little things don't get you down.  Must be nice.  Fuchsia's definitely your color.                                brought to you by       interim32   . wanna know your livejournal's mood ring          color? enter your username and hit the button.                                                                                                    Livejournal Mood Ring          
0	I'm going to go crazy very soon.  but it dosen't matter.  there is no way.            i guess i'm gonna go crazy.
0	The female is now in Turlock. I'm already feeling down. C'es la vie, I guess.
1	Ok so I'm a little blonde sometimes but please tell me how it is absolutely possible that Mimi spills a little coffee on Shawn and all of a sudden he remembers the whole summer with Jan? And then on top of it it's just like oh how great Shawn and everyone forgets about and they move on. I mean it's been dragging on forever about how he can't remember anything and now it all comes back and it's like five minutes and it's done. Oh the little things that frustrate me. :)
1	oh man . all i gotta do is go to school for the rest of this week and then its spring break!!. whoop dee doo. cant wait. get paid on friday. get my car fixed soon.   i remember a year from here i was just wondering what was going to happen next. except i still lived with my parents. now im wondering whats gonna happen next and it feels good having no guarantees and no safe bets. life is what i make of it. i cant wait for whats gonna happen next .    sun everyday
1	I sent out some of my Christmas presents today, so that if they don't fit, I can try to alter them on the train, or before we leave.  So if they don't fit, let me know, I'm good with quick alteration spells.  I can't wait to see my family again.
1	i just  want    it to be over   everything...  i want to be stuck in a dream
0	"Angel you pick me up off my knees, angle you dried my tears for me, you taught me how to love, in Jesus Christ name, you taught me how to greet a new day, angle of mine  angel you pray for me to the father above, angel you dried my tears for me, you taught me how to greet a new day, you always kept me safe from pain, please whatever you do don't leave me angle of mine  angel you wrapped your wings around me, angle you fly away with me, you taught me how to love in Jesus Christ name you taught me how to great a new day please whatever you do don't leave me angle of mine…  angle...angle" Paul  So yeah royally pissed at my stupid brother. I just wanted a day of peace and he manages to f%#? that up. Yeah for stupid people! Today wasn’t one of my better days. But I keep my optimism.   So I now have IM again so leave me your screen names or e-mail them to jacobross25@yahoo.com   As always rate me at hot or not  http://www.hotornot.com/r/?eid=O8KL BZO&key=BEE 
0	 Mecha has a point , really.  Sure, Lee got a beatdown in the  forum , with actual genuine facts from someone who doesn't believe the garbage Fox News feeds its viewers, but even still.  I don't want to read a comic if it's going to remind me of how very, very sad humanity makes me.  I'm not going to be all OMG LEE IS A BAD PERSON HE CANNOT DO THAT MAKE IT GO AWAY LALALALALA because, hey, he's got a right to do whatever he wants with Chopping Block (within the scope of Keenspot's policies &c).  I've just got a similar right to not look.
1	I just wanted to say howdy and I'm 99.999% positive that I will be joining you all as an in-coming freshman fall 05! =D
1	  You are Snoopy!      Which Peanuts Character are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	I'm tired of my day in day out thing. Same thing every day. To work, to home, sit at the computer, play games. Day off, sit home, do chores, sit at the computer, play games.  I know I'm just in one of my moody funks, I just want to be over with it yesterday. Cause it's only getting worse.  I feel like if I crawled into a little cave and stayed there, life for me would be no different and I wouldn't exactly be missed either.  No one wants to be around a moody me. Not even me.
0	Well, I guess some girls like you better if you show them you DON'T care, and if you treat them like shit. I think that turns them on or something...I guess I should take that aproach from now on...rather than showing them I care, letting them know that I love them and wanting to spend time together...nope I was all wrong...stupid me...       Bright Eyes is writing your life story! introspective and articulate, don't let your love life get you down so much that you drink yourself into oblivion and kill a family of 4 while driving drunk. no one likes dating a convicted felon.      Which Band Is Writing Your Life's Story?     brought to you by  Quizilla    By the way, I hate Bright Eyes, the guys voice is so fucking annoying!
1	no friends....friends later? i can't help loving band slash, and boy on boy love....it's an addiction, it's tragic it's ravaging......what more can i do to succumb and take over the internet crazy authoress style? i'm writing this now for no audience, my little secret journal, where i can finally keep tabs on my fav communities.  who said alter egos aren't fun
0	Those are my ownly 2 choices left. I can't stay here anymore. This life is just too hard. I'll probably run away first buy myself a little more time then off myself. But I just can't stand this anymore. I can't stand my mom, I can't stand me. I can't stand living. Cutting isn't even helping as much as it used too. There's just no point. I'll be dead by Christmas, I don't have it planned I just know it. I'd be surprised if I live past Halloween, I've been saying I'll be dead for Halloween, Maybe for real. But I can't take it anymore.   I want to run away, and I will. I just don't know where I can go. Maybe I should just straight out off myself. But I have no way to kill myself, no way at home at least.   I can't think of anything else to do. Those are my only 2 opitions left.   I wish I had just never been born, people would have been a lot happier.
1	I talked to my college roomate tonight for about an hour and a half... I forgot til I spent time with her in ft. wayne how important a friend she is to me... total plus..... her husband is a sweetie and a good friend too...   my new years resolution besides working on me.... spend some time in ft wayne :)
1	Would anybody even be able/want to come to the cook-out???????
1	well just in time for the upcoming midterms to end off the quarter i've thrown myself into another round of full blown tamora pierce obession. I swear it isn't my fault though. It is all Lady Knight's fault.  I had read the first three books of the Protector of the Small series a few months ago and just didn't have time to finish the fourth.  I didn't like the series all that much anyways.  ....  Until I hit book number four last week.  I thought that this series wasn't as good as the others T.P. has done for Tortall, but I seriously think the last book in itself makes up for anything lacking in the first four.  I LOVED the book.  There was so much character developement and I think Kel's personality really showed through once she had her shield and could act on her own.    So now I have decided that I must read through ALL of my tamora pierce books again in between doing homework and studying of course... *shifty eyes*... of course.    Alanna The First Adventure, here I come.
1	The gloomy clouds struck the sky in a black hole of hatred allowing a black hole of sadness in the sky,as the meloncholy ran fell through the open heavens,falling to the streets of night in swift sharp drops.  the sounds of droplets on my tin roof lead me to dreams.  I feel the rythm of the owl's fluttering wings as the droplets take control.  the scent of the drenched shadow trees flows into my nostrils as i feel the water clensing my soul clearing the pensiveness.
1	Argh... it's been so hectic - wrapping up things for school and so on... that I have had time to post recently. Anyway, I'm off to Hokkaido now and will be away for a couple of weeks.   Hikari - I'll drop Pen-Pen at your place on the way.   Kaworu and Shinji - I'll be dropping by with some presents and the spare keys (if you need them). Can you keep an eye on the apartment while I'm away? Thanks!  Right, i have to go... BYE-BYE!
1	I have done some research into this and it does not appear to be a scam. All you have to do is sign up for a free offer (most of them are trials that you can cancel anytime) and get a few friends to sign up as well. And then they send you a FREE Ipod! Man, I really want one of these!  I am training for a half marathon in May and it sure would come in handy...I currently have a (broken) Archos which weighs about 2 pounds, so even if I get it fixed, there's no way I'm running with it LOL!  Anyone interested, visit  http://www.freeiPods.com/?r=1513362 2  . You'll help me get a free Ipod and get one for yourself too!
0	I failed my accounting final... fuck and the one person of whom i thought would give the most comfort.. didn't.  So first my grade failed me and now my heart is.  I hate being me sometimes
0	so yeah, myspace hates me officially, so i have to have john do it for me :( cuz im so incompetant(sp?)...
1	Shrek on dvd? check. McDonalds before the movie? check. cuddling while watching the movie? check. jess actually being able to enjoy herself and relaxing? check.  im so happy that shes feeling better. tonight was awesome.
1	i went to my dads to do christmas presents. and we have this 'tradition' if you will that we have been doing since i was little.  my dad hides the presents around the house and gives clules to find them. its super fun. haha so i get to my last present and its a shoebox. inside is crumbled up new papers.   i take them all off and its a.... travelers guide to Switzerland. im going to Switzerland. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! for real this time. im so excited.  i need a vacation so bad. this summer is going to ruuule. gosh.  this rocks. *happy holidays*  lis
1	It just started raining for only the second time since I've been here. Once again I managed to get the tarp over the bike just in time. Tropical rainfall is a little different than what I'm used to in the US... it tends to begin and end almost instantly. If you're out and about and haven't noticed the signs, you're very likely to get caught in it. When the rain comes it is very intense, but it tends to last 10-15 minutes and then be done. It also usually only rains once a day, and hardly ever at night.  Using the miracles of modern technology, and specifically my camera's MPG capture ability, I bring you  10 seconds of Panama rain  (3.7Mb).
0	So after a bad Monday at work, I had to take sick leave for the rest of the week. My doctor wasn't in doubt, I was in need of a time-out. So here I am, trying to collect myself into a living being, from what feels like a pool of Odo on the floor. [/trek reference] I had a burn-out like depression in 2002, and I am afraid I'm not really up to speed yet. It seems I'm not.  To make mattes worse, they just called from the party HQ, and asked when I was coming. I had cancelled everything in the office, but this out-of-office appointment I had forgotten to cancel. All the big wigs were sitting there, waiting for me to lecture them on the recently passed changes in the election laws, and the impact on strategy, and I was simply a no-show. How very embarrassing. :( :( :(
1	I know some of you must have been wondering if we were ever going to get a better mass spectrometer in the  Protein Lab .  Answer: heck yea!  Our new Thermo Electron Finnigan LTQ linear ion trap has arrived.  I have photos from day one of installation on Flickr in my  Laboratory  set, or just look for the  LTQ  tag.  More photos will follow.    The nice thing about mass spectrometers is that, although they cost a lot, at least they look like they cost a lot.  Some machines cost a hundred-thousand dollars and just don’t look like much, just a bunch of plastic tubes and solenoids.  A mass spec may cost a third of a million, but it  looks  like a third of a million bucks, with shiny high-vacuum components, turbomolecular pumps, polished ion optic components, and lots and lots of electronics.
1	</description>    <comments>http://www.livejournal.com/users/erishon/3358.html</comments>    <lj:mood>excited</lj:mood>  </item>
1	So today was my day to register for spring and summer session and I got all the classes I wanted! Here's my schedule:  Quarter 1 – Métis History in Western Canada (6 credits) Quarter 2 – Native Women in Canada Quarter 3 – Criminal Behaviour Quarter 4 – Current Issues in Criminal Justice  And then I’m finished my degree! After I write my last final next Monday I’ll have an entire month off before the first quarter starts.  I’ve been so busy lately that it’s going to be a DRASTIC change having copious amounts of free time on my hands!
1	     Which Napoleon Dynamite Character are You? by MemeMoose      Username           Favorite Color           Amount of times you have seen the movie      I haven't seen Napoleon Dynamite and don't intend to. I haven't seen it yet-but will! 1 2 3 4 More than 4 times!       You are    Napoleon      Your future career is    Bike-jumping pro      Quote that sums up your life    "We both know that I'm training to be a cage fighter."        Overall coolness factor: 45%                                                                                               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	omigosh, lately, i've been having the BEST luck!!   -im moving in like, 2 weeks into my own place with my girl sarah -my new house is SO SWEET, and ima have a blast...can't wait!!!! -last saturday i finally got rid of some worries and had some fun  and i got a little crazy in the middle of nowhere at a fire!!! -i just got my car all fixeded and it purr's like a kitten, YAY! -my sister is in jail cause' she came at me with a hammer...yep -im getting braces in like 3 weeks for a year and having surgery   so i can have perty teeth! YAY! -im gonna graduate in like 1 month and...thats exciting in itself -and...my jobs are going great! -and...no serious drama, and i can't wait to move...  im coming downstate for prom, anyone need a date or a extra person  in the limo, lemme know! :D  im in a great mood for once, kiss kiss xoxo  christine
1	Sooo pretty!!!!   http://www.livejournal.com/users/spikym e/320057.html?view=3960633   Go see the prettiness! Now!
1	    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;           GO FALL PLAYS!!!!!!!!! SHINE!!!!!!!!!!    
1	Now I have six levels! Isn't that FANTASTIC? tigger2002guy has nine, Blanche (bubbles2003_neo) has four, and BeatofSaint01 has just three!! Haha!  Oh yeah, mum got into the Neopian Times again. She makes Illusen look bad (sorry!), but Jhudora look worse. And it's told by a Faerie Nimmo with the name of Jhuisa. Give ya a clue?
0	I have been feeling just...Awkwardly sad for about a week now. Things'll amuse me, yeah, but I'm still just...Really, really sad. I don't want to talk about why because it's a dumb, retarded fucking reason for being this depressed, so please...Don't ask me about it.  Kathryn, you know why.
0	i came back from punta cana last night.. the first 3 days sucked cuz i ddnt kno anyone.. but then it got better.. i made tons of new friendz.. the ones that i usually hung out with were nicky, katie, dan, and like two other gurlz... it was soo much fun.. especially new years.. ( haha ) i miss punta cana  .. :'(.. 
1	My baby is getting so big!  She started sitting up by herself Saturday.
0	Here I Go Hear Me Call Out After You Bouncing Off With The Satellites A Few Broken Words To Get Me Through This Letting Out What I'm Always Holding In Gone Away But I'm Coming Back Again Only You Can Get Me Through This   Things May Change And I'll Take The Blame But What I Am To You Will Remain The Same Unfair Exchange  When There's Nothing Clear To Take So Many Things That I Can't Be Near
1	I gave Lindsay her Cure and EBM mixtapes. In return, I received Joshua Fit for Battle (really fucking good) and Motion City Soundtrack (dancin' my ass off). Also got more mix cds from Wayne. ^-^  Yesterday was wonderful. I went home with Wayne and hung out and watched Evil Dead. I met a bunch of his friends at Fuel (some I already know). They amuse me and they're such sweet kids. We ate at Cafe East (pudding and ice cream...together!), which was lovely, as per usual. Then, we went to my house and spent the night lying in my bed, looking at the stars on my ceiling, and listening to the Cure. T'was nice. He's truly amazing.    Oh, yeah, and I bought the AFI tickets today!!! Word.
0	Well I haven't said much for a while. Lets see... depressed a lot, hate life, and probably gonna get worse. Seeing as everything i do leads back to feeling like shit i should just get used to it, but for some reason i  don't wanna think like that at the same time. I don't know what to think, i just wont to have someone tell me how to think and i'll be fine. I should have went to that party tonight... *sigh*      ....i need a hug.
1	she made me pizza....   never, ever, have I been so at peace with the world.  = )
0	Went to library. Did some reading and note-taking. I think the only interesting quote I got was someone echoing Einstein, that grammar was subtle but not malicious. Got distracted reading about Tagalog infixation. Spent the last couple of hours reading in Huddleston and Pullum's  CGEL , more interested in something I could at least partly understand. It's so good to see English grammar described freshly and impartially, with terminology appropriate to it. And they spend only a few paragraphs on such hard nuts as  used to  and  had better . This much needs to be done on every language in the world, starting with Pirah&atilde; and Eyak and all the ones that are rich and strange or that we might be about to lose.  Am still nowhere nearer understanding anything of what I'm trying to write about. I want to give up. I don't know how I can hand in  anything .  Am now about to get more maudlin over some Old Peculier.
1	I signed up for this via Foenix, but also need 5 people now - apparently this does work.  I personally signed up for the Blockbuster online deal since we were planning on trying Netflix anyway, so if I forget to cancel within 2 weeks it's not that big of a deal.  The other ones I would recommend would be either the BMG or Columbia House deals - we are both already members of those and have been for a few years. Never had any problems and have always gotten CDs/DVDs far cheaper overall than we would had we not been members.  Link:  http://www.freeiPods.com/default.aspx?re ferer=11095900    View this post on my blog   
1	What's the big diffrent between a lightball and a pregnant woman? You can unscrew the lightball :P  Ohhhhhwwwwwwww in 5 quarters I'll be having my next intervieuw at verhagen, for the job! The second round, I really hope they'll take me :D  I'm SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO EXITED!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH *how do I look?*  Oh yeah, soon there is going to be www.biegje.nl tee-hee, because of;  UNIT13!!!   And people... Please take a look and post on  "YadaYadaYada"     
1	i just got home from chandler, and guess what i picked up?!?!?!?! my boots! finally!! my life is complete.
1	        You scored as  Divine Command . Your life is directed by  Divine Command :  Your god and religion give you meaning and direction.    “Even as a tree has a single trunk but many branches and leaves, there is one religion--human religion--but any number of faiths.”  --Mahatma Gandhi    “Know therefore that the LORD thy God, he is God, the faithful God, which keepeth covenant and mercy with them that love him and keep his commandments to a thousand generations.”  --King James Version of the Bible    More info at  Arocoun's Wikipedia User Page...        Divine Command             95%       Justice (Fairness)             75%       Apathy             75%       Utilitarianism             65%       Kantianism             45%       Hedonism             30%       Existentialism             30%       Nihilism             15%       Strong Egoism             10%        What philosophy do you follow? (v1.02)   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	     Your Icon is..... by   d3athofs3asons        Your Name           Your Age           Your B-day           Your Icon Is....                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !            Your Icon is..... by   d3athofs3asons        Your Name           Your Age           Your B-day           Your Icon Is....                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !            Your Icon is..... by   d3athofs3asons        Your Name           Your Age           Your B-day           Your Icon Is....                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !            Your Icon is..... by   d3athofs3asons        Your Name           Your Age           Your B-day           Your Icon Is....                    Quiz created with MemeGen  !       You used write your name like this time to time...
1	hey its early but i hope u see it   HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR BRIERLY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!! HIP HIP HORAY HIP HIP HORAY HIP HIP HORAY]   wish ya well  b
0	I got laid last night.  ...What was I making such a big fuss over again?
1	I no longer have internet! I'm writing this at my boyfriend's house. lol Yes and the reason for that is I closed my internet account. I was going to change an internet provider but then the old one expired before the new one was sent, in fact, it expired on the day I called the new one up to make them send me a CD. So now I have no internet and I'd been suffering from withdraw symptoms *shiver shiver* But now I got my fix, so I'm all happy now.
1	To explain my post from last night, I don't have any major crisis in my life or anything, I was just in one of those moods where I think about things too much and get kinda upset.  Nothing bad at all, because today I'm in a great mood.    It's been a really good afternoon... and I'll leave it at that.
0	so... i went to a certain someone's place tonight... only to find them MIA... thought someone knew i was coming? saw the car. saw the same familiar smokes on that passenger's seat that housed me for 2+ hours oh so many weeks ago. sleeping? maybe. entertaining company? didn't want to disturb...didn't see any lights on. didn't want to stand there and freeze; knocking like a dumbass. so i left. i left a note on this someone's car. hoping this someone will see it in the morning and remember this scorpio. wish i knew what happenend. hoping everything is ok. can't explain how much i was looking forward to seeing this someone and having that indescribable connection. and possibly even getting some drum on. *le sob* maybe next time. i look forward to the next time. or the first time.
1	LOL. Anyway, I know it's been awhile, but life has been busy. I won't bore you with the details, just know that I've missed you all!  For all the Harry Potter fans out there, I highly recommend you look into the hogwarts_elite community. It seems really niffy, and I just submitted my application to join. So, c'mon! You know you're curious. Check it out. And if you run into Fred and George on the way, tell them I said hello! :-D  On another note, 1 week till BITH! Woo-Hoo! BITH rock my socks! I can't wait to see them.
1	Oh this made me laugh until I cried!!!   http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/6289011  
1	Okay, so I don't post under Inuendo81 anymore, but it's still my username, and therefore I can claim this as my own.       Your Superhero Persona by   couplandesque        Your Name           Superhero Name    The Scotsman      Super Power    Ghetto Booty      Enemy    The Gangsta      Mode Of Transportation    Mechanical Bull      Weapon    Cheese Cutter             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 2.0  !       Man... that was good.  I get woaded up and fight The Gangsta (and occasionally Aquaman or Benicio Del Toro, because I hate them) with my Ghetto Booty.  I rule.  - J
1	happy 19 months.   i love you and miss you more and more everyday.  can't wait to see you in about a week :)
1	          I laughed myself to death yesterday at work when I saw these photos. Hehheheh...These are tiny versions of what I have. If you want the big versions let me know (then you can see his expression and the Afro girl in the background a lot better).  If you've not yet e-mailed friendsofbarebonescinema@yahoo.com , to tell them you are casting your vote for the poster of my film Let Us Go and Burn Her Body, as the Best Film Poster on their website gallery, PLEASE DO SO NOW! And if you know of anyone you can notify about doing the same, please do! I made you laugh today, so you now owe me a favour...
1	Well, I havent updated in a while. For those of you who dont know already, I GOT A JOB. Im a courtesy clerk (haha bagger) at the Albertsons in Oviedo. I start SAT 5-8:30pm, then I work MON 7-10:30pm, and TUE 6-9 pm. Its not that great of a jopb, but its a job and its Money! lol. That would be all i have for now.
0	Some of my family is in town, its so nice to see them, its been awhile. My uncle and his girlfriend, my grandma and cousin. They all came for my sister's graduation tomorrow.  I'm still trying to get over this virus I have. Been coughing up a storm tonight at work.  I see Chris in the beginning of July, which I'm really excited about. Though I still have thoughts in my head of the fear of losing him =(. Which I hope never happens.
1	I did something good for someone today, and I'm not going to tell them what it was or even that I did it. I'm just going to revel in the joy of giving. Or something.  Blah.  In other news:  I'm in the process of discarding things exisitng physically in meatspace; material possessions cloud the mind. I have decided that I will continue to collect data, however.   At least for the next few years, until things start to get *really* interesting. :)
0	well, I need to get my eyebrows waxed. I just hope that I'm not allergic to it like my mom was. Nicole's having a valentines day party soon. Oh yea today i decided to sleep in because my dad was leaving a 8:00 to go to Savannah. So i slept till about 11:00, then i went to the living room and my DAD was laying on the couch and said "Why are you late for school!" I was sooooo looking forward to having the whole house to myself. But i have said it before and i will say it again......whatever Mark giveth Mark taketh away.
1	I finally got the money to order the extra lenses for my camera!! Now I will be able to use 35mm lenses on my digital camera!! Hooray, hooray! I only got to order a few things, even though I had the money to buy all of them! I will wait to buy the others! College refund checks are so great! Getting them on the same day as payday is even better! Now we just need it to be the fifth to get the big paycheck. Can't win at everything now can you...but we can at least try. Sucks having the money but having to remind yourself you have to save most of it...afterall I have a huge expense coming in just 7 months 3 weeks and 5 days! it already looks as if I have to cut out alot of what we were going to do originally...but having great friends helping you out makes it a little more bearable! I am so excited about it!
1	Hey yall! Guess what? I just made this journal! Isnt that cool! Well tonight was so much fun. I didnt go to the gala megan bryant and I went to ahox, the haunted house place! It was scary! Megan danced with one of the clowns it was so funny. And we made this wax hand with our own hand. we first put our hands in this cold bucket of water for 30 seconds then put our hand in this hot bucket of wax over and over again then we dipped the wax when it was dry in this dye stuff. Mine is purple with yellow lines and it is holding a rose!Yeah! OMG i cant believe Kelly is moving im going to miss her so much! tomorrow is her good-bye party so you better be going!! i dont want her to go!!!! ok yeah well there is nothing else to say but ill write in you tomorrow i love you!
1	I met Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy) yesterday at his official Tom Felton Fan Club Launch at Chelsea Football Club!! I had to get up just before 6am to make it down to London just gone 10!!! It was a fantastic day and I will be adding all details of the day including all of my pics in a few days!!
1	im goin to texas for spring break hell yeh !!! ill be gone for like about a week or sumtin  ill get back with u guys later  peace out
0	Don't know why I feel so depressed in the job tody. Maybe is the paying tax issue. I feel like I don't make enough money and the sucky part is I have to pay tax. This sucks. I need to find a higher paying job. I guess money is my new motivation right now. It keeps make work harder. Since my boss will be on vacation next month and will not be back till March. I will take this opportunity to go through some job interview.
0	You ever wake up one day and want nothing else but to crawl into a hole and die?? For the last week Ive been traped in that depressing hell. I hate it, I hate everything, I want to just...fade out.
0	In June, we posted six panels between four artists.  In July, we had personnel shifts, and no panels.  In August, things got rolling again with five artists and four panels. Then we learned we actually only had four artists.  And here we are in September, three weeks gone by and not one panel.  And these breakdowns always seem to happen after I have posted one of my panels.  So, without analyzing it too much, I'm thinking that my stuff is kinda messing the group up.  With that in mind, I'm thinking I should go, and leave you folks alone. Maybe the group will run smoother without me.  L o L, would rather see things up and running
0	High School Visit was good. Went to wrap it up with Mrs. Howell and Diane. SO AMAZING! My new love is that restaurant. Came back here read a bit, got my haircut. Chopped off 3 inches and got more angles and some layers. Then i went to get my glasses. So weird to wear glasses.  Didn't get to the hospital because dad was having a bad day :(. I hope tomorrow is better since treatment is supposed to be then. I am hoping i don't have to get up at 6 am for it. ugh. Anyhooo time for ice cream.
1	Job prospects seem to be going around.  I mentioned previously that I'd got a job on a fixed term contract, well that finished on the 25th of March. :(  However I've applied for a similar job (on another fixed term contract, but this one is 50 weeks with an option to make it perminant if they like me) in a different department of the civil service and did some literacy/numeracy tests. This morning I got a letter:  "Thank you for taking part in the selection tests... yadda yadda......  We are pleased to invite you to the final stage of the selection process which will be an interview taking place on Tuesday 19th April at.. blah blah blah"  :)
1	I'm a happy little girl right now,   because   kuchiki no tou (with dvd) & natsu no tour arrived! yay!    (da kann ich es auch verkraften, dass die blöde bahn mein passfoto verschlampt hat und ich ihnen ein neues schicken darf und somit immer noch keine 'richtige' bahncard habe. gah.)
1	Just got back from Atlanta... and well, I am quite proud of myself... I did three seperate tournaments... the results...  Standard 1:00pm Tournament: (16 players, 5 rounds Swiss) 5 Wins, 0 Losses, 0 Ties - 1st Place, Prize: 18 Packs  IPod Amatuer Tournament 3 Wins, 2 Losses, 0 Ties - ? Place, Prize: Zilch  2000 Dollar Amatuer Tournament: (98 players, 7 rounds Swiss, cut to top Eight) 5 Wins, 1 Loss, 1 Tie - 8th Place, Prize: 100 Dollars  I could've done better at the 2k tourny... if I would've called a judge over for something... i would've won, and I would've placed higher in the money... at least an extra 100 dollars more... *sighs* oh well... it happens I guess... although next time I won't make the mistake of not calling a judge... since it cost me a hundred freaking dollars! Jeez! Anyway... later ^_^
0	  Im so tired. Must stay awake. I had to go back to Oak Shores today it was so wierd, I saw greg walking his dog ahah. Great stuff. Im a tad pissed right now cus i think a certain someone thinks i like him but i dont and its annoying him and he blocked me and i feel bad cus i dont even know him really and hes already getting bugged by me just think its mean. I DONT LIKE HIM...if you read this you know who you are...................Yeah, nothings changed so im off. Much Love.   
1	all ya'all are the shit. so much fun tonight, i ddint even know how much i missed beer.  for the first time in a long time, for the last month i am missing not missing the past.  i love you all.   i am so glad to have surrounded myself with an amazing group of people that i truly love, weather you know it or not. further, amber, you are really keeping me up this year, without you, i cant imagine how shitty this year could have been.  between class, and clothes being stolen, you have been there for me through it all.  Happy Birthday!!!
1	While down on the creepy first floor of Wilson Library among the periodicals I found these today.  There must be a couple hundred of them dating back to 1950, and I plan on returning to them often.  A splendid find.       
0	Welp, ol' Nebby (aka Nebraska), my Red Beta Fish, died today.  I gave him a burial at sea (aka the Toliet).  On a positive note, Wahoo (The blue one) now has a lot more room... perhaps now he'll actually eat something... (I don't get how Nebraska died and not him.  Nebraska ate all the time, Wahoo never touched the food I put in.  What is he eating? O_o;).
0	I am losing my roommate already.  :(  Anyone need a room in Beaverton?  Cheap Rates, free internet!
0	My grandfather had a heart attack a few weeks ago. Since then, he's been kind of up and down, but now his kidney's have failed and the doctors say he's going to die at any time. My parents and I are leaving to go be with them in a few hours, and we'll probably get there sometime late tonight. I'm not sure when we'll be back. Please pray or wish us luck that we get there in time. I really, really want my mom to be able to see her dad one more time.  Much love to you all.
0	*sigh*  It's nights like this, when I'm cold and tired, that I just wish I had someone to cuddle under a blanket with. Naturally, I do have a certain person in mind, but I just sorta need a warm body right now.  I'm just such a pathetic soul. I...just need some sleep. That's all.
1	I finished my geometry quizzes, I wrote the Sunday School lesson that was loosely based on A Tale of Two Cities for English class (Grr), so after Monday I'm on Spring Break. w00t
0	i'm so stressed out i can't stand it... i just feel like ending it... but would anyone miss me?
1	Tonight was wonderful.  Well during Les Mis im in At the End of the Day and i have a little solo.  And everyone is singing and then it gets to my part and everyone is dead silent when i opened my mouth and they were like talking nonstop before. And people are doing their little parts.  And then Zed was like take it again and she goes at least twice I want everyone to do it like Lauren Kroll is doing it, exactly like her.  OMG Iwas so happy!!!!And i did it again and i was neverous bc everyone was looking at me. And people can up to me and were like wow you r really good at acting, your r really good at singing!!!!OMG finally recognition WOOT
1	that concert was the greatest experience of my life. if that didn't make me orgasm...nothing ever will. it was groove (a bunch of awesome percussion guys), the Friars (coolest a capella thing in the world), and funKtion (cool hip hop dancing guys). and wow. so good. no words. SO GOOD!!!
1	My taxes are completed and mailed! I can't wait to get my $400 refund!
0	With a few words, my heart is torn, from my pain, only sorrow is born...  Finally, behind the lies, my life I can see, dreams collapsed, there is no hope for me...  Words of love, tarnished - lie, all they burn, once love - now gone, forever, ashes to turn...  All those lies, in front of my eye, now flashes, what once were my love, now only remain in ashes...  Tainted ashes of love, only feed the seeds of lie,  blown in the wind, to seek a victim, a heart to die...
0	I came home from Ft. Worth this weekend to find e-mails from Zeppi saying he wanted to break up with me....HELP ME...  I knew I was ugly I knew I was FAT i need to die
1	Well, class returns today and it's raining outside. Yay rain.   Went to Church last night. And I discovered I haven't taken Holy Communion for almost 2 years. I felt so dirty last night. XD And I didn't take Communion on the  Days of Days, where I'm REQUIRED to receive Communion because it's the greatest holiday in the Roman Catholic Church, and not because of some sick lame rodent that eats carrots.   Ah, anyway, gonna go to confession when I can.   And now, to clean dishes and then bath.
1	since it's easter i come with a little update. It's been busy at school. So i haven't had time. I'm sure you're tired of hearing that but it's the truth.           wicked:        nemo:              The Ozbournes:           random:                              hope that you enjoy them and hope that you hav a wonderful easter!!!  
1	 UNSEEN UNHEARD IS TOMORROW!!!   Register for Unseen Unheard conference www.unseenunheard.com for free food & awesome workshops!!! Also, variety show featuring Mango Tribe!!!  Date: Saturday, March 13 Time: Conference 10am-5pm @ the Union       Variety Show 5:30pm @ the Mckinley Foundation  Register ... ok???  p/s if you can't be there the whole time ... at least go for a couple of workshops ... go to www.unseenunheard.com for more info on the workshops & times! 
0	i've just had a really horrible day and i can't be bothered to write about scarlet yet, so there! yeah, so don't threaten me, whiteboy.  i'm sick, sick, SICK of fucking extensions!!! but, what the fuck am i supposed to do instead? my real hair is shoulder length (but different lengths from where it's grown out of a short cut), top half bleached blonde, bottom half is a nasty orangey colour from where the pink dye wouldn't come out, brittle, split ends a plenty.....the biggest mess you've ever seen is my hair, really it is. extensions are stopping anyone from seeing the horror....sigh. any ideas??   and no, i'm not cutting it all off and starting again, so don't even bother suggesting it!
0	i am so incredibly sick of this job. mainly just anita. yep, well she gave jael her cheque on friday, but not me! nope. biAtch! also, didnt say hello to me this morning and was all friendly with jael, makes me so mad! i used to like jael but she is a total suck up to her and shes kind of two faced. i cant wait to find a new job. heaven help me!
1	Well after an incident that happend this morning, I came to a realization that I alone can decide whether to be positive or negative.  I have chosen the former, and going to be positive and not self-degrading.  I have also decided not to keep my intellect and intelligence on a reign, and to correct people when they're wrong, especially at work, regardless of rank.  Now that we have that out of the way, on to the other big news of the day.  STAR WARS TRILOGY WAS RELEASED ON DVD TODAY!! And with a loan from my friend Brandon, yours truly purchased this DVD set.  Let me just say that this is an awesome, awesome DVD collection.  I have only managed to watch A New Hope today, but tomorrow we watch Empire and if the quality is anything like that of A New Hope, we are in for a real treat.  Well boys and girls thats all for today,  peace  elliott
0	For breakfast I ate 1 1/2 small bagels, cut into slices.  One slice had butter and strawberry jam.  One had cream cheese.  One had vegetable cream cheese.  I drank a cup of coffee.  Before I left for work, I ate two chocolate-covered coffee beans. For lunch I ate a turkey sandwich on whole wheat bread with horrible no-fat no-cholesterol Russian dressing.  I drank a Poland Spring water. For dinner I ate some pita chips w/ hummous, some Tostitos w/spinach dip, eggplant cutlets, and some Trader Joe's vegetable melange.  I put parmesean cheese and tomato sauce on the cutlets.  I drank a cup of water.  I wore khaki Sears workpants, a green and white plaid shirt, a Slovakia tshirt I purchased in Slovakia, socks, Sauconys, a black sweatshirt, and my parka.
0	I am not a happy person. I just got back from the diagnostics lab for my fortnightly blood test and they tried to put a junior trainee nurse on me. I did not think so I sat for half an hour waiting for a senior nurse. Now it takes a senior nurse usually 3 / 4 tries to get blood since my veins are so overused,scarred and very thin and tough because of that. So there was no way I was letting a junior nurse get at me with a needle.   Well I think they lied that this woman I had today was a senior nurse because she tried twice in one arm, once in the other (in the elbow joint area) and then twice in both hands and then once in each foot/ankle.  *cries* I'm very unhappy and agitated now. And what makes it worse is they couldn't get any blood after all that. So I have to go back tomorrow. If they cant get blood the conventional needle way then they'll go with a finger prick. milking the blood out of the finger.
0	Wow, I'm having another one of those times where I feel hideously unattractive and hated by all. And that's weird because sometimes I feel drop-dead gorgeous. I don't know which feeling to belive.   Good thing I have pills so I feel okay most of the time and I don't have to think about it lots.
0	I hate sociology so much. Like I'm so lost with this assignment, I'm all stressed out and ready to cry. Also, I'm pretty tired and other contributing womanly factors that I'm already on edge.  On a plus side I bought new shoes. I &lt;3 shoes. I needed to make myself feel better.  &lt;3shoes&lt;3  Edit: okay another plus side...a huge plus side I just found a niel diamond shirt in the back of my clothes that i bought like a long time ago.  "NIEL....i wanna party with you." -jd mcnugent
0	 What happened to me?  I'm depressed again.  I'm writing in this journal b/c I want everyone to have a chance to read this if they feel the need to.  I'm depressed as hell.  I don't know whats been going on.  Could it be my family attacking me?  Could it be my friends attacking me?  Could it be the problems I am having with a certain person in a certain group of people that used to make me very happy?  I just don't get it.  Things making me happy: •Getting close w/ Amber •Getting close w/ Sarah •Getting close w/ Jenn •Getting close w/ Justin •Getting close w/ Kimmy •Kutz in 20 days •No Tamarack this year •TEMTY hosting Leadership Kallah  The list should be bigger.  I hate being upset.  I wish I was happy.       This weekend should and will be great no matter what happens.  I'm gonna make it great.  Fuck life. 
1	  You have an entrancing kiss~ the kind that leaves your partner bedazzled and maybe even feeling he/she is dreaming.  Quite effective; the kiss that never lessens and always blows your partner away like the first time.      What kind of kiss are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla    Yea, go me. See this guys? I rock!
0	You might be aware of the maggi noodles joke that is around for a while. Well, if you are not, here it goes...  Put the maggi noodles as soon as Ganguly goes for batting and remove the noodles after   he gets out. Today we experimented it. I hoped that the experiment will fail, but it WORKED. Its so sad that Indian Cricket Captain is becoming source of such bad jokes.
1	Its so nice and rainy outside right now, its pouring more than ive seen in a while.  I love days like this.  Time for some guitar...peace
0	So I try very hard to be there for people who need me, etc.  So why can't I do jack shit for the people who matter the most?  It's rather irritating, to say the least.  ~Skola
1	I'd lost my Alexander fic, but thanks to Linds taking me into the work room, despite my protests that it wouldn't be there...  But it was!!!!    Proskynesis  is now up for your view pleasure on TI.  Alexander/Hephaestion (naturally!), R/NC-17.  In other news, I've finished my Lupercalia fic.  Why was I worried about that one??  Thanks for the encouragement Claire!  Now, off to write the first part of my French oral on homosexuality!  Fun! 
1	Hey everybody, yeah its been a while... so what?!? LOOK AT MY MOOD ... for once in a long ass time i can truely say im HAPPY... *sighs* you know what you did! lol well i hear everybody is guna roll @ zach's house... hope yall have fun!, yall are cummin to see me later! lol  ya know its kinda funny that i dont miss that at all, i mean *ME* personally i dont see any point in it anymore... i mean why should i spend my $20 on sumthin that makes me go "whoa" for a couple hours... i dno, i guess this wuz jus a big wake up call for me, but honestly.. i dont even want it anymore, its wierd i guess.. or maybe im just growing up ang getting a grip on reality.. well i've got to go fix my room... Love yall!!... love you baby! ~*~Tish~*~
0	  I feel absolutely horrible right now!!! x_x and I can't even talk right now my throat is so sore. I hate being sick all the time! ::falls over and dies:: x_x 
1	Woot Justin and I are going to Vegas!!!!!!!!!  Happy 21 Weirdo!!! Luv U! HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeH! =-D
1	Last night was fun--got to see a REALLY scary movie..or i thought it was? ha yeah and thennn Julia and i finally found the PERFECT house for spring break! sooo exciting its sooo pretty! plus its warm in Florida where we are going so ists perfect! im soo glad its the weekend but i have so much school work to do its insane--that IP paper is really stressing me out :-(--but im off to the y ---have a great weekend!! So much to look forward to-skiing spring break and summer!! ahh love yall!!   ~
0	One of my favorite wrestlers, John "Quake" Tenta has been diagnosed with Cancer.  He announced it on the Wrestlecrap message board.  I urge any John Tenta fan who reads this to go to the forum and post a "Get Well" message.
0	   Hmmm... guys y do they have to be so damn hard, y cant they just like agree with everythign you say and y do the ones that u actually like have to be sooo far away most of the time....it's hard to deal with idk what to do and ugh....its just hard b/c u ever hardly get to see them, barely get to talk to them ( now a days) it just down right sucks!! well talk to ya'll later    
1	All right.  Well today, I hung out with Tasha, David, Nathan (of course), Chad, Ashley, Cherina, and Tiffani.  It was fucking awesome.  I started out at the oark. I was there from 12 to 3. Then I went back to my grandma's and ate lunch.  Then I went back to the park.  Chad and Nathan had finally showed up.  We hung out ther till like 4:30 then we headed over to my house.  After getting stuff at Safeway of course.  Well we were bouncing on the trampoline for a while, then me and Nathan went back into the house.  At 6:00 I called Cherina.  SHe and Ashley and Tiffani came over.  It was fun.  At about 7 we dropped off Tiffani then they dropped me off at my grandma's.  Then as I was running to the house Nathan whistked at me.  I smiled.    Tomorrow, I'm planning on hanging out with them again.  It should be awesome.  I'm gonna go now.  I'll talk to you guys later.  I love you all!!  Luv Always, Cathy
1	this summer is going to be INCREDIBLE! april 24- cait's bday! april 26- my bday! april 29- END OF SEMESTER! may 1- kickin it with the jmu kiddies for the day may 16- david bowie in dc with josh may 17- archaeological field school begins may 22- the cure in dc with dell and hopefully josh june 11-13- bonnaroo with josh and caitlin's going too! june 14- summer session 2 begins july 8- HOME! and working at the lovely art museum and seeing my favorite kid, savannah!  and at some point in there camping/hiking with caitlin and the beach with my family:)  SCORE!!!!!     i am now very very poor...
1	In the last couple weeks I moved home to live with my parents.  I am very happy here.  Pictures of my newly painting room once I get everything put away.  For the moment, here are pictures of Snoopy and I, edited to my satisfaction.              this one I didn't edit...     
1	Ok, after careful thought and consideration I have decided I'm going to the Ball after all. It seems silly not to go, and also my mum bribed me by sending me this          If there's anybody still looking for a partner and wants to go with me then please feel free to ask, otherwise I intend to go stag and have a great time.
1	   I don't wanna freak anyone out but  HOLY CRAP! TWO PLAYER CO-OP WITH COUSINS!!   There's  lots  of new screens at  THIS LINK  but it's in Japanese and I can't read it at all. But it's Katamari and all you really need is to see all the new stuff!! 
1	a heads up for my LJ pals in indiana and michigan...some severe thunderstorms are headed your way!...there was a severe thunderstorm warning in my area earlier this evening and the wind was really howling...lightening struck a big oil tank about 15 miles south of here and set it on fire...they have a tank farm with giant oil tanks down there so it's a pretty big deal when one of them catches fire...no major damage from the storm here in town that i know of...i'm standing by on the storm watch tonight...the tornado watch we had earlier is over...it's been replaced by a severe thunderstorm watch until 3am cst.
0	If you know someone in Virginia, you might want to point them  here .
1	My weekend in a nutshell:  Friday...class, went to Pioneer to listen to Drew and some boys play, went to the Cotter residence in Minnetonka, went out to eat at Macaroni Grill, and stayed over at Pioneer.  Saturday...got home sometime that morning and literally sat on my ass all day, later that night Bri and I just had a couple drinks and talked about boys, some other boys came over for a bit, and I went to bed pretty early for a Saturday.  Today...went to Easter brunch which was fantastic, watched Kentucky lose, went to Uncommon Grounds with Kristina and Sarah, got lost in Cedar-Riverside with Sarah (she literally started to pull in to the crackstacks.  hahahahahahahahaha).  It was a good solid weekend, if I do say so myself.  Fun times.  And uh, tomorrow...going to class, studying with Sonnary in between lecture, and perhaps hanging out with Sarah Ann after my classes are done.    So that's that.
0	dreamt about Tom last night. don't remember much except that it wasn't good. I remember being on the phone with him (in the dream, not IRL). I also believe we were together in person at one point. and all I can recall, my only impression from the dream, is that he was being cruel to me. I think in the things he was saying. I don't remember any of our conversations or any events from the dream either, except that he called me in it and we were on the phone for a while. And I woke up feeling sad and lonely.
0	I hate Physics.... I hate getting up in the morning for Physics...
1	mannnnn i need some attention........WOOHOO!!!! back to schoooooooool!! ahhhh! I'm outa here Kari
1	yay! i think things are finally starting to move along quite nicely.  finally!
1	Well, hello.  First blog entry...ever!!!(You should see my un-online blog...it's the reason I don't ever get any work done.)  So, I know my jounal's layout looks like crap right now...will fix it in the future, I promise!!! As for now, I'm glad to be part of the livejournal community.  Cheers Queers!!!  P.S. I'm straight. I just love QEftSG
0	Ryan's dog Rosco is getting put down today. :`( He has some kind of cancer (I'm not sure). It's so sad. He's such a cute big dog. So harmless and friendly!! Like a BFG (big friendly giant). Ryan might have two other dogs, but Rosco is my favouriteee. :( He's had it for awhile, but he's gotten worse so he's going to the vet today. It's good that he was able to make it through Christmas and the New Yr, at least. 
1	Daily extended (by Astrology.com) If you've been seeing someone recently, and were just starting to feel the passion between you growing, you'd better buckle up and put your table-tray in the upright position. You won't believe how quickly those emotions will pick up speed now. In fact, you should probably cancel any and all plans that involve public places or groups of more than just two -- you and that special someone. Investigate this immediately.  FOR THE FIRST TIME I THINK I BELIEVE IN ASTROLOGY I hope its true :-D  Later
1	Update!  I will definately be soloing at our Spring Concerts.  The song I have a solo in is "Ain't it Good?" from Children of Eden (Miker I thought of you when we first got this song!) Anyways, please come out and see Voices Rising if you can.  All of the shows should be really good and I would love to see you guys there.  Thanks! :)
1	::giggles maniacally::  The first chapter of the story       msgordo    and I are writing together is almost done. I am having such fun with this fic.
1	It's official.  According to CNN.com,  the new "Harry Potter" is done, and due out on July 16 .  *gryn*  --Squeegee  "w00t!!"
1	    A VERY VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO         miraminx     !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       MANY MANY WISHES FOR A WONDERFUL DAY!!!      And thank you very much for your great stories :-)       &nbsp;     Kisses and Love and Hugs :-)  
1	It's snowing!  I love snow and it is sticking, and everything is all white!  Yay
1	oh wow *wets knickers in excitement for HBP*  ~emmy~
0	i'm back. 2 days was a long time.  i found this online ouija board and it said that graham is breaking up with me because he loves me.. what type of shit is that? then it said some ERICA girl is going to ask me out. hmm.  this weekend blowed. hope school is better.
1	Come to my InuYasha RPG community. All parts excluding Sango are open so come and join!       rpginuyasha   
1	do this If you read this, even if I don't speak to you often, you must post a memory of me. It can be anything you want, it can be good or bad, just so long as it happened. Then post this to your journal to see what people remember about you.
0	im really dissapointed with my school work lately. i find myself never wanting to go to class. its getting really weird i feel like i'm burning myself out on school. its probably because of the 1million plus classes i'm taking. and besides tv, school is all i have. i really want whataburger right now it is so gay. charlie is at work as usual and i have to go to my tv production class which is beyond gay because there is this horrible person who hogs everything up
1	 Big Summer Classic 2005  Sun July 17 Blossom Music Center Cuyahoga Falls Cleveland, OH  The traveling festival features headliners  The String Cheese Incident  plus touring heavyweights  Keller Williams ,  Michael Franti & Spearhead ,  Yonder Mountain String Band ,  Umphrey's McGee  and  New Monsoon .  tickets go on sale 4/20.
1	SMELLIES!  I just got my order yay yay yay!  10ml Geburah 5ml the Living Flame 11 imps! (I ordered 6): Malkuth, Kether, Tiphareth, Lady of Shallot, Thunderbird, Nocnitsa, Tenochtitlan, Mata Hari. Silk Road, Vinland, andDarkness.  Sweeeet!
1	  Yuuuuuuus a passed for ma computing! Twas wierd coz me and caitsie got the exact same amrks for both of them! So me going to the dentist soon.. A got a flower the day! Was soo sweet! Kirsty got one to but she gave it to sumone else. A hink it was supposed to b white, but tis gone all blue...O wellies. So tonight a hink a've to fone jilly poo and c if were going to do sumthin...hmm'z *woudners*&nbsp; O! a nearly got ma scanner fixed for all them pics! *smilez*      O well...a betta dash and get ready..&lt;3      xxx      O and a made this wee random pic....I was bored! *rollz eyes*       
1	wowy wow wow!  i love brandon sooooooooooooooooooooo much i cant wait till i can marry him!!! i love him to death!
1	They ran the St. Petersburg Grand Prix, an Indy Car series, yesterday in downtown St. Petersburg along some of the streets I ride my bike on.  They really couldn't have asked for a nicer day for it.    I watched the race from the roof of a parking garage next to the route and took tons of photos and videotaped most of the race because I've been getting into the video editing thing on my Mac.  I'll be posting some of that on my personal web page, but it will be a day or two since today is the home opener for the Devil Rays and we're going.  UPDATE:   Photos from the Grand Prix 
0	It just hit full again. Talking about money. I feel so helpless right now.  I got "married" into a huge debt and I can't get out. But I can't leave the person.....because I love him so much.  I don't know what to do :(
0	I received a phone call from Ian a few minutes ago to tell me that Dad had just died. He died peacefully in his sleep and both Mum and Ian were with him. That means that I'll probably be flying off to England sometime in the next 24 hours but it is too early in the morning here to talk to any one yet, either to book flights or to reorganise the commitments which I have over the next couple of weeks. It may be a little while until I have time to write anything on LJ but I will post an entry when I can.
1	Hewo!^^ I like feet... alot... kinda...too much.. :P       I'm also a furry, and just wanted to say hi to all^^      I also got pics of my own feet, but dont know how to post them or if anyone wants to see em, so.. tum dee dum.      --midnite ;p 
1	I just realized that my new office stocks Fresca in the employee fridge.   Best. Soda. Ever.
0	During dinner tonight,       shodoshan    mentions that she wants to see the pic of me doing "I'm a little teapot" from my birthday at faire last year.  So here it is for her, now as one of my icons.  Not that I will always be able to accomodate requests for pics... but I guess it doesn't hurt to ask.    On a different note.......  Next week marks one year.  I still miss her, I still think of her often, and it still hurts.   I made a promise to not go down the road of the "What If's....", and so far so good.     Sorry I haven't posted anything in the last 2 months, I just haven't felt like it.  Maybe soon I will start doing it more.
1	Wheeeeeeee I'm so excited today is our Two Year Anniversary!!!  Can you believe it's already been two years?  Two wonderfully perfect years!!!  I am so happy and just wanted everyone to know :-)
1	Well, dispite the family issues i had earlier then the day of my birthday, i had a good one none the less.  Went drink with alot of my friends, even loki visited :)  was very nice.  Got uber drunk, didnt spend a pennie, and was enjoying every minute of it ^^  Now i can bar hop, and try to discover what i like and dislike.  Sex on the beach and jolly rancher both taste good, i appreciate that, and kamakazze remains true to its name.  Minderaser is exactly that, and the long island ice tea taste like tea without any in it : \  very mysterious indeed.  Wish the happy days for all, im 21 now so god knows what trouble ill get in with furs now that i can get drunk.  Be well and enjoy the warm weather to come my fellow east coast furrians and the like.
1	kara and brenna went to go visit vicky so id ont have much to do hah    I got my prom dress its light green and pretty  Im goin with Jon Cronin wooo         I dont want to go to the prom really just the after partyy wooo
1	sorry to all that i was so quite this last wekk, but i was in stress and stuff and blah  but now, now, now .... something very very happy i have to announce:     TODAY IS FLYDAY!!! TODAY IS FLYDAY!!! TODAY IS FLYDAY!!! TODAY IS FLYDAY!!!     yes, yes in less then 12 hours i will sit in the plane in will be already over the clouds!  *bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce*boun ce*bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce* *bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce*boun ce*bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce* *bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce*boun ce*bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce* *bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce*boun ce*bounce*bounce*bounce*bounce*  after all the crap which happened this last week, i am finally happy again!!  i will write a longer update once i am back  home  and settled down again - hehe or say it with other words - once me and Josh had a bit time for us ;-)   countdown section: - 11.45 hours til depature
0	Our friendship will never be the same. it has be changed forever, and to my dismay, it is irreversible.  you may not relize it, but i know you think i am infirior to yourself.  elitism runs in your family, i can see it in their eyes.  you screwed my over, and i can't get over it.    I got to colour today.  I coloured a mulan picture for jackie, thanks to leanne's coloured pencils..  today has been too stressful for me to deal with it.   
0	Hey Babyluv,      not much happening on this end... just got called the "F" word by this guy i  like and was tryin to mack on.....FRIEND     backin off now
0	i need to re-apply with a co-signer (daaaaaad) because i don't have enough credit to qualify for the loan myself. laaame, how am i supposed to build credit if creit/loan places always say taht i don't have enough credit? well... hopefully the loan will get approved with my dad on it and i'll build something like credit from that, but still. more waiting when i was thinking i would get a decision today.
0	Omg I can't believe the season finale is next week!!! I'm soo upset. I can't believe this season is ending already, it seems like it just started. And I know Tuesday is gonna come really fast too. I wonder what will happen w/ Landon and Shavonda, like if they'll decide to become a couple or what. Well I'll post again after the finale i suppose.
1	Justin got his top braces off today! Yay! I think that I am more excited than he is. LOL. anyway...today is like his "birthday" because he gets to pick what we do today. We went to DQ to see Kate and then went to the mall where Justin got a Coheed and Cambria sweatshirt! Yay! anyway... we are going to dinner tonight to celebrate his "birthday" and braces off day! So...Im going to go now...  *grins*  ~Bec~
0	ahh...okay today i had yet another disney marathon [hahahaha].....and although that should have made me happy..and childlike....i juss feel depressed....im never going to find my prince am i...hahaha i know this sounds increadibly stupid and sooooo cliche...but i juss cant help but feel this way....oh well...im juss gonna go sulk and wonder some more.....stupid happy disney characters
1	at moogz...havent updated this journla is FOREVER....but its only cuz my comptuer loves to be mean to me and wont turn on so no computer usage for me for awhile til i upgrade the insides. these days are passin by way to quickly but i guess its just cuz i have shit to do now but its been awesome!! well im done lol....i miss u guys that i havent seen in forever....latr - Dee
1	This week has been pretty good so far.  I'm actually  working  at work and really getting stuff done.  I still hate getting up in the morning to go to work, but it's no so bad once I'm here.  I'm getting really psyched for Vegas ( THREE MORE DAYS! ) and I can't wait to get there.  Things are excellent at home with Mike and we're looking forward to baseball season.  The weather is wonderful here in Chicago--warm and sunny--and everything is coming up Milhouse.  Happy posts like this aren't as amusing as funny or cynical ones.  That's why I don't make many of these.
1	The text of this spam was so funny...      Increase your CUM VOLUME, and Orgasm Length  main benifits:  - The longest most intense Orgasms of your life  - Erctions like steel  - lncreased libido/desire  - Stronger ejaculaton (watch where your aiming)  - Multiple 0rgasms  - Up to 5OO% more volume (cover her in it if you want)  - Studies show it tastes sweeter     Studies? :P          I have invented an effeminity test, for men.             &nbsp;Make a list of all the hygine products you own.          Write next to each, how many times a week you use it.          Sum these. Call this A.          Count the number of bottles, packages, etc. in your mother/sister/girlfriend/wife's bathroom. Call this B.          Without looking, name as many as you can. Call this number C.          Do the calculation (C/B)*A    This will give you a score, the higher it is, the more effeminite you are.          
1	Many snugs and hugs go out to       colifox    and       ysengrin   , I hope that both of you have a wonderful day.
0	today = one of the worst days of my life.....   I don't really want to get into details but it's been fucking shit.  no joke.    my tummy hurts now too...
1	  You are Pope Bl. John XXIII. Everybody loves you.      Which Twentieth Century Pope Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	Thank you for always being there, To listen and understand me. I appreciate all you did for me, And all you still do.  Thank you for making me feel whole again, For putting my pieces back together. I appreciate you putting my life back together, You saved my life.  You may not understand, Why I do what I do. But you never criticized, You just helped my through.  I knew I could come to you when I was down, 'cause I knew you'd always be there to pick me back up and say everything will be ok.
1	I was walking around last night thinking "It's nice to be back here" in a sort of generic way, just enjoying the way the snow looks and feeling comfortable in this place.  But I just got a call from Adam Kander, who's going to be back in Oberlin in a few hours, and now I really remember why I'm glad to be back here.
0	 Pope John Paul II dies in Vatican    View this post on my blog   
0	i hate moving!!!  i haven't packed shit and i leave on sunday
0	I'm saddened by the news about Peter Jennings having cancer.  He is my favorite anchor man.  He has such an elegance about him, and a sincere, soft-spoken way of delivering the news.  Peter, I wish you the best!
0	Here He Here HE:  I---L-Boogie will not take advice about relationships from people. I spoke to The Kid last night and we got into a huge fight. He screamed at me. Why cause he misunderstood what I was trying to say.   Why did he misunderstood cause I listen to friends that told me I should open up to him more and tell him what's going on with me.  WELL I DID PEOPLE AND HE TOOK AS I WAS TELLING HIM HE WAS ONE OF MY PROBLEMS.  So there--------I opened up when I knew in my heart I shouldn't. Now I am mad at him and he is mad at me.  So I will take no more advice. I will go with my gut feelings even if it means I won't open up.  I miss him.......I don't like being mad at him.  AND HE SCREAMED AT ME!!!!!  LIKE I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH PROBLEMS.....  God if you are listening--------------make him call me tonight. LOL--:) :)
1	Even though I have a wonderful, cute, sweet valentine that I'm going on a date with tonight, I could NEVER forget the sweet love of my soul and the real love of my life:     NATALIE KATHERINE STEPHENS!     I love you more than anything, darlin'. I hope you feel better, call me when you wake up!  Happy Valentines Day, or Happy Singles Awareness Day. For any of you that are pissed because its Valentines Day, I was feeling the same way about 3 days ago. But you never know what's gonna happen. Can't wait for tonight!
1	After an insane schedule of 7 interviews in 2 weeks, (inculding 2 in the same day) I finally got a job!  I start Monday.  Yippee!  This is actually the second job offer I got from all these interviews, but I wasn't interested in the first offer, especially since the pay was way too low.  So I held out, and got another offer a mere 3 days later!  :)
1	Great new piece of fan art by Victoria "Alejkhan" Rehfeld Smith of   JUMP  . (great comic) Here it is:  Alejkhan   More art Pinky TA  by Noelle Dreves of the SciFi spectacular  The Ballad Maker .
0	i suck. i'm 46. the 45.5 was cos i was dehydrated and last night i binged so bad on barely sugar and this morning i was only just 46. i really wanted to be 43 or even 44 by sunday. i suck. the weight just doesn't come off as easily as it used to and i have no self control anymore.
1	So, yeah, Yahoo is giving away certificates for one scoop of ice cream at Baskin Robbins today.  Go  here  if you want to get your certificate.  Mmm, ice cream!
0	mr pustay got mad at me because i wasn't paying attention so he made me move and asked me why i wanted to fail so i said that i didnt because i dont and he asked me something else that i cant remember. we are palying pe in basketball which sucks because i hate basketball. bethany is more than likely never gonna talk to me again and my nose is running alot. i forgot to get a book from the library. i dont feel very good. maybe i can just stayhome tonight instead of going to violin and whatever comes after violin because i just wanna stay in my room and die.
1	  You are Xuan Wu!  Mythological background: Because the turtle has a thick, solid shell that serves as protection -  this animal is associated with stability. You enjoy intellectual pursuits.  Also, in Feng Shui (the Chinese myths behind choosing a house), the black turtle's solidity is used to protect from cold northern winds.      Which Chinese Mythological  Being  Are You?      brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	it hasn't gotten any better for me. I guess it just doesn't get better. I want my jimbo back.     fuck
1	tomarrow is my birthday.. this has been a good week  i love not sweating the small stuff... and ive already started getting presents... eeeeeee  i cant wait ... i have homework ... EAT A DICK
1	   Happy Birfday Jilly!   *cake*    Here's a  wallpaper  gift for you. 
0	it feels so early, but it's 9:08.  i remember when that used to not to really be all that early.  but now it's painfully early.  i don't want to go to class, but i guess the fact that i am awake and showered should be a reason to go.  and the fact that i skipped just about every single one of my classes last week.  this college things is..  well you know how i feel about it.  he hasn't called in 3 days.. gah.
0	yay, health.  it's weird, whenever i get that abdominal thing i have (tho actually it was something else which knocked me out this time but the point remains), every hour i spend in bed i think "right, *this* time when i'm well, i'll get round to doing stuff. this time i'll spend every healthy hour being productive, justifying my existence"   but almost every time, with few exceptions i don't. even if it's not related to my course (which i could forgive) and just a general promise to do something creative..  i think i take *far* too much for granted.
0	This blows. I just got my "Dear Jane" letter from U of M Ann Arbor. I didn't get in. I knew I wasn't going to get in, but I am crying now because I wanted it so badly. I don't know where the fuck I'm going. Fuck.
1	Ok so in 41 hours I will be officially on holidays!!!!  Now all I gotta do is get all this cramming done in time to pass my exams.  So if you are looking for me I will be living at the library tomorrow, trying desperately to learn about trans-dominant negative mutants of HIV proteins, ribozymes, intrakines, and all that painfully fun stuff.  If only someone could write my exam for me...hmmmmmmm  Oh well, see you at Ogrady's at 5:15pm on Friday, I'll be the drunk chick handing out free drink tickets :P
1	Found this interesting little bit of info today. Inu-Yasha season one will be released as a box set in September.  http://www.rightstuf.com/1-800-338-6 827/catalogmgr/VroJztO39NE7FBKQFy/browse/i tem/63369/4/0/0  How cool is that!
0	I am so lost without him.  I can't stop crying....    I can't sleep....  I miss him so much.  I keep asking out loud to no one to bring him back to me.  Or calling out to him to come home to me, but he hasn't.  I love him so much, and he's gone now, he's no where.  I'v looked and looked and con not find him....  I searched again this morning, and I feel as if he is gone.  I have such sadness filling me, I have murdered my best friend.  I will never feel his love again...  He is dead...  I have killed him.  I know it.
1	Last day without Natalia! I'm so excited!  Kid's listening to Wumpscut. I thought it was the speed and everything of the music he was getting all excited about, but I guess he just really likes  Icon of Coil . Not really doing anything now. Huh.  I'm so freakin' excited about this weekend. It's going to be awesome! Whoo!  Had another nosebleed this morning. My job stability is getting rockier. Not anything to do directly with me, just the facility and it's policies. Today is going to be the day we lose a lot of referring physicians. Nice. Everything else is good, though.  That's it for now.
1	wow. i cant believe this month is almost over already, its almost gonna be 5 months till i grow up. yesssssssssss  i love life.
0	too many goodbyes lately. It seems like each one takes another little piece of my own self, leaving only the hard work of finding the new person. This must be very hard for the very old, as one by one, they leave you behind, just as it is very hard for the young, as you realize the loss. To all who are sad now, my heart goes out to you.
1	All is good in the world of Mr Matthew, have an interview for the NHS job on 21st feb, good day at work today off out for my mates 18th, at work at 7am tmw tho bit worrying, thats only 9 hrs away hehe, oh well only young once! Hannah is down this weekend meetin her out tmw night, much excitement in the world! Peace.
1	I have tickets to see RoTK on the 21st. Woohoo. I was sure I'd have to wait at least until the end of the year to see it. Very excited.   Independence day party on Saturday was great. I just have to say one thing: high heels and six glasses of red wine, not a good combination for me. I'm not used to wearing high heels, I'm tall enough without them. So, bruised and swollen ankle is kind of uncomfortable, I bet I'll still be limping a week from now. Still, it's not broken and prescription painkillers make everything seem warm and fuzzy.   The Mom just informed me that my grandmother is not going to spend Christmas at our house this year.  I kind of feel bad saying that this makes me incredibly happy. She's not a very nice woman, makes Tony Soprano's mother seem like a sweet angel. It always pains me to see how she treats my mom, she is like the mother-in-law from hell. Anyway, for the first time in five years, Christmas is going to be a little less stressful. I'm relieved.
1	buit its so worth it...   its all about the slap.... 
0	i am pretty darn stoned. just had a j out the back. very enjoyable experience, i recommend it to everyone. well anyway, i'm watching tv now, and short change is on.. that oatis (the insane afro-caribbean guy) presenter just went:  otis: hello i'm yesirree bob from maryland, where they make cookies...  and i laughed and i llaughed and i laughed. what a funny fucking guy! noo reaally, this guy Must have his own show where he dresses up as stupid people and says things. it would be so funny. right thats another comedy show i've thought up. there are so many now. shoud write them all down soon. could have been one of the best nights in history, but..  I stare at these four walls and I am dead, I'm mummified with "Gun Of Fear", And you know I don't know how to steer.   oh well, at least i only get stronger.
1	My very first entry... I'm so proud. That's all I have to say.
0	I was napping when the baby was born. I kept my phones near the bed in case Brendan called, but somehow I unwittingly turned off my cellphone. As a result I missed Brendan's call and didn't hear the news until a couple hours later. I'm so disappointed!  Oh well. Hopefully Brendan will be up to talking tomorrow.
1	Today has been great especially since no school! wohoo!  My dad's best friend, Pete, from Pennslyvania is down. He is the funniest guy I know!! We were playing Huggermugger (a vocab game-which stunk for me haha) and my dad had his annoying Celtic music on. erin: you might like this music haha. Then, Pete started mimicking the music behind my dad's back by like putting his arms in the air just like a leprocan would dance. It was soo funnie!! I could not stop laughing. Any way..  Today I woke up and watched LOTRings 3 with Pete, he hadn't seen it-WHOA! Anyways that was fun. Then I was cleaning and cooking getting ready for big turkey day manana!  Austin and Dave are coming home tonight. Austin is bringing 3 guy friends home with him. Its great to have big brothers..*wink wink*..jk.  Anyhoo i'm excited about Thanksgiving.
1	Go see Reuben's Accomplice, the Format unplugged, and half of Jimmy Eat World totally wail with 2 good friends.  Then go get spinach cheese dip at TGIF's way past your bed time.  Maybe I'm a cheap date, but heck, that's happiness to me!
0	           Insanity Test          Username         Age          Your problem is      Multiple Personalities        Will you ever be cured?     (8)  -  Outlook good.   - (8)     Just how crazy are you? -  80%                                                                                    This   quiz   by   insanitydefense   - Taken 512817 Times.          New - Kwiz.Biz  Astrology and Horoscopes         
1	oh man i got the best christmas present from my aunt donna the other day. it was like 7 pounds of smoked salmon! yummy!
1	I STOLE THIS FROM TRISTEN....I LOVE THE SIMS.....THE SIMS 2 COME OUT SEPT. 17!!!        Hunger     Comfort     Hygiene       Energy     Fun     Social       Bladder     Room     interest in anything            Reach for the lasers with  Antic's Sims-ulator !    
1	I GOT MY CAR!! :)  Thats all the news I have for now, but its big news, and I'm so excited! I drove it home from the dealership and its just so amazing! Now I have to wait 11 days to get my license, but minor details! :)
1	 Birthy Happday       rach74   !!   I usually miss these, but by some fluke I caught this one. Have a spectacular day Rach! =D
1	Ok, i had the best night last night. Now i have my first bf. Hes awesome, he has a grate personality and i feel like he totally understands me, hes also  really cute ^_^. All around hes a great guy.Oh and Thanx for last night, it was a real slice.
1	I took the plunge and got a paid account! Yay! Does anyone know what this entitles me to- other than 15 icons instead of three, I know about that (my main reason for shellin' out the five bucks.) Yayyyyy now I need photoshop or something cool so I have have some bitchin' icons, yo. I already have four! (three of which are disney). Yaaaaaaaay. How do I make personalized mood icon things?? You know when people have them form movies?? Ok, help me of you can!
1	New member here, and new to the Naruto fandom in general(I have never gone through this many episodes/chapters in such a short time &gt;_&gt;). I was very happy to find this community since this is my favorite pairing, and it was the Haku stuff that really got me into series.  Anyways, I just wanted to mention that I just finished watching Episode 125, and Zabuza-san is in the preview for the next episode! I think Haku was next to him. Don't you love filler? ^^
1	I saw Robots last night with Kat. It was awesome. I liked it a lot and have decided that Wonderbot is my favorite. It was a good movie and the one song was great. It is the first animated movie since Ice Age I would like to buy when it comes out. Keep in mind that I never did buy Ice Age, Sean had it and Kat has it. Maybe this one I will actually buy. Oh, and Mel Brooks as Mr. Bigweld was an excellent choice.
0	Tonight I am reminded that I am a murderer!  An hour ago, while driving through the dense fog and the thick night, I hit a raccoon.  He died.  I feel absolutely terrible, no doubt about it!  This guilt will be with me for awhile.  I turned around on the road to see if he was definitely dead.  Sure enough, he was!  I used my window scraper to push the little guy to the side of the road and tossed a little snow and dirt over him.  At least no one else will run over him.  That would be such disrespect.  I am in such shock.  I have never hit a living thing with my car before.  RIP raccoon.  I am truly sorry!  My day started out good when I went to court and my $100 fine for having an expired license was waived.  I had a high all afternoon, and now, I am just another murderer.
0	Its comforting when at certain times, you can look around at who you are with and realize that the best times are when you're with those people.. time and time again. You feel like when the world turns the opposite way, you've still got the same place to let loose and have fun. Maybe that's why a group of guys don't get all wrapped up in ridiculous fights, and don't take things too personal. No talk about new clothes and painted nails. Just good talk about cars, beer, sports, and all other things worth mentioning. Just go and think. No stupid complications, no wasted times, no worries. Its just all so simple. Man, I was a fool. All that time, and I never really decided what was what. And yet, I spoke of the different ways all the time. Happy that I found what I was looking for? Not really. I did have it before, but now I realize its one or the other.
1	Changed the layout once again. Feeling colorful.  Happy.  Colorful.  Itchy.  Tasty.  ^_^  I watched  Silence of the Lambs  last week.  Not very scary, but suspensful.  Well, I was kind of scared about what Lecter was going to do whenever he was talking with the detective/main girl.  I don't remember her name.  :(  Heh, heh, I found a check for $200 in my dresser a few weeks ago, so I went shopping yesterday.  I bought a skirt and I'm wearing it today.  It's RAINING.  It's not supposed to rain!!!!111!!!!1one!!1!!  Oh well, that's okay.  It's going to stop soon.  ^^
0	I feel like everything i have thought i had in the past year never even existed. It was all just in my head, and i was stupid enough to think that it was more then nothing,and i just made it worse by trying  to keep what i thought i had, and now i wish i wasnt so niave. And that I could see who people really where, and not what they want me to think they are. I just want to be with someone who is real, and likes to look at the stars.  -Kelly
1	Lots and lots of saturn.  Yahoo doesn't allow remote linking, and I have a yahoo site where they're all uploaded, so I guess just visit there. Let me know what one you took either by commenting here, emailing me or signing my guestbook, and if you like give me credit. Also, I do take requests, so request away.   Sailor Moon Icons. 
1	am going to see movie tonight. may see hat boy. mmm.      mr. savage showed us a very cool line today:  Ponto nox incubat atra.  say it out loud.  PON-TO NOX IN-cu-bat AT-RA  gloomy night broods over the ocean.
1	I did it...I got my belly button periced...and it looks awesome!
1	Obviously someone does read this thing...its amazing! Someone also cares about Jonny a whole lot too...and me...so it appears. I don't know if Jonny reads this journal or not, but if he does, this is to him.   You made every second of the 4 months that i had to put up with you as a roomate fucking horrible. I have never met anyone who can make me as angry as you did. I truely hate you with everything I have. It's wierd that you are the only person who has ever made me feel this much hate, yet you are such a good little christian boy. You love being helped when you are in need, but when others are in need when you can help them...you would rather not. Doesn't sound like much of a christian. I hope you die a slow painfull death...along with your little sidekick fags that keep posting shit in my journal...fuck you all...your words mean nothing to me...but nontheless...I fucking hate you. DiE  (Damnit Josh...why did you let the little fag move in with me?)
1	YAY DAVID BOWIE!   P.S.                You Are Catwoman  "Life's a bitch. Now so am I."    What Superheroine Are You?        Find the Love of Your Life  (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance.          
1	They painted the outside of our house.  It's  really  bright:            The photos were kind of washed out, so I had to Photoshop them a bit.  Even so, the house doesn't look as bright on my screen as it does in real life.  Make no mistake -- this house is  really  bright.  It's awesome!  I met a few neighbors today, and even they seemed to like it.
1	so... i'm bored, and i dunno what to do exactly... it's almost midnight and i am purely bored off of my ass and i have no one to talk to me. i'm in a good mood though... delay tomarrow !!! wooo!!! exciting exciting! *dances* ^_^  natalie is determined to listen to dukes heart with a stethoscope... its quite interesting to watch lol.   most likely be at school tomarrow... unless its really bad again, then F*ck that. ill stay home again. its not worth me dieing from the cold to go to school.  i'll see everyone tomarrow! Im back! and i feel like myself for once, and that feels so good!
1	Ahh. Tomorrow...will be interesting. Im nervous. Meeting someone youve never seen in person is weird. I hope we get along in person like we do on the phone. I know everything will be fine. Oh and by the way Josh didnt die. I was told he did but that was wrong info. Brians funeral is tomorrow though. Im so fucking nervous about college now. I mean real college, not this community college bullcrap. But its ok, ill have to just breathe and send in all my applications at the same time. If i dont get in, there was nothing more I could do...If I get in to UCF ill die. I dont know how ill afford it, but if i get a scholarship for UCF ill kill, out of joy of course.
1	   Mal is coming over today! Im just so exicted, and we are going to see Spiderman. Its been out for like a month and Im sure no one will be in the theatre...but we are cool like that...        Other than that my Summer has been BORING! Although I did go to Paiges last week and made a crazy yet amazing t-shirt. We are such losers...stayed up till 3 in the morning sewing patches and beads onto an old volleyball shirt...        I also saw Napolean Dynamite a.k.a the most brilliant movie ever made. Pretty sure it had no plot and was completely&nbsp;pointless...but I loved&nbsp;it. &nbsp;          &nbsp; 
0	   well quentin is back from camping but hasnt called me.... lets just say im upset.... today in its self was just a disapointment.... i was sapost to go to dan rice days but that didnt happen cuz mom and jeff got in a fight and that of corse means its my fault like always.... i just feel like crap and no one but kimm seams to care.... i miss quentin but i also feel rejected by him because he hasnt called....        i sit and wait for someone who isnt there        you walk around with out a care        maybe we arnt really meant to be        im not being selfish this is just me          &nbsp;        &nbsp; 
1	I am going to see Elton John on 05/05/05 and I have 5th row tickets. There is obviously something  highly significant  about the number five in my future. I am also making plans to go to Ozzfest with Bernie and fly to Chicago to see Tori Amos again this summer.
1	You say that you love me, (Say that you love me), All of the time, (All of the time), You say that you need me, (Say you that need me), You'll always be mine, (Always be mine), And I'm feeling, glad all over, Yes I'm, glad all over, Baby I'm, glad all over, So glad you're mine.  EEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGG GGGGGGGGLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSS SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!  Ahem. Miaow.  Not that cats really like football or anything. Prrr.
1	Yay!  I talked another friend into the dark side.  *snicker*  Christine now has an LJ       newbeginning73   .  She's going through a devorce and I thought this would be a good way for her to process her feelings, meet new friends, and all the other good things you can get from an LJ.    Now if I can just use mine a little more.  *smiles*
0	 I'm such an awkward person.    I think there are many people who are uncomfortable around me. or something.&nbsp;     &nbsp; 
0	Yesterday, John and I picked up a grape from the dining hall as a treat for my sweet baby, Pantoufle. So I cut it in half and pulled out her cage - she was oddly sleeping smack dab in the middle. When I took off the lid and called her name, she didn’t move. She wasn’t asleep at all. She was dead. :( I sat there petting her while John called our boss and told her we wouldn’t be in. Then we took her cage and all (if anyone in my dorm questioned, I was really going to give it to them but fortunately no one saw me at all) out to Martinsburg where I cleaned out her cage. She now waits for us in the freezer until we take her home to bury her Tuesday.  Sure she was getting old but I really miss my precious baby...
1	Hmmmm... I told myself to update but I have nothing to write. OH I've been over Ben's house the last two days. Hanging out with Ben, Chelsea, Cody, and a bunch of other people. It was REALLY fun. We played video games, watched movies, ate, played video game and talked. 10-12 hours of that is flippin AWSOME. Im a little drained but it was SO worth it. hehe. What else is there to talk about. Nothing really. Other then the Sims 2 is still eating my soul. Ok Im out, I have to go stand on a hill in copper armor during a thunder storm and scream "ALL GODS ARE BASTARDS!!!!!!!!"
1	      You scored as  Unipolar Depression . Congraulations! You are depressed! You know just how it feels to bear all the world's burdens, and the value of a 19-hour night's sleep. And you really hate that circle-guy thing on your Zoloft pill packets.       Unipolar Depression             33%       Antisocial Personality Disorder             17%       Eating Disorders             8%       Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder             0%       Schizophrenia             0%       Borderline Personality Disorder             0%        Which mental disorder do you have?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	Gems birthday was june 6 sunday:) it was soo nice to see her, shes been at work and i have work so seeing each other is scarce, my fault, sadly so it was really awesome to see her! shes realyl beautiful!!! LY Gem. we went to see harry potter 3, and it was weird, not the movie but the experience, (uve prolly read it in her lj so no need to write the whoel thin) but needless to say we got to see harry potter 3, and not only that we got extra free tickets!! now thats awesome!! after that we went to red lobster, we ate quite a lot, lol and damn those muffins/biscuits are soooo goood!!!! hehehe we ate quite a lot o those that by the time the main course got there we were mad full already, lol that was lunch time, and we both didn even need to eat dinner coz we were jus full lol. LOVE YOU GEM!
1	I just got around to looking for the info on the race for the cure.  I found out that it is on September 15th...my birthday.  I am going to get a team together, and the teams have to be at least 15 people, so I need people to come and run with me.  It is okay if you are slow or whatever, and you can stop running if you need to.  The run is a 5K which is something like 3miles, I think.  It is $20 to participate but it is for a really good cause.  So yeah, if you want to do it tell me.  When I get the registration packet I will let you all know and then I will get the $20 from you.  I guess that is it on that...
1	We arrived home last night from St. Croix to discover, between last night and this morning, three more job interview offers, from Kenyon, Northwestern, and Oberlin (which wants to fly me out), all for prestigious 1-2 year positions. It was a nice way to come home from a wonderful vacation, about which more details later. In the meanwhile, does anyone have any good tips for phone interviews? Cuz I find them very difficult and unsettling.  Oh, and happy birthday.       jendavis77   !  Life. Unpredictable. But currently in a good way. :)
1	The past few days I have been in the mood to listen to nothing but Jason Mraz and Romanian pop music (well, and  Les Mis , which made an interesting mix competing for space in my head with the Romanians).  No explanation for why.  Sara was very charitable yesterday, and suggested that I liked the Romanian pop music  because  it's bad.  Yeah, very charitable.  So the final prelim counts are in:    By means of explanations, stress bubbles are little bubbles that form on the inside of my lip, and the superscripts on the tea are uncaffeinated, caffeinated, and the little glasses from Turkuaz.  Stiff necks were counted by days, and is probably the least accurate count on there.   Not too shabby for 6 1/2 weeks.  Also, mad congrats to       bsquaredsf    for passing his quals.  Not that we had any doubts.
1	Hey, just seeing who's in this community. Looks like this game is gonna be fun.  If anyone has/can get a PDF of the rulebook, please burn it for everyone. I'll provide the CD-RW if needed.   Also, if you know what tribe or auspice you're gonna be, or have an idea,  reply to this or make a post so we can coordinate for the most fun. I'm going to be a Philodox, of either of these tribes (not sure quite yet): Get of Fenris, Fianna, Shadow Lord. I'm also going to be a Hominid. That's the humanoid-type.  kthnxbye
1	Kayla is really pretty rad. She's both productive and pretty cool. Go Kayla.
0	Why is it that girls have the ability to turn you into an emotional wreck at the click of their fingers, this last couple of weeks has been hell, She just doesn't seem to understand me, and its like she just says things to hurt me and make me feel bad and jealous, like she hasn't caused me enough heart ache already, she just keeps giving me more.  Kev x
1	John Elway, after living a full life, died. When he got to heaven, God was showing him around. They came to a modest little house with a faded Broncos flag in the window. "This house is yours for eternity, John," said God. "This is very special; not everyone gets a house up here."  John felt special, indeed, and walked up to his house. On his way up the porch, he noticed another house just around the corner. It was a 3-story mansion with a Green & White & Silver sidewalk, a 50 foot tall flagpole with an enormous EAGLES logo flag, and in every window, an Eagles emblem. John looked at God and said "God, I'm not trying to be ungrateful, but I have a question. I was an all-pro QB, I won 2 Super Bowls, and I even went to the Hall of Fame." God said "So what's your point John?" "Well, why does Donovan McNabb get a better house than me?"  God chuckled, and said "John, that's not Donovan's house, it's mine."                        GO EAGLES !
1	Listening to techno, raving on webcam, and lagging therefor making it look like you're on some serious drugs, is the best way to spend a Sunday night...and the best way to connect with someone .  I love you dorko 
1	yeah now that the show is here im happier and...im glad to be with kat and sara....life isnt so bad after all...crytal loves me and kat loves me and sara does too&lt;3 and i m soo happy....and crystal thanks so much that note made my day it was wonderful your so wonderful in every way....you mean the work to me&lt;3 and im happy to have met you and kat you guys know just how to make me smile
1	i'm back for my little 2 week vacation to chicago and the central illinois area.  here are some highlights...  .spending time with good people  .buying clothes and getting to be stacey london for a bit :) .seeing the dorian gray painting at the art institute .the very large h&m .the chubby guy doing sir mix alot at karaoke .going to the zoo and seeing animals like chipmunks, and squirrels heehee .also seeing fun meerkats and monkeys at the same zoo .playing scrabble at the library .seeing many movies, most were crappy though :) .sooooooo much MTV .lots of fun at the museum of science and industry .getting in trouble at the field museum .good talks and laughs  .having fun at chuck e. cheese  one thing i missed was getting to see oprah.  hopefully one day it will happen!  i will post some pictures later
0	Something doesn't seem right. Being told I have just done something. But that something hasn't even been done by me. I feel like someone is doing something. And that someone better stop, because that isn't right.
1	Everybody I see has a huge hard on for Abhijeet Cho (in Strangetown).  I wonder if I should breed him with Illusia Wreck? *sigh* Poor Nervous.   I updated the  memories , so a user info revamp should be coming soon...complete with an intro for all of my characters :)  I'm reading all of your stuff... I love reading Sims stories.  I can't wait until  University comes out  I can *AFFORD* University :)
0	  Hey...      I'm home for 'Easter break' which is til late Sunday or Monday, I'm not sure when yet. Already having some major issues, well old ones that keep recurring... if you are really close and take the time to care about me and talk to me, like Eric and Steve, you'd know. Sometimes I feel as though it's hard to express what I really feel, and it's the hardest thing to have to speak up. I'm not that kinda person though. This is going to be a pleasant long weekend... I'm already snowed in for tomorrow and I have a bible paper I should work on Friday so maybe I can get out shopping Saturday (with Greg?!). I talked to him tonight too-- I'm glad he's moving on with his&nbsp;'love life' but of couse that involves me having to do the 'letting go' process he's already been going through/over with. Tough stuff. I have to call Eric now before I go to bed just to tell that i'm ok. Hm.. am I really as strong of a person as he tells me I am??  
0	I had heard a rumor several months ago that a guy I went to high school with (Larry) was teaching first grade at a local elementary school. I was hoping that it was an erroneous rumor.  This is the same guy who turned to me during a career seminar in 12th grade English and asked, "Would you go to me if I became a gynecologist."  Without hesitation I replied, "No, do you want to know why?"  "Sure."  "First of all, I've seen your grades. Secondly, you are currently wearing a beer of the month T-shirt, and last but not least that would be creepy."  "Yeah. I see your point."  This morning, I saw this same "man" pulling into the parking lot of a local elementary school. Sigh. What is the world coming to? I openly weep for the education of our local youth.
1	            Go  here  (on "sculptures and sketches" page) to buy a set of your own :)  
0	I think i will really really miss almost everyone at my work : (      
0	  Well, there is nothing else to do in     Central Indiana    on a Thursday that doesn't involve a restaurant, so we're heading to Fusion.          &nbsp;       I don't see this going well.         &nbsp;       In fact I see  MUCH MUCH MUCH  badness in my near future.       &nbsp;     No time like spring for spring cleaning.  
1	YO YO YO whatsup people?  Yah thats right im Psyched.  Getting my tattoo in a little while.  Im suprised im not a little frightened right now. Im actually looking forward to it.  Yah it will be pretty cool.  Life couldnt get better that is for sure.  Besides my naggin mother, Its not bad its just are you supposed to reall ybe annoyed so much from tthe person who put you in this world?  I guess its normal lol.  Im just glad i have my step mom for real.  She is the only reason I am the way I am.  She has really taught me a lot about this world, and she actually listens to me unlike normal parents.  Yah I'm also lucky to have this special someone in my life.  It's so sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeettt!!!!!!!!!w ell class is over! SWEEEEEEETTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!! LOL         BYE YALL
1	 Death Cab for Cutie/ The Decemberists/ Stars   Central Park Summer Stage (aka free!)  Thursday, 8/18/05    Anyone else excited!?   I'm also on a rediculous Wilco kick.     Songs of the Day:  Not for the Season Cars Can't Escape Panthers
0	so yesturday was just plain crap i cried myself to sleep it was so bad also my ankel is so fuckd up! went on a sckool trip today it was kl i missd bitsie a bit tho i dint learn anything realy me rach sam( who had pretty girlie long hair!) and clare just ran round trying to get all the free pens and sweets we could get our hands on. we all no freebies rule!
1	Yay!  I just installed Final Cut Pro 2!  I'm stoked... plus, my dad said that if I start getting *really* into it and doing projects for the company and making money, he'll help me buy the new G4 dual processor when it comes out in a couple months... yeeees!  That would be gnarly.  Anyways, should I get white turn signals on my Durango?  It's red... I'm thinking it would look wicked cool... but I dunno.  Should I?  Hmm, I think I'm gonna go CD shopping today... I dunno yet.  There's something in my eye and it hurts!!!
0	Eh, I'm giving up on the quick and dirty video I thought up a few days ago.  It just isn't coming together the way I thought it would.  I'll export a clip at some point that'll hopefully show a bit of what I was trying to get at, but it's really just a horrible failure.
1	It seems as though I haven't been doing anything but homework recently. But after this week things should get better, at least until finals ...hum, I really can't think of any interesting things in my life.  But the pizzokie (I thought it was bazzuki) get together was yummy.  And I got to go to the Getty for the first time with my mom. I can't wait for Christmas break!  Christmas carols (George Carlin singing Carol of the Bells...lol) and yummy food and no homework! K, 'nough rambling, g' night
0	 http://www.livejournal.com/users/cateli n/179683.html  also, i'm dropping out of HTC. 99% sure. too much work just to teach early childhood education. first graders don't give a shit about moby-dick. i've cried a lot today. and last night. and this week.  just make it all stop.
0	i'm soooooo disappointed right now. in myself. i hate the fact that i drank all this weekend away. i feel slike such a bad person. and the only reason i was doing it is b/c of how much i miss noah. i'm sitting here, with tears running a river down my cheeks and all i want to do is hold him. right now, this is how i feel. i feel like i'm never gonna love again like i loved him. i feel like i'm never gonna make it anywhere with my music which kills me, b/c that is my DREAM. and i'm trying to make it happen. and i'm on vocal rest right now but it is sooooo hard and stressful. you feel detached from everything and everyone else around you. you are in your own little world that no one else can really come into. i hate it. b/c all i can do is think to myself and i can never say everything i want to. i can't laugh out loud, its hard enough trying to cry w/o making a sound. i thought i was coming out....i feel like i'm falling back in.....and i don't wanna go there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  .stephanie.
1	    I’m Excited! One Week till PEI! That doesn’t seem like a whole long time! And it’s not one week really. It’s more like 5 days cause hopefully we’re gonna be leaving on Friday on le autobus. If I can get the car (that’s still up for debate) then we’ll be leaving on Saturday instead. Ahh shit, I don’t really know what’s going on yet, except that we’re going to PEI for one whole week and it will be delicious! YUMMMMM!        Anyways, I thought I’d give some kind of update that wasn’t pictures, cause I really like pictures and I’ve been posting a lot of them recently. Sorry:’(        Anyways, talk to y’all soon when I have tons more to say:)      &nbsp;           &nbsp;       
1	I just wanted to share this picture my talented mom took of my perfect dog... Kenny.          So lately I love "The Blower's Daughter" by Damien Rice... why you ask, beautiful? because it was the perfect song for the end of "Closer" and now I can NOT get it out of my head. It's amazing.  "And so it is Just like you said it should be We'll both forget the breeze Most of the time And so it is The colder water The blower's daughter The pupil in denial I can't take my eyes off of you I can't take my mind off of you"
0	  man oh man. EVERYONE left me! i had to eat with sketchy people. i need to call caiti but i have to study, so caiti if u read this, HI! SORRY IM NOT CALLING BUT I HAVE CRAP LOADS TO DO! i am very sad. tear tear. well im gonna go now. hope u guys are having fun! 
0	OK well i have to have say this valintines day SUCKED. I started my new job witch was ok, but then i came home cooked my own dinner and ate it with my 3 year old nephew 3 month old neice and 12 year old sister. I'm single true but i just hated today i want to be wined dined and romance. I guess thats to much to ask for.
0	OK.  So sometime I'm going to do this big journal entry, but for now check this out:       You scored as  Mallrats . You're Mallrats, the second View Askew film.  You spend all your time at the mall, when you aren't fighting with your siginificant other, desperately trying to get them back by any means necessary, even if it means making an ass of yourself on live television.  Hey, maybe you'll get a talk show out of the deal!       Mallrats             80%       Jersey Girl             60%       Jay & Silent Bob Strike Back             60%       Clerks             50%       Chasing Amy             40%       Dogma             10%        Which Kevin Smith movie are you?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
1	 i pierced shawna's (from work) conch     so how do u put pics n here???    &nbsp; 
0	Interestin' how a decent mood can suddenly change to crap, ne?  Maybe it has to do with not feelin' well. And feeling lonely, despite being around people. Hrm.  Edit: Well, a little better than before... still stressed and kinda icky feeling. But I'm just stayin' oouuut of things. Yes. &gt;_&gt;; I'm gonna try my best, anyway. I have enough fighting to deal with in RL. Oh, and *FLUFFS Thello* You're nice. XD *Offers muffins!*
1	I am about to head to Radio Shack and pick up some networking supplies. Then I head to Chip's to deliver the present, help him set up his new PC and get him networked on his roommates DSL line. It shouldn't be too hard, but I know It will end up an ordeal. It always does when I'm trying to do something on my own. But oh well, it's worth the effort.  Tuesday was our one year anniversary. I can't believe a whole year has gone by already! I'm not saying this because I know he reads my journal, I'm saying it because it is true. This is the best relationship I have ever had. One day I might have to marry this man... even if the state I live in doesn't want me to have the right!  Gotta' go before traffic gets worse. Till next time!  M@
1	Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.  Everytime I listen to this song, I get annoyed by Bono. What were you thinking, man? Saying YEAH a trillion times just to annoy me? Forget you, Bono. I'll just listen to The Sounds and...forget you.  So, today was pretty straight-forward. Kana and I were supposed to try out for the talent show, but I thought it was next week, so I couldn't go. Arrg. It's just another Thursday. I must hold on with everything I have until I, too, go totally mad.....too late.  Chicago should be fun even though none of us can even sing the songs we're learining in choir. Hannah and I have some happy conversations about the kids that pretty much ignore our existance. Yay for dumb friends! Haha, I love it when we bitch about that for about 5 minutes until Mrs. Baret yells at us. :D  Forever Yours, 
1	i just wanted to say i had a pretty good birthday this year.  thanks everyone for the calls, texts, emails and IMs.  i really appriciated all of them and they all put a smile on my face.  i also loved all the gifts i got this year.  thanks and i love you all.    its really cold!    happy birthday kumi!
0	DO SOL DO MI SOL MI SOL FA MI RE MIIIII DO SOL DO MI SOL DO MI SOL FA MI RE DOOO    Thats as far as I've gotten so far!   GAHHHHH  Me and solfege just don't get along and my 15 minute site singing test Thursday is going to blow up in my face.
0	the world sucks....at least mine does...bastard of an ex...no one new to be had...no money...no job...everything really sucks all the way around...i have nothing...i have no one...i am nothing and i am no one...if it wasn't for the metal...i'd kill myself...figurtively speaking that is...
0	     I'm     SoOoOoO  o     SoRrY     mArI  !!!*     
0	having meltdown - very embarassing - hate job, hate life, hate pager ...
0	"Jerry scratches off the 32 on his pants and puts a 31." I like Seinfeld.  I'm a little sick. I think it's passing - or maybe it wasn't really anything. I just hope i don't get sick. I just ate chicken soup, 2 tacos and an ice cream cone. This cold obviously doesn't affect my appetite. People enjoyed Me & Bryans  simulacra film. It was a nice feeling to recieve the clap. This entry sucks
1	After Tristan wakes up from his nap I'll take him to my friends to be watched for a couple hours while I go and pick up my new ball. Baby in a bowling alley not the best by yourself. Almost hit him in the head the first time we went together.  I picked up a new bag already that will hold both balls and has wheels so I don't break my back carrying them.  Next Wednesday I'll try to go to the lanes during the bowl your arm off hours to work on different parts of my game without caring about scores.
1	Yesterday, I went to my eye doctor for my check-up appointment (diabetes) so she gave me three different eye drops. *Groan*  Then she looked at my eyes and my eyes looked good but little slow. I was very happy.  But I ask her one question: "Can the diabetics wear contact lens?" She said, "Sure...you decide."  I was very excited. I will wear contact lens while I'll in suit. Yay! =)  *Bounces happily*  Am I sexy without wearing my glasses? ;)  BTW....happy *belated* birthday to       chairoraccoon   !!!  *Hugs a coon tightly*  :&gt;
0	     Your Dossier by   kan420        Username           How do you feel?           What motivates you?           Desired department      Department of True Information Tactical Decency Bureau Ministry of Cultural Suppression Central Engineering Transparent Coercion Logistics (Thinktank) The Anti-Unpopular Authority Pragmatic Ethics Research       Codename    MISTER QUICK      Specialty    Master non-answerer      Favourite gadget    Bong-taser      Primary weapon    Twin .45 nickel-plated pistols        Overall combat efficiency: 99%                                                                                      Psycheval    Psychologically unstable      Your erotic and deadly contact in Minsk    phirefly      Deep-cover agent; not to be trusted    raven_lenore               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	I am getting tired of my emotions going up then down....I dont know....most of my friends have gone off to college and I am here pregnant without friends....things are weird I suppose. As soon as my baby boy is here I am sure I wont need anyone but him hehe. Well with the exception of my LJ friends too. *sigh* I am off to go watch TV....  J
1	I don't wanna go home!!!!! *whines*   Oh! But Hijiri-chan! I was able to get you something!! And I kind of used some of the money to get something for my friend Emishi, since he's sick. The rest of that money Ban-chan says we're keeping.  I hope you like it! ^_^   I totally forgot!!! The fourth was Teshimine-san's birthday!! I wish I knew where he was so I could send him a late gift... &gt;.&gt;   Ops. Oh well, if you read this Teshimine-san, HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY!!! ^_^ I hope you don't feel too old! XD Even if you kind of are. ^_^   This place is so nice. Eck, I got to go. I'll see everyone soon!!!!
1	Today 2.00: woke up ,got dressed and had breakfast 3.00-4.50: danced to christmas music with my stuffed toys 5.00: WENT TO AIMZ'S HOUSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  yer today kicked so much arse :) was extremely fun. had an absolutly great time. can't say anymore cause im tired and i wanna go to bed bye all!!!!!!!
1	  kanakuk!!!!!! I made K.A.A.!! ahhh i can't even wait      and Impact, omega juda is going to be stellar!       &nbsp;      &nbsp; 
0	  You are 'juggling'.  Jugglers, tumblers, and other street performers were a very popular sort of entertainment once, before movies and talkies and online quizzes supplanted them.  You like to put on a show for people, and they like to watch.  You are friendly and well-liked, particularly for your sense of humor, although you sometimes play with people's heads.  You are frequently the center of attention, and you like it that way.  However, you have to realize that the world does not revolve around you. Furthermore, you have to learn that your light-hearted antics are not appropriate to all situations.  Your problem is that juggling has been obsolete for a long time.      What obsolete skill are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla     CRAP!  My printer is outta ink!
0	 She was my introduction to the wonderful, mind-expanding realms of Science Fiction and Fantasy. My earliest memories of Science Fiction stories were from her works.     Andre Norton is dying.     Damn, the world is going to lose a brilliant star among its galaxy of authors.    VARGR 
1	April 27, in Seattle:   The Angels Of Light   FINALLY.   More dates .
0	Dawn and I were looking forward to hosting easter.  Unfortunately we had a few issues.  On saturday, I got a call from my cousin's wife, and both of her young kids were sick.  Since my grandpa had been having pnemonia issues, she didn't want the kids around him, so they were going to stay home, but send food that I asked them to bring with my aunt.  Then, I got a call from my mom, who told me that Grandma had broken her hip, and likely grandpa and my aunt weren't coming.  On sunday, she talked my aunt into going, but she wouldn't come alone, and grandpa wasn't feeling good (Likely due to stress).  So, we had food for about 20 people (Dawn makes too much food, and it's SOOOOO goo), and it was just me, Dawn, and my parents.  Grandma had surgery today.  They put a pin in to help the fracture heal.  I haven't heard any news on her yet, which is probably good news.
0	I didn't like today very much.  Twas rather depressing.  I hate when my friends fight. Makes me gloomy. Especiially when it's over stupid shit.  And boy made me depressed.    Anyway. I can play the piano. Reading music, that is. Isn't that awesome? Woo for practicing and comprehending music. haha the site reading helped me alot.  I hope tomorrow is a good day.
1	Today has been a great day, I went and paid for my car so I am now a car owner.  And I got approved to adopt Charlie (an Australian Shepherd/ Golden Retriever mix.)  Oh yeah, about the car, I bought an '86 Chevy Spectrum for $250, it runs really well, but has some issues about idling.  It's already pre-decorated for me with political stickers and a rainbow stickers.  Very exciting.  A'ight, I gotta run 'cause I'm at work.
0	So...I wrote Jason a note today in school, and left it in a sealed envelope trapped under his windshield wiper. I hope it doesnt rain or blow away.  I just told him that i was sorry for not giving him a chance to explain himself, told him that i know i act wrongly and that i was sorry. Let him know how i felt about the way things are now, and let him know that i'd like to talk shit out.  What he does with this letter, I don't know. will he even read it? Will it blow away? Will he blow it off? Or will he actually call or try to speak with me? I don't know any of it.  I just know I tried, and all I can really do is let whatever happens happen.  My head hurts, by the way.
0	Today i am going to bitch about....optimism. Ive been following this astros team for as long as i can remember....and they were literally 1 run away from going to the world series tonight. Game 7 is tomorrow, but if they throw away this entire season i think it might seriously throw me into another major depression......i would rather them have sucked all year than lose tomorrow.  On to what i did today....basically got up, went to poli sci, ate lunch, killed time until the astros game. Got my heart broken, then started watching red sox game. They are doing good so far, but who knows how it will end....oh well....there is always tomorrow.
1	Ohmigod.... I saw this icon a few days ago and I died.  I needed it.   There's another hilarious one I'm looking for that was FF7 but a parody of "Teen Girl Squad" from homestarrunner.com.   ....Need it.    That is all.
0	I leave for Thailand on Wednesday, which sucks. I have to miss all the tests and such for class and I'm going to be gone during Elvis Costello. (haha...a minor loss) I'm going to be gone for 11 days. That's sooooooooo long. Geez...I'm going to miss everyone :-(  So yesterday I went to the Portal with Connor, Britknee, Cael, and Brooke. It was really fun. Saw Chad, Jason, Daniel, Alisa, others.   Today is going to suck. I think I'm stuck being home all day with my parents, maybe get my hair cut more. (which I don't want) And I might have to go shopping to buy shorts or something.   Poor Britknee is grounded for getting kicked out. I don't get to hang out with her. Connor's gonna hang out with Myke today and go to the Grange, so I don't get to hang out with him either. Hopefully Lauren won't flake out on me.   Gr. I just want to sit around and do nothing today. I want to crawl back into bed and let rainfall put me into an indefatigable trance.
1	Today is what we in the business call a 'good day'  It's the last day of classes, and as part of my usual routine I check my mocomotion e-mail.  Only to find this:  "  Congratulations!  You have been chosen a s an award winner in the  Faculty of Engineering Technology depart ment.  Attached please find an  e-mail invitation to the awards ceremony.   An invitation has also been  sent to your home address.   "  I am awesome :D  Except today could be... fun  Communications exam in 2 hours, but its multiple choice and shall be easy.  Then I need to go to web to present my website.  Which should be interesting.  Fortunately Yendt seems to be something of a hippie, and probably won't get pissed at me for doing it on the subject I chose.  I hope :D  And work.  Mean workies :(  But its the last day of classes~ Weeeeee  :D
1	Here are some Emerald rose pics from  The One Ring Celebration. 
1	   You Are Jasmine!        Independent and adventurous. You don't want much; just to break out of the guilded cage society has put you in and experience life to the fullest. Following orders isn't really one of your strong points, and you would rather live a life of poverty than being forced into something that you hate.     Which Disney Princess Are You?  
0	dang...that makes me sad that blink 182 has called it quits...that really sucks...they were awesome....but, maybe they'll come back together and make another album later...and i cant wait for Travis' reality show to come out..i think it'll be pretty interesting....
1	6 July 2004 ONE MONTH UNTIL MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! I think I’ll put in a simplified list of birthday presents I want soon . . . (And Abby-chan, moving does not get you out of giving me a present! You are going t’ be at my party, one way or another!) Aaaanyway, will you guys tell me who owns which bishōnen (and Jakens . . . *shudders*) I can’t remember ‘em all. I have Inuyasha, ½ Ryōga, ½ Yōko Kurama, ¼ Jin, ¼ Black Haru, ¼ Tasuki, and ¼ Kamui. Simmy has Myōga, Happōsai, ¼ Genma Saotome, ¼ Buyō, ¼ Jaken, 1/8 Sea Man, and 1/8 Hikaru Gosunkugi. Preeta has ¾ Jaken, ¾ Sōta, ¾ Buyō, and ¼ Ryōga. Gillian wants Riku, Sora, ½ Kuwabara, and ½ Yusuke. No one has them, right? So, I wanna know who Abby, MotH, Lauren, and Sarah have, ‘kay? Oh, and Deanna, you’re free t’ claim bishōnen. The limit is three, but you can halves and quarters and such. No one’s claimed any Yu-Gi-Oh or Gundam Wing characters if you want them. A’right, that’s all.  ~*Namarië*~
0	 nothin.. ah here at the mall right now.. just done my shopping and now.. bum! check my mail and do a lil updating.. hmm.. i'm still thinkin if i would go to the salon later and do my hair thang.. grrr.. there!   i just checked out this one community i'm in and i find it so good for all the people in there to welcome you and reply to your post and stuffs! they're all good..   oh well.. last night was one of the not so good night i had with my boyfriend! we had this small fight.. not bein able to reply to all my messages and stuffs.. argghh.. it's killin me and all i wannna do is get next to him.. hug him tight.. kiss him and say that i really just wanna be with him.. haysss.. *sigh* sometimes havin a long distance relationship sucks! grr... haySs.. but i do love him.. that's why i'm makin all the sacrifices and stuffs.. missin him so bad.. *sad*  ..so still wondrin why i'm here in the mall right nOw?! *sniff* 
0	How do you let someone know in a nonconfrontational way that something they said offended and hurt you? Especially when it wasn't their intent and they may not realize it...
1	Well, I'm about ready to start packing. Figuratively. And literally, I guess. This weekend I'm going off to Winnipeg (about time for a vacation). It's awesome fun. Freezing weather, Canadians, and a whole heap of Mennonite children. Even the trip there is fun. Our plane leaves from Vancouver. If we leave early enough, we can make it to Granville Island for doughnuts and tea before we leave. I'm finally getting my act together to go to Europe. This means I get to write out a serious budget, figure out costs of transportation, housing, random other stuff...... This will be fun
1	80 oz does not give you twice as much freedom...  it gives you a belly ache and a trip to the nearest restroom facility.    Mark just attacked me with a monster Nerf gun. Apparently, he and Ryan spent 135 dollars on 18 guns. Nerf wars will erupt...there is no question. I'm so psyched right now. Excuse me while i seek revenge.  -Bri Bri Weavy
1	It's all set. Cha-Cha the Chihuahua meets my kitties next Tuesday evening. If all goes well, I'll get her when I get back from California. I'm so nervous, this is such a big commitment, but the way I love dogs and have been itching to own one more and more over the past two years -- I know, deep down, I am doing the right thing.   She is so beautiful and gentle. A short-haired one, and a little bigger than Fawn. She is 8-years-old. I loved her the minute I saw her at John S.'s party a few years ago.  Who knew that a few years later she'd be mine?   (For those who haven't been following, this couple I know is moving into a new apartment and they can't take Cha-Cha. I'm so happy they asked me).
0	My mom just called and told me that my grandmother isn't getting better and the doctors said she probably has hours or days to live.  What an awful day.
1	The only channel I know where I can watch Queer Eye for the Straight Guy, Queer Eye for the Straight Girl, Project Runway, Celebrity Poker Showdown, and Celebrity Pool. This is like the channel for my guilty pleasures. And I love Bravo especially today. I got to watch QE for the Straight Girl and Celebrity Pool. What do those two shows have in common? Well, for today at least, they both have the indomitable and fabulous Honey Labrador. God, I adore her. Bravo loves to tease me with funny, smart, gorgeous people. *sighs then runs off to see her favorite lesbian*
1	 Hey, I guess us Centennial kids are really making a name for ourselves.&nbsp; 10 of us made region band which is great considering there were only 5 of us last year.&nbsp; I am really happy that I will be able to participate in region band once again.&nbsp; My spot was better last year, but for not practicing as much this year I guess it is a good thing.&nbsp; I am very happy at the moment, but with the amount of homework I still have to complete it is slowly bring down my excitement.&nbsp; Congrats to everyone else who made it.&nbsp;      http://clubweb.peoriaud.k12.az.us/PHS_Ba nd/band_camp_2004.htm     &nbsp; 
0	OMG today was the worst day ever! me and bill broke up last nite, and it ruind my entire day! god n now all these ppl hate me b/c i broke up with him!  well ya kno wat... to all the ppl who hate me! im sorry! i didnt want anybody to get hurt in all of this!   this is exactly wat happend last year, lets just hope it doesnt end the same!!!!!!!!!!      -Sue
1	Hopefully, I'll get over this stupid illness before the weekend is over.  It turns out that  both  of the cars are messed up, so I'm going to be seriously rideless for the next half-a-week.  I managed to submit the song I performed at FC to Xenofilkia.  I hope it gets published there.  I had meant to submit it earlier, but I only got around to it now.  Also, I'm going to be doing a recording for Rodney on Saturday.  It should be a lot of fun and I've been playing his song (or at least what I remember of it).  Other than that, my Irish trad group is having the first meeting tomorrow.  I'm very excited about that and hope to see what we can accomplish.  That's about it for now.  I'm just going to glide through the rest of this quarter once I get over my illness.  Goodnight, everyone!
1	   this girl is eating a heart... is that good advertising?  birdo not ostro: i'm only attracted to cartoons and pixelated sprites birdo not ostro: honestly byu loves yoU: really? byu loves yoU: wow byu loves yoU: do i have your permission to copy and paste part of this conversation in my live journal? birdo not ostro: sure, but make my font fixedsys if you could... i use it for everything as well except when i'm on aim since i can't really change my font or anything byu loves yoU: hahaha ME TOO byu loves yoU: my font IS fixedsys right now byu loves yoU: and in my journal it is too byu loves yoU: default byu loves yoU: wtf is wrong with us? we are like long lost twins or something birdo not ostro: i know, i was gonna say, good work birdo not ostro: my journal is fixedsys when there is any text at all birdo not ostro: totally, ahhah
1	Today has been a phenomenal day.  Went to Convergys this morning and passed the tests, got an interview for tomorrow.  Went to school, passed in a paper.  My friend Dan (the guy I was doing open mic with tonight) picked me up and took me to Laing House, which is a drop in centre for youth in the area with mental illnesses.  We had barbecue food and played games and stuff.  It was fun.  Plus we were practicing for open mic and people kept complimenting me. Which never hurts.  Went to open mic which I won't much get into despite to say that we did really well.  I sang the lead on Live's Lightning Crashes, and hit it pretty much spot on.  The important part of the whole experience would be the fact that Dwaine (Friday's date, that went so remarkably well) came to watch me.  That meant more to me than most anything he ever could have done.  I'm seriously feeling warm fuzzies at this guy.  And he seems to feel them back. Which is convenient.
1	 Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy   Can't wait for that Volgon Poetry.
0	im wearing shorts. the air conitioner is broke, and it is very warm.... .......................... ........................ ................... ...... .. . . .... . .... .. whatever. happy easter
0	But that's probably not a such a good idea, since I went to the dentist today and will be returning tomorrow to get prepped for 2 more crowns. $$$$$$$$$$$$$ The only good news is that it's on 2 teeth that have already had work on them - a 3 year old root canal & a filling. The last couple times I've gone to see the doc I've had this sense of impending doom, waiting for him to bring them up, and it's just that today that the doom came crashing down. On the bright side, no NEW problems. I guess that's a bright side. BUT... Damnit damnit damnit ! I wanted to go to Yaoi con this year, and now I don't know if I'll be able to justify the expense since my stupid teeth are going to halt the progress I was making on my CC balance. Damn
1	New  Dream Theater  studio album in my hands right now... "Train of Thought". Sweeeeeet...
1	Whee!  You know what I just found out?  I have enough Shopper's Optimum points to get $75 in free stuff from Shoppers.  Finally, after, like, a million years collecting, I'm at the highest level I can get.  100% off a purchase of $75 or less.  Oh the stuff I could buy from Shoppers for $75.  Shampoo, food, magazines, books, candles, makeup...
1	i love  newegg.com .  i ordered some stuff around 2 today, and it's already been shipped.  i might even have it by tomorrow!
0	Hmmmm, what can describe today? The word "RAIN" springs to mind lol. Went to town with moff and will, then went home and then went back in to meet emma and ryan. I went the cinema then with Angharad, Emma and Tom. Had a really good time! Last time I see Ang now til she comes home from holiday. It's gona take forever lol. Gona miss her like crazy! Ah well, guess I'll find something to amuse myself. We best get a bloody band practice organised ready for this gig. That should be good fun! Can't wait like! Anyways, I'm off to bed now! Check back tomoz lol!!
1	Oh, you may not think i'm pretty, but don't judge on what you see, I'll eat myself if you can find a smarter girl than me. You can keep your Ellas,Laurens, Your Sydneys, sleek and tall. For I'm Allyson Margaret, And I can cap them all. --variation on the Sorting Hat song.   Welcome to my special Mafia division- Articide. This is where we kill all the people who are stupid enough to draw badly. Don't be offended if you draw badly. We might not necessarily target you--just people who make fun of the classic artists such as the Impressionists, Mary Cassatt, Frida Kahlo, etc.
1	      I just got this for 9 dalla! (it retails for $40)     I&nbsp;heart Ebay.      ...and since we're on the subject of Disney stuff...      The Submarine ride will be re-opening in 2005!  Possibly with a Finding Nemo over-lay. Not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing since I haven't seen Finding Nemo. As much as I loved the old version, you have to admit, it's pretty cheesy compared to the newer rides in the park. Sure I'd like to keep it on the "retro" tip, but It would be unrealistic to expect the ride to remain the way it was. Well, I'm happy it's re-opening, regardless. The lagoon was looking sad & still. It's time to make that blue water ripple again. :)
0	This is the 4th gal that leaves me b'coz she thinks that I am a better person than what she really wanted...  & I am too nice and too good for them... love them too much...  that they decide to not to choose to be wif me... so tell me... is there anything wrong to love anyone and love me back?  My best friend told me not to worry, U can go Vietnam & get a wife from yesterday;s front page on the papers!!  My lack of family love & bad childhood and teenage years make me feel that ppl should not be treated badly by others & more importantly not bullied by others...  Well... one good news... she is leaving S'pore for good to avoid me and after being strongly influenced by her Bas***d to go back to M'sia to join him again... wow...isn;t this good?
1	This is excellent.  What a great meme!    COMPUTER SPYING MEME     1.  Comment with a request to see absolutely anything on my computer. My desktop, my documents, my iTunes playlist, my bookmarks, my latest Photoshop experiment... absolutely whatever you are curious about. Request it.  2.  I will respond with a screenshot of the very thing you request.   3.  In return, you will spread this meme far and wide. Like a venereal disease.  Do it, do it, do it!  I love to see people's computers!  If there is a desktop screenshot on someone's DeviantArt account, I will surely look at it.  I don't have iTunes, but I do have Winamp, and I don't really do Photoshop experiments, but I do have other sorts of projects.  I will start you off.  Here is  my writing folder .
1	I'm Back!  I hope I have some friends come and play with me soon!
1	Hey!  I cut Sara's hair again to fix it.  It turned out really really good.  I am so excited.  I was kind of nervous, but as I kept cutting it I was less nervous.  At least she wasn't the type to be totally mad if I messed up (WHICH I DIDN'T!!).  So, for all of you who didn't think I could cut hair, you all are losers (LOL).  If anyone wants their hair done for prom I'll do it!
1	Father Peter seems to have discovered a liturgical timewarp &ndash; we started the service today in Easter and ended it in Pentecost!  Had lunch with       claroscuro   ,       emperor   , Mark- WINOLJ ,       naomir   , and       yrieithydd    at the Free Press, which was particularly good.  Even if it was a bit too sunny.  (I must have looked strange eating outside in  Hat  and sunglasses :))  Then we committed Xenocide, which was also mostly good.
1	This Morning I woke up at 8:30 so I could go online and buy Mets Tickets. So at  9:00 tickets went on sale and it took me forever to get into the site because it was busy but after 10mins of waiting I was in. I bought 2 tickets to Opening day that are about 12 rows behind the Mets dugout. I think these are the best seats I have ever had!!!! And I figured since I was on a roll that i would try and buy Subway series tickets too and sure enough I am going to see the Mets & Yankees play May 21, too!!! For those tickets we are sitting in the upper section which isn't to bad because All the drunk Yankee fans will be up there and from what I remember from the 2000 series (not the world serires) they were very entertaining. I visited the website again and I found out that both these games are sold out I am just so happy that my dad and I are going I feel like such a little kid! hehehe!
1	instead of a bum, which is what I am - On the Waterfront ( there you go Dan)  ha ha tried to tell me it was read-only mode!!!! I laugh! stupid site cannot keep ME from posting.... ha ha ha ha ha......  So anyway that damnible paper is done.... about damn time... thank you dan for you help...  So now it is spring break....  and im doing nothing.... see how psyched i am? wish i was skinny and had money so i could covort around on some island w/ a but of sex crazy alcohol induced idiots.. ya know for just one last laugh!  well im in the mood for chicken.. think  im gonna get some... lol
1	  You are Eddie. You no-good kid you, party on to the grave.      Which Rocky Horror character are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	   when is nathaniel coming?????          i found the link for this on some other chick's LJ and so i thought i should have one, too. it's also on my baby page at my web site.   and my brother thought he updated a lot...hehehehehe
0	This week has been really really really terrible....valentines day was the worst ever. i'm sure you all know about it. and for those of us who don't lets just say...I was told things and actions taken that made me feel less than worthless. =( every day is weird, and it isn't getting better. i just want what i lost...
1	Oh, did I mention I have the greatest older sister in the world? Yeah, any of you guys who think you do, she SO hoses on all of you guys. And...I'm about to have the greatest brother-in-law in the world! Man..I'm a lucky girl!
0	 There goes another mother .  Fucking wonderful.   Goodbye, mom. I hope you  get so fucking bored and miserable that'll you go absolutely insane and want to fucking come back  have a nice time and I'll miss you.  Alot.  I'm going to clean now. 
0	I didn't go to uni today. I hate Fridays. Fecking music. I hate uni in general really but Fridays just add that little extra bit of shittiness. I am in a definite depression. See I don't mind the tragic heartache sort of sadness. But when it turns into actual depression it's not fun. I don't want to do anything, I just want to stay at home all day in bed, eating ice cream. But there are things that I am expected to do and that is where the problem comes in. See that's why I am staying home today. I didn't think I could handle uni today. Especially seeing it's raining and I would have to go on the bus and would have to hang around uni for an hour and a half by myself until it was time for work.   I am eternally grateful that Easter is next week. That means no Friday at uni for two weeks.
1	Today my ECN class went to the London Stock Exchange. It was an incredible experience. Everything is electronic, so there wasn't a trading floor. However, we did get a presentation and were explained the trading process using Vodaphone's data. There was also a contest. At 4pm we submitted our guesses for the closing price of the FTSE. The market closes at 4:30 and then from 4:30-35 there is an auction process. This was unlike anything I had ever seen. At some times the buy price was higher than the sell price. At the end of the auction, the FTSE closed at 4742.4 and my guess was 4742.5. I had the closest guess and I won a bottle of Champagne. It was nice to win.
0	Across the country, your last rites are being given to you by the priest we've known for years.  And my heart is saying goodbye, saying i love you, saying thank you, thank you, thank you -- for you, for the life you've brought forth, for this time you've shared.  nothing will ever be the same. and thank God for that.  i love you, Papa.  love,  erin*eliz
1	I dont know what is more exciting, seeing a band I have grown up listening to and has had a big influence on the music I listen to and the times I have shared with so many friends such as Good Riddance , or the prospect of getting mountain dew slushies from 7/11's while I am in Melbourne on Monday.   Have a good weekend and someone make me a mixtape please.   You all rule !
1	Got the time off from Borders!   yay!   Still waiting on Booth.  Co-worker emailed me with update from my supervisor who is still trying to get coverage for my shift.   eep!   Hoping to get the time off from that as it's sorta key to the entire not having to rush gaming thing.  But...  I'm on vacation next week!  ^_^  This makes me happy!  ^_^
1	Well everything is going well...My friend Amanda and I have so many plans this year...Every Friday we go to Philly...To the club on 13th street...Like every week...IT's soo much fun...July were going to NY and then for my B-day we're going to California...For a weeks vacation...I totally can't wait...Around April we're going to Six Flags to ride KINGDA KA I think that's how you spell it...The new fastest coaster in the US...June we're going to NY for Pride...October we're going out hiking in some woods for Halloween and that's about it so far...We're going to be moving in together...She's giving me her car when she buys a new one...God things sure do change fast around here don't they....  Later...
1	Happy New Year! ~from April n Jim     Jim's message to the world: I love my baby apple. ^^
1	Coming to school for only until lunch, then leaving for Vegas! In a way I'm excited ,but I'm going alone and it's kinda boring since my cousins are going to be in school the whole day. I can already tell that I'm going to read alot there!!  I hate Packing!!  I think I'm tring out for Extended day..Kayla was tring to condvince me and I think she did!...  See you when I come back...
1	I will soon embark on a great adventure. All three Lord of the Rings movies, extended editions, consecutively viewed.  See you at 4 in the morning.
1	JibJab put out a new cartoon :) It's called "Second Term" and I was quite amused.  One of the candles I bought at Michael's is broken :( I have to go get a new one sometime in the near future (before I forget!). Other than that, I'm almost done buying stuff for the wedding! There's only some minor decorating items we still need to buy!! And a trip to IKEA for mass candle buying.  And now to put away my laundry. And do homework. And shower.  And it's midnight. Sigh.  *5 months!!*
0	as stupid as im going to sound... valentines day really sucks when you have nobody to be with.  its actually really depressing.
1	Im going to Nation tonight with Mal, Brit and Mike to meet up with Rissa Dom and the gang from school...this is going to be so much friggin fun! WOOOOO!!!
1	I am tired of Siau3 because I've had it for 4 years so I have a new one now....      ElementuryEdu   
1	wow what a day highlights:  -Getting downtown at 8:45 -the box office not opening until 12 -riding the elevator only once -playing in the sephora-y store -seeing lauren when we bought tickets. -SEEING CAROLINE (again)! -going backstage(!!!) -falling on 8 people on muni after getting lectured by sam about not holding on properly -morgasmic sandwitches -singing caroline while waiting for J&H -mini photo-shoot -suffering through something they were trying to pass as a musical (ok, it wasn't  that  bad but it wasn't appropriate for a high school...) -going home! and listening to a bit of caroline -watching snl -rain ALL day.
1	I want to have some fun tonight!  I just want a mental break and to be crazy.  So what if i have an 8:00 class.   I'll deal with that later.
0	I'm fighting depression again.  Trying real hard to keep my chin up and stay positive.  It's so hard when all I want to do is hide in a dark closet somewhere and just hope everything gets better.  What I can't understand is why I am so cheerful on the outside to others when deep down inside I am miserable.   I think it may be time for a counselor again.   In brighter news, today is Yahoo's 10th Birthday.  If you visit yahoo and are a memeber you can print a couple for free ice cream from Baskin Robbins! (Good for today only though).
1	Good news. Today I got a letter from Wagner College in NY telling me not only did I get accepted but I am recieving a full scholarship if I do indeed plan to go there. It's not my first choice, but I rest assured that when the end of August rolls around I will not be sitting here. Grr baby very grr.
0	i hate xanga, its so annoying.  okay, my party is this friday. (in three days) everybody better come (and if you wanna sleep over you can) (girls only :-p) if you need directions tell me by thursday  i have tons more to say, but its not going in this lj name...  i cant believe i cried today...
1	When I got home last night, I was all prepared to write about how my day just went downhill from hearing the contractor sing.  However, when I pulled into the driveway, Mr. Lichatz and Alexis were there picking up their yearly load of compost.  And he said Drea, my best friend in high school, had just closed on a house with her fiance  two roads away .  So I jumped back in my car and went to visit.  Talk about blast from the past: a whole bunch of people I knew in high school were there.  It was good to see them, especially Drea.
1	  &nbsp;The guy on the left will soon be me...    &nbsp;     &nbsp; My Hero's...  
1	Wootles for me it was my birthday on Friday and I'm 20 now! On Friday night we went out and got rather drunk, but had lots of fun. Then on Saturday it was Paul's birthday and we had a family dinner at his house with yummy Italian food. Poor Paul hit his head on the corner of the wall when one of the little kids was trying to tickle him, and now he has a big lump on his head. I kissed it better but it didn't go away *gasp!*  Also, Paul got WoW so last night I went and visited him on it and helped him out with quests, which was fun^^ Today I have to go to uni for an English lecture and a History tutorial. Then I finish at three and my Dad told me to call him when I finish but I don't know why, so I'll maybe get a lift home!
1	The April Fool's show was so funny. I'm glad I brought my Frank stuff and was able to join in, in the craziness.  This whole weekend was fun. For once the fun didn't happen after I left Sci-Fri. lol    Alison, let me know when you're around this week and maybe we can do that photo shoot.
1	phil came home late friday night. and i got to hang out w/ him alllllllllll day yesterday. it was great. i missed him so much. aaah im so glad hes back!!  emmy leaves today. it kinda feels like she doesnt go to school. maybe cus shes been home for 3 weeks i dunno.  school tomorrow. i dont wanna go. i want it to be break forever. but i guess we all kinda do.  i wish it would snow more so i could play in it : )  well... its guitar practicing time.  bye.
1	   Ello from Homs,I am travelling so much, everyday in a different place , spmetimes 2 or 3, meeting so wonderful people. Shisha is all the time. Unfortunately axcess to internet is really har, and right now I can write only a few words.  Unfortunately I am sick , so I don't feel comfortable.         Syria is such a beautiful country!!! All the ancient and medieval and .... all time history is here !         I met a group of tourist from Iraq yesterday :) They've made a photo with me, really nice people :) See u later, take care  J   
1	My iPod arrived yesterday and it's amazing. I mean, other than the cassestte tape walkman I had when I was seven, the occasional using of my Dad's skippy CD player for school trips and the borrrowing of a friend's left earphone from time to time, I haven't had proper portable music. So when I was walking to school this morning listening to Brand New in crisp MP3 quality with no skipping through two earphones, it was like having a culture shock. Everybody who saw it seemed to like it too just looking at it, giving me an odd feeling of metrosexuality and uninteded boastfulness. To summarize: the iPod is severely lovely.  I just remembered I have school stuff to do for tommorow.
0	today was the same day I had yesterday, I returned from work and went straigt to sleep, except for one thing, I saw a girl on the bus, she was so beautiful, I'll admit, she was not someone you'd notice while walking in the street and my eye fell on her excidently, but the beauty I saw when I looked in her eyes was unimaginable, I hate "kusiot" but ohh, how I love women, tehy can sometime bring me to the edge of my mind, pushing my thoughts beyond themselves to a point I cannot think, some say it's hormones but for me, it's love and I love everyone, I also hate everyone, I guess that's why I'm so alone, the world is cruel, people are stupid, they are so so very stupid, and their stupidity I cannot take, but in this girl's eyes radiated something else, she was not pretty but I can say with absolute certenty that she is special, for a second all I thought was that I can spend the rest of my life just looking into her eyes, I did'nt do anything I just can't.
1	Okay, when they announced that Coke was actually bottling tap water and selling it, that was bad.  Coke having to pull Dasani across the entire UK due to having made it more carinogenic than tap water was just horrible.  At least they got an Ig Nobel out of it.   http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/stor y/0,3604,1174127,00.html   In unrelated news, I regained a close friend today!
1	Blah i have too much Friends to look thru... i'll finish tomorrow ~_~ i'm so behind.  In fact i'm really too tired to post much at all even though i have a lot to catch up for...Saturday was 5th mix and nice dinner, Sunday was...*scratches head* oh yeah Laura came over and we watched DVDs, Monday was utter hell of a day at shops, Tuesday was also a bit depressing but i got to play some DDR. Today i was less tired, got to play lots of DDR. And one very important thing!!!!!:      Silent Hill (3rd christmas mix) Single 1x AAA!! YES OMG FINALLY!!!!!!! . And Chris is on to-kill-list for stuffing up the photo =p  I think i'll expand on all said points tomorrow. I'm going to see Sky Captain at 10:15 at the Towers with Chris and Laura & since i'll get a lift in with Mum i better get some sleep.   Turn around Look at what you see In her face The mirror of your dream.... 
0	FUCKIN CUT MY THROAT I WONT CARE!!!SLIT MY WRIST I WILL LAUGH!!! STRANGLE ME I WILL SMILE!!! RIP MY HEART OUT I'LL DIE!!!
0	I really really want this!   http://www.amazon.co.jp/exec/obidos/ASI N/4091852793/ref=sr_aps_b_3/249-4248268-0 484335   Its a sort of a sequel to a manga that I read (which is one of the best that I have come across) it was called 'Monster' and I advise EVERYONE to take a look at it, all 18 volumes can be found on www.mangascreener.com  There's no magical girls, samurais, giant mechs or anything of that sort. It's very real and extremely fun to read.  When I found out that this book has all these extra story tidbits that explain some of what happened in the manga I was excited, but then I notice that its only in Japanese:(:(:(:(:(  I guess I will just have to wait until the same person who translated the manga translates this, until then GO READ THE MANGA, or watch the anime that's being released weekly^_^
1	As a prelude to a real post, I thought I'd mention that I am worth a whole $1,784,744.00, according to www.humanforsale.com... Interesting...  
1	I had my hair done today.  Trim, dye and she was nice enough to flat iron it.  ^-^  After that I went to the comic book shop across the street and I bought the second book to Sin City.  God its awesome!  I love it!  Can't wait to see the movie!  ^^
1	Today was a good day, even if i didn't do enough work =P  I have 50 pgs of Jinpinmei left to read... then i should go through the other edition and also do the supplementary reading. but tomrrow i  will just finish the 50 pgs, re-write my expos ppr, and read for Thursday's eng10ax lecture.  Goals! hurrah!  One of the reasons today was a good day is because I was elected to be the Taiwanese Cultural Society's Social Co-chair.  It'll be a pretty big time committment but it'll also be fun and interesting-- and a way to stay in touch with home.  Also, it's a good way to meet more people.  talking to mommy now. will post later   -jannie
1	In the span of three hours I laughed, I cried and I ate food enough for two or three manatee (I'm assuming they eat a lot, if not forgive me).  Today though, so far, has been better.  wish me luck.
0	This week has sucked royally, and I am now enconsed in the computer lab with   1- Dr. Pepper. 2- Chocolate. 3- Pain reliever that is not Jr. Tylenol and is consequently making my stomach hurt. 4. Tegan and Sara music videos.  4- Star Wars stuff.   In conclusion, George Lucas is fat-- seriously, someone get him off creative crack he's hooked on.  Timothy Zahn loves me and is therefore writing a prequel-era novel, but he still has yet to produce the Luke-and-Mara honeymoon I've been waiting for-- you know, the one where they stupidly decide to investigate Jedi history and get stuck on a planet where they have adventures, complete with Snarky-And-Yet-Soulmate-Type-Love?  Also, Wookies are. The. Shit.  I defy anybody to move me.  Until I have to go catch the train, anyway.  I'll just risk crumbs on the keyboard.
1	Whee, New Year's! I'm so excited! And I can't wait to see Kyo-kun again!  Next year will be the year of the Rooster, so that means Kureno's dancing tonight. And next year, it's Shi-chan's turn. After that,  I'll  get to dance! &lt;3  Rin-chan and I are running a little late this year. I don't think she really wants to go back to the main house.  I'm sure that as soon as she gets there, though, she'll remember how much fun New Year's is!
0	I find myself wondering how dperessed one can get without having one;s heart simply stop beating out fo despair.  I know I shoulldn't be here. I have this incredible feeling that my input in the way thisnworld works is not welcome. I keep expecting bad news no matter where I turn. Something like "Sorry, we canceled your books" or worse.  And of course the elections are coming. I don;lt want to vote for Bush, but I may have no choice, because every vote is going to be counted as a vote for Bush. Hope was outlawed in 2003, and it's only a matter of time before the mind cops come to blow me away.
0	How boring are Sundays?  Today has consisted of me, cleaning my room,, doing some EXTRA research for my media coursework, and then having scotty round for a few hours, watching television. Why did god make Sundays soooo boring? they're not supposed be anymore, but theres just this ' feel' in the air that makes it worthless. I'm going round town on tuesday night for Patons and Mutchy's birthday, should be fun, and thats my week's plan, THAT'S IT! i need a job, i need the money.   GOSSIP&gt;&gt;&gt; Trevor is workin in FACE! i realise that none of you know who Trevor is, but i have to tell someone.   Westlife in just under a month! woo!
1	My mic is working for AIM now!  It goes a lot slower than through Yahoo!, but it's alright, because it actually works. :o.   This makes me happy and excited. I think it was 'cause I had Mic volume on Mute. Couldn't figure out why Yahoo! was working, though...
1	Free drinks! Free food! Good music!  @ TAMBALEO  [302 Bowie St., off 5th] Sunday, November 21st 8:00 pm -- 12:00 am featuring DJ Mel  to celebrate the birthdays of Marisa and Joanna [my coworker]!  I WANT TO SEE EVERYONE I KNOW AND LOVE THAT NIGHT! xoxo
1	I think I am finally breaking out of my block... now, after these two good "art therapy" pieces I think I am ready to finish up my pile of trades.  That should be another weight of my shoulders as well, then perhaps I can finally start a personal project of my own.  A story, a comic, maybe even do some animation again (it's been so long!)... I don't know, we'll see.  This is my roleplaying character, the pirate captain Sarai,  from my friend Kerry's Exalted campaign.     
1	The set is so much cooler now, and the movie was great!  That is all I will say.
0	A guy is riding a motorbike with his girlfriend at about 100 miles per hour (about 180 km/h) Girl: Slow down, I'm scared! Guy: No, it's fun. Girl: Please! I'm too scared. Guy: Then tell me you love me. Girl: OK, I love you. Now slow down! Guy: Now hug me real tight. Girl: *hugs him* Guy: Could you take the helmet off me and put it on your head? I'm a bit fed up with it...  Next morning in the newspaper: A motorcycle crashed into a building due to brake failure. There were two riders, only one survived.  The truth is, halfway through the guy realised that the brakes are broken, but he didn't want the girl to know. Instead he asked her to say she loves him and hug him for the last time. He then got her to take his helmet and put it on so that she could stay alive, even though it meant his death.  If you love somebody that much, copy this text into your LJ or e-mail.
0	so you see that i make posts. what do i look like? according to these images, not so good... sorry. i'm only 5'4". anything between 97 and 100 is just not kind. i've GOT to get below 95!   here    here    here    here 
1	 I QUIT MAH JOB!         and thats all you need to know ^_~       
0	you say soon youll be leaving,  i can already hear the jets singing,  but lets not say good bye,  instead lets just talk with our eyes,  they say more than your mouth ever could,  i know if u could stay here then you would,  but mine scream"theres no way id rather die"  your beautiful eyes break this heart of mine
1	it's back. I'm tired. I almost never realize how much I truly dislike San Jose State until I walk on to campus. All the dirty construction, the crappy buildings, the jerky people just make me sick. I just want to finish this semester and move on with my life. Well enough of this.  On a different note my roommates, Scott and Paige, are having a baby boy. I am super happy for them, and they have yet to decide on a name for the boy. I think Joe is a great name, but I think they have different ideas.
1	You all know how much I love cars.  And how much I hate crappy rice jobs on cars.  I use that to preface the fact that I found the coolest website ever:   http://www.ricecop.com/  Similarly, I quite enjoyed  http://www.beaterz.com/ .  On a totally unrelated note, Ashley comes home tomorrow!!  HOORAY!!
1	im over jordans todays been cool i got 3 fucking packs of smokes all to myself 60 FOR ME ha im having a really good day...me and jordan are about to head out to the mall just waiting for our ride....tomorrow will be one of the best days of my life...as long as things work out....    put the lime in the coke you nut and drink 'em both together...
1	Last night was Presidents Ball 2005, Even though I did not have a date I really enjoyed it and had a lot of fun overall.  It was a great time.  Had fun with friends, good food, and some  nice  dancing.  I even got to dance with Lindsay, who I am thinking about asking out, since I think she just went to the dance with a friend not her boyfriend.  Overall I really enjoyed it.  I will most likely miss next year's P-ball since I am hopefully studying abroad for spring semester in scotland, at Stirling University.      Here is one of me and Lindsay    Here is one with my friends Kemi and Matt, with me in the middle.  I think this might be the best photo of me from last night.    Here is a group picture of my friends before we all headed up to International Market Square for P-Ball  
1	Me:  Health Care Administration.  This is Trista. Caller:  I have tinnitis. Me:  Tinnitis? Caller:  Yes, you know, ringing in the ear.  Oh, here it goes again.  *Blue Oyster Cult*  Me:  Oh. My. God.  I need more cowbell!  Really explore the space!   * * *   That one's paraphrased.  It was actually even funnier, but I am still in hysterics over the cowbell and didn't get the whole thing down.  Also, yay for new slippers!   * * *   You people do realize that I am now forced to take every single loonball caller seriously, don't you?  Because the one time that I don't will be the one time it isn't actually one of the FriendBots.
0	norma and rachel r over playin cards.im bored and sad.idk y though.out
1	I am done! Done! Done! Finito! Finished! Done!  In case you couldn't tell. . . I'm done!  My two years of hell-esque school and work is done!  Done!  Done!  No more trekking to RPI at midday. No more getting home at 5 and having to start homework.  No more dreading Sundays b/c they need to be spent doing homework.  For the first time in 18 years, I am done with school!  And damn, it feels good.  (It also feels good to no longer be the least-educated person in my family.)
0	every one wants to know what wrong w/ me, but i dont even know. I put my self distant from a lot of people for reasons. I need to find out whats wrong w/ me b4 I can answer the question "whats wrong?"  ::sighs:: Emi =v.v=  PS. I feel that someone, I dont want knowing about this journal, knows about it. so Im making it friends only!  Comment if you want to be added.
1	last night was so refreshing. adria and i talked for hours. she's been under a lot of stress at work lately so i just wanted her to have a nice quiet evening at home. i made dinner for her for the first time (aside from my famous grilled cheese!). i decided to make her favorite: Olive Garden Fettucini Alfredo. mmmmmmmm it was sooooo good! although i feel the butter just running through my veins! we worked a lot of things out that we hadn't had a chance to talk about... things still always seem to somehow come together with her even at the most distant times. i can't imagine being without her. she completes me.
1	        Louis Vuitton             100%       Abercrombie & Fitch             92%       Diesel             92%       Anna Sui             83%       Dior             58%       Burberry             33%       Gucci             33%       Tommy Hilfiger             33%       DKNY             17%       Chanel             8%        What Designer Brand Are You?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	I'm sick of being told how I should make myself happy. It only works that way to a certain point. I can poke and nudge people as much as I want, but after a point they have to take a step for themselves. Everything is not my responsibility and I'm sick of pretending like it is. I really wish I would get a nice surprise in a way that actually mattered for once in my life. In one way or another, I have been forgotten, replaced, or given up on by almost everyone in my life. And that sucks. I'm not angry so much as just sad. I just honestly wish that someone else would try, even if it's only a little bit.
1	So, have you ever been around a pregnant lady when she is having contractions? Jeanne at work today was having contractions all day, about ten minutes apart. So it will be interesting to see if she shows up tomorrow, I hope everything goes well for her. I have never been around a pregnant woman during contractions, I mean I am the youngest. Oh this is so exciting! It does, however, put my life into rather harsh perspective, because what the hell am I doing? I can't even get guys to say hi to me, much less have a kid with one! God I have issues! I was so full after dinner, then I ran 3.5 miles, now I feel horrible! Anyways....
1	Hey!! yay im so happy its srping break!! no school tomorrow!!  i just got back from the movies w/ hailey and megan!! it was fun we saw the Ring 2!!! its very scary!! this weekend i went to nashville w/ my mom and we went shopping! i didnt get that much, but it was still tons of fun! i got back today and i am very tired!!!! so tomorrow and the rest of the week i will probaly be hanging out w/ Hailey and Megan!! we always have fun together!! anyway i must go!!  ~comment~
1	yesterday after work i went to a mini concert it was pretty cool got to see, for the first time, the weekend and they are very neato ummmmmm..... tonight is tacking back sunday/jimmy eat world i'm hoping to have a grrreeaatt time at kohls i got a pair of jeans and a shirt for $25 that's cool none of my clothes fit me anymore time for some new and smaller things well i'm off to tan then to ray's ......*sighs*....... i love him
0	I've turned up at uni in a good mood, ready to work on my essay - and the library's closed.  Oops. Somebody forgot about Easter Tuesday...  Easter Weekend was good, but work was busy.  I am going for grading on the 9th April :) Wish me luck.
1	Last night i found out I am being awarded the other japanese scholarship i applied for.  It $3000! and combined with the other one I was awared, The Japan Trip is Free!!!  This means i get all the money I saved back.  This is so amazing.  I was so happy that I had saved up the money to pay myself and now i get it back.  What's more is, I don't have to work for the month of July, which means i can spend that editing my book and playing video games.  That's so exciting.  In other news, Fiddler is next week.  I'm excited for it to be over.  It hasn't been the most enjoyable play to work on.  Wet tech is Sunday so we're there from noon to midnight.  I don't mind though since i will work on my book for the most part.  I've cut it done by a huge amount again.  I am 100% the third draft will be ready by the end of April to send to a few people to edit.  I am just so happy.    Question of the Day  What should i do with the money I'm getting back?
0	tomorrow i'm going to ohio to de pixies show and to meet up with scott, who's been in memphis for the past two weeks working a crappy job for a friend and regretting it. so he's probably moving to portland in a week, and meanwhile two weeks that he could've been here spending time with me he was working a crappy job (by choice)that he hated.   oh well. can't take that time back now anyway.  but, the other night he did send me this email, out of the blue, that includes an apology for everything he thinks he's ever done wrong in our relationship. it ranged from really broad but important stuff to tiny things like apologizing for freaking out at the car rental place in california. it was really thoughtful.  also, i drove on the highway for the FIRST time yesterday. i actually only went on it for about 10 seconds before i freaked out and got off. i think i'll have to work up to that. otherwise driving around ann arbor went really well.
0	FinishingDreams: ill roll up one day in a brand new cobra droppin 20's all over the street FinishingDreams: then they'll love me
1	OK, So I'm back from the National Aquarium. Went with Nick and Jodi (sp?). Spent about two and a half hours walking through the aquarium checking out the fish, birds, amphibians, and other assorted animals. Had quite an excellent time, though I was getting a bit tired and hungry by the time we approached the end of our touring of the museum. We stopped by Uno's to get dinner, which was acceptable, but not fantastic. Much fun was had by all :-)  Cut follows with both image and video content for your enjoyment.        intersting fish      extremely cool leafy seadragon      another extremely cool seadragon      seahorses      misc aquatic life      more misc aquatic life   And today, we also have movies :-)     An interview with the illustrious james fish     Random tropical fish     A leafy seadragon in action     A crazy puffin      Wow, that's a crazy amount of content compared to the usual.  
1	I wanted to pack shorts for camping, so I had to frantically search through the CLOTHES TO GIVE AWAY pile.  I finally found a pair that I outgrew last summer, post GHP-weight gain.   Not only  do they fit* again...but I found two dollars in the pocket.  And that was the highlight of my day.  ++++  Other than the iced soy latté I had at Caribou.  +++  I am going camping tomorrow with Jon, Monica, Ellen, and Amelia!  Yay!!  ++  *so, like, if you're interested in losing weight, go vegan.  i do not--repeat-- do not  exercise, and i've lost about 8 pounds this month.
1	    &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    vampires are love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator                &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;    books are love     brought to you by the  isLove Generator        Yea, I  love  my results
1	Walked into work today, and Annette basically jumped me about working this summer.  She said she talked with Ron and the concensus is: I turn in an application, letter of interest, or resume (basically  any  paper that  seems  official) and I have a job. Called home - they'll give me the new car to stay. So benefits are: I can choose outdoor/indoor labor I stay here, and DON'T turn into Nick Possibly get to visit Katie, Katie, Mathson, and Pham a bunch (yea for three day weekends)  Costs: Have to learn to be self-sufficient Won't have the lifeguard tan Have to find a place to live   What do all y'all think?
0	Just forget i ever existed u dont need me, u dont want me.
1	It's been a loong time  since I updated. Sorry for holding you cats in suspense, but there's a lot going on right now...    Some I'll update about ...well... later, but as for now...      MAD PROPS TO ME GRANDPA, who turns 80 today. Happy Birthday
1	Back in November i did some work with Drac in a Box (      carmillavoiez   ). I photographed there new lolita line of clothing and worked with three lovely models       lolitarose   ,       ulorin_vex    &       goth_amalthea   .   All the items are now available to buy and are up on the  Drac In a Box  website.                               
0	What a disappointment... I mean Paul McCartney, yeah the Beatles are cool but most of them are dead soo... yeah. They could have had at least more than one performer... like Outkast or something cool like that, maybe Jesse McCartney or Ryan Cabrera. That would have made it interesting... anyways I bet the Patriots will win... I love Terrell Owens though, he has a beautiful crib.
1	I knoe i havent written in a lonnng time but everytime i go this stupid comp. frezzes lol..hopefully it wont freeze now...well last nite i went to see Pearl Harbor..n boy was it good..especially Ben Afleck(spelt rong i knoe lol)n Josh Hartnett(spelt rong lol)..it was really good i suggest u go see it..well i better get goin now b4 it frezzes on me bye bye bye Ps Pop Rox 9 Dayz till i see *N SYNC 59 Dayz till Celebrity comez out (o';'o)
0	Fuck this fucking town. Tonight. Any night.  Well, that definitley didn't turn out as I thought.   ..even Steven Pedersen can't make me feel better. but why do I even feel sad?    Blahhhhhhhhhhhhh.
1	I know it's not really relevant here (delete if you like, o all-powerful moderator) but don't you just love it when people make amusing predictive text errors? I mean, for example, when they accidentally don't change the word to the one they want.  I got one today saying that my friend wouldn't come and pick something up today because she was "in her bath road," and my girlfriend's mother always signs off her texts "love nun."   It amuses me :)
0	Sad days. I've finally allowed myself to fully face the truth. I'm coming to accept it, painful as it might be. Even though...
1	Today, I spent my time over my favorite person's house (Jes). Jes, Kayla and me hung out in her room. I played a little guitar. Then i stopped after making an idiot out of myself. I had a heart attack. INSIDE JOKE. Then we started watching Harry Potter, but we didnt finish it. Next time I see her we are going to finish the movie. Yesterday I went to the beach and skimboarded all day. Then I took a walk down the beach. Then I took a nap. I love Jes ;)
0	I just learned that Jerry Orbach died of prostate cancer at the age of 69. :( My thoughts and prayers go to him and those who loved him.     Well, this now seems so unimportant, but since I already wrote it offline I might as well post it.  Lucky for me, there was Caleb/Rafe interaction today on  Port Charles .  I always love those scenes.  Michael Easton and Brian Gaskill play so well off each other, and on a superficial note, staring at the two of them isn't such a drag, either. ;)  I saw  First Wives Club  for the first time last night (or really, between two and four am this morning).  It was wonderful!  Made me a little scared about marriage (though I wasn't exactly sold on ever getting married before, anyway), but it was still a really good movie.  Of course, seeing Sarah Jessica Parker, Elizabeth Berkley, Stephen Collins, Bronson Pinchot, and, especially, Victor Garber was also a trip.
1	Ok, I'm all packed up and ready to hit the road again.  This time it's Anime Boston where I'll do the usual ADV panel as well as a State of the Industry and ADR Directing panels.  Of course there will be the usual dvd and manga give aways and some fun stuff with the Anime Network and all the other usual con fun.  Of course Suck Bunny will be there, I have to say that, it's in his contract.  See everyone there!  Oh, and I finished recording for volume 1 of Aquarian Age, volume 2 when I return.
0	so fucking pissed off at myself and the world and everything at the moment!!! i am not writthing in this diary any more because i cannot post any positive thing or news anymore. maybe it's my mistake, i leave people control my life too much. i should be more straight foreword, even more than i am. this is how it is, i can't play games with people. i had to hurt some one today. i hate myself for this but it's not my fault or maybe i am naive and didn't see it earlier so i could prevent further damage but i was so caught up in my other problems with my job and health that i didn't notice what i was getting involved into. i feel so drained, so tired, so miserable. it shouldn't be a big deal but it is somehow affecting me. my heart is pounding and my breathing is fastened, my hands are icy cold and my forehead is burning hot.   feeling better now.  my dad is online, i haven't talked to him for ages. all he does is complain or tell me how much he loves me :-) oh, well i am giving up LOL
1	hey everyone just a quick entry before i get logged off... london has been great and i want to come back tomorrow we are taking the eurostar superfast chunnel train to paris!! oh man im scared..first non english speaking place. im sure we will be okay tho. oh and a shoutout to my dearest angela for her job working on her first feature film!!! i love you girly and i miss you oh and if you want a postcard from me, let me know, leave your address and ill try and hook you up ;) -becca xxoxoo
0	  "Ya... well, watch this!"      &nbsp;&nbsp;  ...       "Thats Mine Stupid..."      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -Adam      yup.... good times  
1	I'm about to start on the final eps of DNAngel and about all I can say is... WOW!!  This series is really good!  I love how it all came together in the end.  I can't wait to torture the voice actors with these episodes. :)  Hey, what can I say, I'm a director and it's one of the few pleasures we're allowed.  I'm almost done with cons for the year, just one left.  I'll be a  Tsubasa Con  so if you are in the area pop by and say hello.  Things have calmed down a bit for me so I'll be posting some backlog of pics and things to pass the time.  Of course it's not like I don't have work to keep me busy, besides wrapping up DNAngel dubbing (btw, volume 1 is out now so go buy it :) ), I have to begin getting ready for my next show at the same time.  But I'm not as swamped as I was in the past so I can catch up on things here.  Hope everyone has been having as much fun as I have... ^_^  (Did I say how much I LOVED the last few eps of DNAngel???  ^_~ )
0	After carefully unplugging all the internal components of my old computer so I could slot in a new, silent, power supply, I discovered that it has a gratuitous plastic bump just where the computer case has a gratuitous metal flange, and so it will not fit in.  Thus it is my bedroom floor is now invisible under the vomited-out guts of my desktop/server until I can decide which gratuitous bump gets filed off.  Meanwhile the replacement server has arrived, and is in a box by my desk at work.  Unfortunately I have no idea of how to get it home.
1	Na na na, na na na, he's alive! That was the day my dead pet returned to save my life!  Alice Cooper, everybody!  Hehehe, yeah, definately back...      &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;     Anti-choice is misogyny.       Just a little something I saw and liked ^_^  Anyway, until further notice, I'll actually be posting more, and I'm serious.  I find myself in a pretty good mood!
1	Just like to say that I had a really nice weekend :)  So thanks to those that i saw :)  Also, this is a cool album.   Alkaline Trio - Good Mourning 
1	1) ms grant assigned me to make the video for bye bye birdie.  its the opening of the musical, where you see tight shots of conrad and lots of girls screaming and crying.  its filmed in b&w and is supposed to be like a beatles montage.  i cant wait for it to show in front of an audience...my first real audience...so damn cool.  2)   Dear Emma:  Congratulations! On behalf of the Admission Committee and the faculty, I am pleased to offer you admission to the Roy H. Park School of Communications for undergraduate study in Cinema and Photography beginning in the fall 2005 semester.  Clearly you have much to offer the Ithaca College community and we are delighted to extend to you admission to the College.   weeeeeeeeeeeeee! so, damien, worse comes to worse i'll still be in NY with you :)
0	1. I noticed just now as I was checking my email and noticed that I am now using 2% of my 2050MB. That's new! Did anyone know that Gmail upped the storage to 2GB? The last time I remember noticing that, it was only 1GB. Cool!  2. On a more somber note, as I was driving around on Thursday, I heard that Mitch Hedburg had died. If you haven't heard of him, well, neither had I until I bought my Sirius radio last year. Mitch is a comedian and his stuff was on the comedy channel pretty regularly. He's really quite funny, but his humor is kind of different. He'll say something like: "An escalator can never break. It can only turn into stairs. Instead of seeing a 'Sorry for the Invenience' sign, it would have to say 'Sorry for the Convenience, the Escalator is no stairs.'" That, of course, isn't a direct quote, and it's much funnier when he says it, but you get the idea. Anyways, he died recently, but hopefully his legacy will bring a smile to a few folks around the world.
1	Forgot to mention this!  Speak Out for Change. A community event opposing the agenda and policies of Bush & Co. End the war on Iraq and change U.S. foreign & domestic policies to support humanity, social & economic justice, the environment, peace.  1:15pm West Wind band;  2pm Program with music, poetry, speakers.  5pm Closing.   North Steps State Capitol (11th & L), Sacramento. 916-448-7157; sypeaceact@jps.net.  Come with me? :)
0	AHHHHHHHHKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!     GGGGGGGGGRRRRRRRRR!!!! i wanna cry i just called Charlie, and he was REALLY upset about somethin... i asked him wut was wrong and he said not to worry about it and i was like CHARLIE... adn he said that he would "tell me later".... but he never talks to me so when later.......   Im gonna cry i miss bein friends with him i miss him sooooooooo much...... i really do i just miss him      Mind -Lady Dark Angel Scream for mercy-  Scream for pain  Scream in horror- Screams contained- Scream for your-dreams- Scream for your blood- Scream for the knife- In your heart it dug- Scream in agony- Or yell instead- But it doesn't matter- Your already dead- Your blood ran cold- The instant it struck- The stab to your back- Now your 'dead' out of luck- Goodbye my query- You wouldn't die quick- You started to struggle- And felt every hit- Why didn't you give up?- When I drove the knife in- How could you fight?- Why didn't you give in?
0	Well today we spent time at the grandparents houses.  They were doing well and the kids were glad to see them.  We had one incident though.  The youngest brother hit his older brother in the back with a hockey stick on purpose.  He was angry because he was being beaten in hockey by his older brother.  He is going to have to learn that hitting people sometimes is not the answer.  Things with the wife are somewhat the same.  She had a panic episode at night, but she did have a good day with the family.  I feel that she is still somewhat in denile and has incidents where I feel is destructive to our relationship.  I still so love her but I am getting to the point that if she is happy without me in her life, then so be it.  I hope and pray that it never comes to this, but if it does, then I am content with this.
1	Right now life is really good. I don't know why. ya ya! I know, I bet I'll be complaining about something in about a week. But right now life is so so good. I go my homecoming dress(es)... Ok so I got three cause I can't chose. I want all of you to help me, so IM me (locomotivehearts) and you can see pix of them!  What else is new... I have an A in ever class except for english,  which is a surprise since it's my best subject,  but I keep getting A's so I'm pretty sure it's going up! Woot  I'm just pretty content. I did get left out of this mini Arrowbear reunion, but I guess no one could "get a hold of me" I doubt that...gosh I'm so cynical I love it.  I hope everyone else's life is going well. I love everyone here.   *Helppp mee with my dresssses!*  &lt;3 &lt;3 
1	Homecoming is over and was fun. Some of us were gonna go to Prater's Mill but it was raining so we didn't go. Some of us are going to the Haunted Canverns tonight at Ruby Falls and I'll admit, I'm terrified, only because of the elevator that takes you 260 ft under ground. But I rode an elevator that went up 110 flights. So, I'm going and I'm scurred. lol.
1	So Cass and I visited my folks and we got snowed in.  I can't say That I minded. . . at all.  It was a great weekend, maybe even better then that.  We didn't plan on staying so we didn't bring any fresh clothes, so I know I was feeling grubby as all hell.  Cass washed her underwear in the sink.  I didn't bother.  We also had to wear my sisters P.J.'s  which looked fantastic on me.  We pretty much just lounged around on the couch or played board games with my dad and sis.  It was one of the most relaxing weekends I've had in a long time.  Plus my mom made fresh bread and my sis made breakfest two mornings in a row.  Cha-Ching!  I pretty frickin happy right now.
0	things seem so different...just one more day...thats all i ask
0	okay so snow day was a bust my mom made me study the whole entire day..grr...finals suck i mean they are sooo annoying and life sucks...and well everything suck i just hate everything in my life and i mean everything. God, and this one person, no names, is bugging the crap out of me..its like i want to yell SHUT UP really loud to them and make them go away....only for a little while. Okay so i'm done ranting and i'm just listening to hindi music and really just checking up on my spoilers i mean my life revolves around the show's i watch. I eat before them if i'm doing anything i drop it imediately and go watch. Even hanging out with my friend ( on the rare occasions when i do that) i sometimes schedule around them. Yes sad but true...i haven't written in a while. Well today was a boring usual day nothing really happened....to me. Okay so that's it ....bye
0	I lost my friend this week to one of those OLD LADY 87 drivers Tim was only 34 and was married for only 1 year Don & I are so sad we loved Tim as if he was one of ours. If I get to old to drive I'll stop I won't wait to kill someone. And she don't even knows she killed  Tim  Stop driveing you old lady.
1	Just had one of the funniest double-takes. I caught a glimpse of a poster, dismissed it, re-thought it, turned around, was hit by a door, and almost fell over.   I hate MTV, but they're coming to campus on April 19th...  and bringing  Muse  .   ::hyperventilates and taps foot and waits impatiently to leave work early to go storm Jorgensen and find out when tickets go on sale::   hey, who wants to come with? bueller? 
1	I'm going to see Green Day in September at SBC park!!!! Anne, my...well, I'm not really sure what to call her. I guess she's my friend, even though she's in her fifties. Anyway, she's going to get me tickets and I'm reaaaaaaaaally excited.   Is it crazy to take AP bio, history, English, and Spanish next year? I need some guidance.
1	New Years: Jammed at the Bugjar, saw dope people, did cool drugs, heard incredible live music (Gaylord and Yer mom), headed home about 7am. Woke up about 7pm, spent my last 20 dollars on The Wailers concert, smoked with some cool ass people and now I'm trying to go see the Ol' family in Syracuse. Maybe I'll sleep in the car? Happy New DAY!!!!!!
0	 Now that Lindsey Cardinale is no longer on  American Idol , what&#8217;s the point of watching it? She was arguably the most beautiful woman I&#8217;ve ever seen, with a look, a name, a voice, and a demeanor matched only by a few. I&#8217;d like to marry her.  But she lost, and my interest in American Idol went with her. I&#8217;m surprised people voted for the fat ass over her! Hopefully, Constantine will renew my faith in humanity by winning the popularity contest.  I should have voted. Now I&#8217;m no better than the unreliable youths who the Democrats thought would guarantee them a landslide victory.  I&#8217;ll just watch more of  House  and  Wife Swap . 
1	When was the last time you popped "Rhythm of the Pridelands" into your car's CD player and listened to it at a good loud level to drown out a lot of the noise around you?  It's been ages, listened to it on the way home today and it washed away the days stress.  Do it, you will feel a lot better when you get home
1	well this is the first update since the holidays... so how is everyone? (I worry about how everyone is when I don't get to check.)  Oh! thanks for the card gab! I love it!  hmm... I guess the only other thing I have to say is I miss you all and I'll update later.  (did this from the library....no internet at home anymore.)
0	Oh god...I go from one hair accident right into another.  I went and got my hair done at Studio One yesterday.  She had to strip my hair and then she dyed over it....now it looks like the color of a reddish straw, not of the dirty blondish sorta color I am naturally.  I came in wanting to get my hair to look  natural  and I feel so  un natural.  Tomorrow I have a mass at 9:30 but I have to get up at like 8am cause its all the way out in Milbrook.  Ill hopefully get back by noon and ill be able to go over to the hair salon (maybe with Jay to support me) and see what she can do for me.  And then I have friggin play rehearsal from 6-8 in the evening.    I told you that it would be one bad weekend into a bad week into another bad weekend.  WHEN WILL IT END?!?!  I don't want anymore drama going on inside my head or in my affairs!!!  I just want to relax and nothing has let me do that!  Spring Break....I hope you can save this poor girl and make her feel normal again
1	So my best friend is home now and i have so missed her all summer long. She is awesome. Haven't seen her yet but i will! :) Lets see i had a family dinner tonight which was fun. I baked an apple pie and everyone says its soo soo soo good! :) I am sitting here  board and tired. Although tired could be a good thing. But who knows what things or life may bring. Life can be full of mysterious things. :) Have physical therapy tomorrow and then doctors appointment on wed and then back to physical therapy on thursday. All in all i am board. But you know that is ok too. I am working on that whole job thing and its taking me a bit of time but i might get that job at the bakery which i am very excited for! So who knows what life may bring!
1	          You scored as  alternative . You're partially respected for being an individual in a conformist world yet others take you as a radical. You have no place in society because you choose not to belong there - you're the luckiest of them all, even if your parents are completely ashamed of you. Just don't take drugs ok?       alternative             88%       Upper middle Class             83%       Middle Class             79%       Luxurious Upper Class             58%       Lower Class             50%        What Social Status are you?   created with  QuizFarm.com       I am 77.5% British, just like  Michael Caine  Though you know your way around London you are most likely to retire to the West Coast of the USA.  Take the Brit Quiz at  darrenlondon.tripod.com/britquiz1.htm   Quiz written by Daz       daz71      w00t.
1	Tunxis is letting me graduate!!! I totally didn't expect to be able to! I'm a little worried because everything is going so well for me...maybe I'm just paranoid but I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop. Hopefully it's just God blessing me like crazy. Man am I relieved.
1	HAVENT SAID ANYTHING IN A WHILE... WELL HERE ARE THE HIGHLIGHTS- 1)GOT WINDOWS FOR MY CAR, A STEREO FOR MY CAR, AND AN AMP FOR MY GUITAR FOR X MAS 2)FRIENDS CHEERED ME UP ON X MAS, THANX FOR EVERYONE I TALKED TO ON THE PHONE 3)FOUND THREADGILLS 4)FILLED THE KEG 5)DRANK AT LIZA'S WAY TO EARLY ON NEW YEARS 6)SAW THE SWEATHEARTS AT SOME PARTY 7)PASSED OUT AT THE PARTY, WOKE UP AT LIKE 3 AND DRANK MORE KEGNESS 8)SMASHED UP THE LEXUS DEALERSHIP  ASIDE FROM THAT HAD TO PAWN MY AMP DVD'S AND DVD RECORDER TO MAKE RENT, SOMEONE SMASHED MY WINDOW AND STOLE MY STEREO, AND MY CAR BROKE DOWN. BOO HOO HOO! HAHAHA. JUST BEEN CHILLIN WORKIN AND LIVIN. BEEN PRETTY HOMESICK LATELY SO I  AM EXCITED TO BE GOING HOME ON SATURDAY. BEEN A LITTLE POOPIE ANT NIGHT , OR MY NIGHT WHICH IS DAY. ANYWAY NOT MUCH TO SAY JUST BORED BUMED AND BEAUTIFUL. LOVELY, PRETTY IN PUNK
1	my most fantastic friend sarah, whom i have recently posted about just getting back from indonesia, now has a livejournal...she is&nbsp;      nona_sarah    .&nbsp; yay!&nbsp; i love you miss s.&nbsp; ;)
1	   Happy Birthday       wm_law2003    !!! &nbsp;&nbsp;   May it be wonderful.      &nbsp;     P.S. You're not old.  
1	this is good.  i can feel it.  :)  unfortunatly skepticism is overflowing as of this point.  i'm working hard to be open and allow myself to trust..and when i'm in the moment it's not even an issue...but when i leave and the touch wears off i start to worry.  stupid past that makes me be so afraid.
0	At times like this, I wonder how people have any faith at all.  In the world.  In their government.  In their God.  So much optimism, and then?   Israeli police: Four dead in Tel Aviv bombing   It's unfathomable.
1	In my other journal i just updated meant to put excited not ditzy as my mood lol
1	I am undubuitably excited...I really don't know what that word means but I'm going for really really really excited.  I just found the tickets for the One Tree Hill Tour, on my fridge.. which means my lazy mother or father bought the tickets, didn't make me pay for them, and I'm so going!!! This is so exciting it is beyond words.  I'm just hoping there will be more of the cast there, besides Haley and that jerko Chris...I'm praying for Nathan and Lucas!! Oh and Peyton!! she's my favorite.  Okay well I'm excited!! Its on sun march 20 @7:30...so if you need to reach me then...sorry!!
0	If you sms me & I never reply, it means i'm upset.  Do not worry if that happens because I will soon recover & replied you.  If you call me & can't get through, it means I do not wish to speak to anyone.  Fret not, cos I will soon recover & call you back.
1	this evening i go with my parents to fetch the c-monster from the airport. i'm excited to see her, but at the same time, i'm almost scared to. she says she has lost much weight from the illness and it's not like she had any to spare. i hope she doesn't look too bad off.
1	Hi from Miami, will meet a qualifyer in first round. Will be a tough one, I'm sure. No match will be easy for me in the next weeks. But I'm looking forward to it. :-)  Greetz, Stef :-)
1	I have applied to 13 school districts so far!  Those districts follow along with the city they're in (in case you don't know where these places are):  Spring Branch - Houston Clear Creek - League City (near Houston) Pearland (near Houston) La Porte (near Houston) Fort Bend - Sugar Land (near Houston) Plano (near Dallas) Highland Park - Dallas Alamo Heights - San Antonio Cypress-Fairbanks - Houston Humble (near Houston) Katy (near Houston) Alief - Houston Dickinson (near Houston)  I have a stack of stuff to mail out.  I'm getting excited except I have more to apply to (since my advisor said to apply to 25-30), and I have to start preparing for the first job fair, which will be on March 20 in Plano.  Wish me luck!
1	Yay me!!!!!!  I started this Tuesday at PMC.  I will be a Customer Service Rep for the comapny that sells CortiSlim.  They sell other stuff too, but CortiSlim is their big seller.  I am finaly getting paid so I can move.  I hope to move by October 1.  I just wanted to update and spread the good news.  I hope everyone has a GREAT weekend.
0	 It has been quite the random sick day - but hey lets face it, it is always a sick day with me. ( I've been sick since the 4th grade). Caught wesley's cold and he wont even come over here and cuddle with me which kinda bums me out - makes me wonder why I didnt pick a boyfriend who was more "touchy feely".     the whole rest of the entry I had written made me sound like a loser.... so here are the pics I've been a slacker and forgotten to    .....         Pril and I are no joke at these writing sessions so I title it - "nojoke" with no space and no caps for silent concentration and artistic thought         The table at node that no person evvvvvvvvver deserves to sit at    &nbsp;         Shopping with wesley (seriously I'm in the cart) to make some quality Vegetarian food mmmmmmmmmm    &nbsp;    &nbsp; 
0	      we will miss the man who carried the weight of the world. 
1	does anyone remember how crazy I was about the whole my sisters not being married thing?  Well!  Cortney and Kevin are getting married!!!!!  They were on the fairest wheel in Chicago... I don't know if you realize how hight this fucker is but it is fucking high... and kevin asked her on the top.  cortney came to pick up my brother and I from work and told me to take off her glove.  well it is a gem... good lord!  anyway, I screamed and hugged kevin first then cortney (she seemed a little annoyed by that, what ever!) then when ross found out he said "No fucking way."  we got very drunk and made cort and kev dance at a jazz club.  it was great.  Miss you all but am very happy right now. Heather
0	so today is bid day. but guess who didnt get one? yep thats me! i only wanted one sorority and they didnt pick me. they could only chose 7 girls so i dunno. its all a popularity contest which in a way makes me feel even worse. i still have the chance for informal later tonite or this week. but it still wont be the same in a way. hmmm...
1	If there isnt a snow day someone will pay! Neptune & Smart schools have off!! -.-
1	Happiest of Birthdays to       _bettina_    Hope the day is wonderful for you with something sparkly and naughty for you tonight.       Lance is admiring the Fine Kirkpatrick Ass, and why shouldn't he *g*    and now Chris checks out the Bass Ass, maybe thinking of giving it a little pinch.    here Lance wants to either give Chris a relaxing massage or push him in the pool and see him wet. huh, you decide.           i_kare   , thank you for the e-card, it was adorable. *hugs*  And thanks for the holiday cards to       nothinggold   (aw, the little kitty)       marrymehowie          babyjcoctober    (the MF JC postcard, you rock!)       bigguns23          kaycee_a          adelete    (the postcard is so cute)       lunkidunk          megansync    (you and Ryan, so adorable)Thank you all for the lovely cards. They are displayed on my computer desk and it makes me smile everytime I look at them.
1	It is Sarra's birthday. I was at her party. It was fun. I enjoyed myself.  I wrote my column. And all my shopping is pretty much done, unless I get MORE for Dad, Darrell etc....But I have at least one thing for everyone. Which is good. So...horray. :-D  Jill wrapped a lot of presents for me. And packed for my trip.   Jill and I opened up each other's gifts. She got me PERFECT persents. She's awesome.  I can't belive I have to spent TWO WHOLE WEEKS without her. I am going to miss her so much. I am just so used to having her around. We exchanged journals. We are going to write to each other while we are apart (dorky, but soooooooooooooooooo cute!).   MERRY CHRISTMAS, EVERYONE...AND HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!  All my love and best wishes for 2005. I'll see you all soon. Take care.  I leave for Kelowna today...early in the morning...So I should go to bed.
1	drunk again.  this time worse that last.  I really dont like the consequences of getting blitzed on weeknites but here I am.  got off work early  tonite and thought  Id stop by a bar for a few.  Well the bar just happened to be a strip bar and a few turned out to be more.  Ive got to fly tomorrow and that is a good thing only if I wake up in time.  I dont normally get hangovers and Im sure I wont get one tomorrow.  Oh yeah, how could I forget, there is no chance Ill sleep in tomorrow, we are getting the roof redone and roofers start working at about 9 am.  That sucks...
1	How happy am I?! Haven't taken painkillers in 9 years in fear that I will have an allergic reaction like i did last time i took them (eyes go MASSIVE!), wasn't sure exactly what I was allergic to...well my knee is so painful i thought fuck it and took some paracetamol, no reaction at all! Have made me well drowsy but thats a normal side effect! WOOOWOOOO no more suffering lol
1	whoop whoop, im so excited its a verizon wireless phone but its  a Samsung sch a670 camera phone, i love it, and the best part was that my mommy was able to buy one too but turns out hers will be free with the rebate so my phone really only cost $75. who knew my birthday fun would start this weekend? I'm going to go play with my phone now. I want to scream im so happy.  Val  ps. i have the internet too only for $15 a month. coolness!
0	People are silly.  Sucks to be them.  Sorry to the rest of you.
0	Well, Man Utd are out of the champions league...damn good game though...at least they beat Real...  Got told that two departments want me at work today, so looks like I have my pick of jobs...I don't think I will be going back to uni anymore...I have a good job, that I enjoy, plus in a cool band....Maybe in a few years time I will go back, who knows? Everyones desire for education burns out at some point...for the moment, I just wanna play guitar..:)
1	My name is Shawna and I am offically addicted to Real Life.  I am hoping to get this community back up and running by advertising, so if all you Real Life fans could post in your own journals about it, that would be great!!!  Hopefully we can get as big as the Megatokyo journal!
0	It's been a week now and I've done pretty much literally nothing at all. Most of my active time is spent lying on my bed sighing and hoping I don't have a heart attack. Sometimes I've gone for walks and picked blackberries.  I was very pleased to receive a pretty letter from my beloved Susie today. I don't know when the last time I received a personal letter was. But I think there's a good chance it was also from Susie. She's about my only contact with life now. Love you, sweetie, if you happen to be reading this.  Disappointing that the bluebell now seems to be  Hyacinthoides non-scripta . Its former name  Endymion non-scripta  was so much more elegant.  Non-scripta  supposedly because ancient writers hadn't described it. Or  non-scriptus .
1	If there is someone on your friends list you would like to take, strip naked, tie them to a bed post, lick them until they scream, then fuck them until both of you are senseless and unable to fuck anymore, then wait about five minutes and do it all over again, then post this exact sentence in YOUR journal  Oh Yeah.....
1	Dan and I have been feeling very bored lately, but not sure how to fix it. His computer is on the fritz and we need to invest in a new one, soon, but have been wanting to hold-off til summer because of the cost. We came up with a compromise and bought an X-box. We will both be entertained, and the fact that his computer blows right now won't matter because he won't need it to play online games.  So far we bought Halo 2 and Riddick - Escape From Butcher Bay. We ended up having a Halo 2 marathon session - we played almost non-stop from 6pm until 1am. It was a lot of fun. It's a great game, my only problem is that this is my first time to play a first person shooter game (yes, first time EVER) so my aim isn't very good and I tend to get stuck in corners. We've had it on two player mode so we can both play and Dan can save my ass as needed.  If you haven't played it yet  - go do so!   Now to test out Riddick.
1	I'm  very  excited about the imminent flight of Spaceship One!  If you'd told me twenty years ago that by four years into the next century, private spaceflight wouldn't be a common occurence, I'd have labelled you as a luddite and moreover, daft.  And yet here I am going grey, feeling a bit creaky and the world is still waiting for the first non-governmental, sub-orbital manned flight! It's a scandal.  All my hopes and wishes go with Mike Melville and his support crew this afternoon.  Ad Astra, Mike!
1	My life is nothing but wonderful since Fal came back. Everything seems so much better when you're not alone.  And this time I'm not going to be so stupid, and let him go again. And I'll do anything to make sure he never ever wants to leave me again.  In other news, winter is drawing near. A hard winter  they say, but it's also the winter when I'll finally come of age! I hope that will make my life a bit less complicated though I'm not sure if Lord Glorfindel will still want me to become his esquire  now  that I'm with Fal again... But I can worry about such things another time, I'm too happy to really worry about anything anyway.  Love really is a wonderful thing (not to mention the sex! :D )
1	YIKES! IT'S HERE! The show snuck up on me. It didn't even dawn on me that I have a show tonight until this morning when I got out of bed and went "Oh Shit... I have a show tonight" So ok I was relaxed but now I'm scared... My voice is "MEH TEH HEH" right now. I mean, it's Meh to begin with but now it's METEHEH. I'm running on empty and a nap sounds really good but it's not going to happen. The show will be good though, dress rehearsal was good, minor mess-ups but overall it went well. I'm excited!
0	Oh man, I was so disappointed in The Grudge.&nbsp; It was creepy and eerie, I'll give it that.&nbsp; But not what I look for in a horror movie. We're going to see Saw tonight,I'll let you all now how it was.
0	i know... i have nothing better to do with my life than sit around and read latin poetry....and.... um. play with my camera.... but... that's not so bad... is it? and plus.. i just found the best thing ever... hooray for harvard! (thank you. :))
0	i jsut got back from hippie fest. man you never know how much you can miss something until it was gone. i didnt have that much fun, especially some aspects of it but i love being out there in the forest with people like me. i actually danced this time. like seriously went to the drum cicrle and went at it. dee dee even made me teach her how to dance. i think she was too drunk to remeber it exactally though. i just walked through the door and i have to make dinner so i should go. love ya hannah 8) (hannibal)
1	I just wanted to say ....    Happy Birthday, Tohma-mun!!!!!!!     XD  *huggles the Tohma-mun*  You're so good at being so evil that I couldn't help but wish you a very Happy Birthday!  (^_^)v  Have a wonderful birthday!  Love,  Hiro-kun & Hiro-mun XD *chu*
1	I got mah ADSL modem setup finally! It came on tuesday at like 8:15 am, and I started the installation then, but it needed my win 98 cd (I know .. I know..) to finish so I had to wait till after work. Then I finished it, and it refused to work cause of some stupid protocol error. I tried for a day to fix that, gave up, swapped the boot order of my harddrives so now I'm running a much older, but much more stable (it seems) install of Win 98, and it worked beautifully on the first run  through! Yaaaay!  Now I just need a new computer, and I'm gonna be rolling in t3h accomplishments!  Todays todo? 3 1/2 websites for GCA, the completion of an image for       sefieslj    time after that is to be spent for my own self betterment so I can learn some useful programs so I can get a grfx design job and get the hell out of IT. =D  Anywho! Off to be productive! Hurrah! ^_^  D'oh, I need to reset my icon limits, I don't have the one I wanted for this post. Alas!
0	Spent time after school with Matt. Saturday will be the last we'll be able to hang out and do stuff together for some months to come... maybe even a year because he'll be stuck down in San Diego without transportation for a good amount of time.  I'm sure gonna miss having fun with one of my best friends.
0	Sad, again. Who gives a fuck? It's the same shit but different day. I had a good day but still managed to get completely and utterly depressed. Just great.
1	"Yaayyy!  I'm so EXCITED I can hardly............uh....did you just SLAP me on da BACK, you drunken baboon?  Let's get one ting straight.   Don't touch Jean.  You don't  EVER  touch  JEAN!  "   I tink dat CAMPBELL guy, he looks like da MAN FROM GLAD.  Frankly I tink he would be bedder off selling garbage bags.  Hanyway, I'm really excited dat Vancouver got da 2010 Olympics!  It's very exciting to have da Olympic games so close to Canada!  (Okay, now send in da Mounting guys to arrest Campbell.  I tink his blood halcolol levels are up again.)
1	 My trip with Alicia to seaside was just...     absolutley wonderfull.  It was just what I needed.    Some relaxing, a lot of lot of lot of laughing.    And a lot of food.&nbsp; ha haha.    The best part was definitley the SURRRRYS. Haha, the bikes. 4 seaters. I pedaled a little to hard and Hannah lost control of the pedal and lost&nbsp;her flip flop in the middle of a street. We laughed so hard we were all crying. It was beautiful.     Rode the Tilt a whirl. Like 23473857 times. Drove the bumper cars. Damn good timez. I &lt;3 Alicia. and I &lt;3 seaside.    My spring break is going just delightful.    TOMORROW LHL. Im excited.    Im in such a good mood. I hope nobody ruins it for me.    P.S The Fall of Troy in 28 days.    :) :) :) :) :) :)     Um yeah     I guess thats it.     P.s I need a dance party. Anyone up for it?     &nbsp; 
0	My life is going down hills now. I went to a party w/ Chris. and I decided not to throw the big bash. I really don't want to see anything bad going down. I think I'm just going to have just a party no drinks no nothing. I can't afford to lose anyone. I don't want to be the reason for anything. I just don't know what to say. I feel so bad. It's all my fault. I just want to feel better. Peer Pres. is a BITCH!
1	guten abend.wie geht's?ich bin sehr froehlich!heh heh.today was an average day.right now i'm just kickin back in my brothers room watching south park DVDs with him and his girlfriend.we're watching the "Hooked On Monkey Phonics" episode.  good times  heh heh  heeh
1	 Umm... Happy birthday       fruufoo   ! *hugs* I made you a card. :)     x x x x x x x   -Rich
0	My flight leaves tomorrow morning to take me back to Jersey, have to get up early to get to the airport 2 hours ahead, since it probably will be busy with it being the last day of spring break for a lot of people. Time always goes too fast, a week is never enough. Kinda depressed to be leaving, worn out from today (which was mucho fun) but now I feel down and don't want to go to bed, because that means waking up on Sunday. Packing took less time then I even expected, though I don't usually take that long. Just been kinda feeling like I want to cry because I miss everyone already and I get to see you guys so little. It also reminds me that I havn't honestly made much headway for the time I've been in NJ. Work will quickly sweep me up again, have to call Michaels right away Sunday to see what I'm working for the week, and I have the bank bright and early on Monday morning. *sighs and trudges off to bed*
1	Yes, it's Sunday.  Not Saturday.  Finals all week, then travel, then a Saturday of sitting around languishing and de-stressing.  Expect the next few weeks to be awesomely on time because I have NOTHING to do for the next month!  :-D        1st Place     --       wickedgoddess_         2nd Place TIE     --       skripka    and   --       gilkurtis        3rd Place TIE     --       scarydan    and   --       cassiee        Something With Some Slink Award     --       catscar     
1	3/27 San Francisco, CA  FREE SHOW  Borders Union Square, 4 PM - Happy  Easter! 
1	AHHH!!!  I JUST GOT MY ACT SCORES BACK AND I AM NOW OFFICIALLY GAURENTEED ADMISSION TO LSU!  YESSS! I AM SO PROUD OF MYSELF! I GOT A 27 IN ENGLISH AND MATH...THAT'S SOOO MANY MORE POINTS THAN USUAL.  i know it doesnt seem like a great score to most of you, but i'm really happy!   
0	the things that hurt the worst are the very thoughts we breed within our spacious minds...
0	I failed the mission, i was soooo close. I'm Fate's bitch. Sorry kids, I promise to do better next time.
1	Tomorrow is an exciting day.  I'm seeing The Rocket Summer in concert!  Yay!  Then Thursday is another exciting day.  I'm going to the Straylight Run concert!  Yay again!  Good night.
1	THIS FRIDAY william h. macy will be on the ellen degeneres show! i thought i'd let you know just in case you want to record it and watch it over and over and over and analyze every work he speaks, every breath the takes, and every smile he makes :))))    no baby pics yet cause theres still a lot of family who hasnt seen him yet :)  he has fat chubby cheeks, a super sweet smile, and really cute dimples!
1	yes!! i can finally print photos!!  i was thinking just the other day, gee, i really wish i had a decent printer so i could print out my digital photos. i really want to buy one. but i was strong. i thought, no, i'm saving my money!  and then, i went to go on the computer and have a look at printers anyway, it doesn't hurt to look does it??? no, not at all.  so anyway, it took me awhile to realise that, hang on a second, there is a large box in the middle of this room with a picture of a printer on it.  hang on a second, where is our crappy old printer, and why do we have a nice new printer that can print pretty pictures and is compatible with my mac!!!!  yayayayayayayaya  so anyway, that extremely long winded post was basically just to say that i'm excited that i can finally print photos that are COOL!  that is all see you alllllllllllllllllllll on the weekend!!!!!
0	There is a photoshoot at North Vancouver and i might go. If i do i shall wear my Kyo costume. I did a mixture of cage, obscure and macabre. Then i put some of my design into it by splatting blood all over it and the obscure mask isnt mesh. It's actually a nylon cut up with safety pins all over. When i moved i remember packing my make-up but!! when i unpacked everything it was  GONE  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo now i have to go buy black lipstick and white base cream again. Oh well it's not the end of the world.....  I must get them before Saturday because the photoshoot is on saturday...only if i had a ride. yay i get to take the seabus!.....and i don't know where the meeting spot is. Anyone want to come with me????  XXXXXD
0	Britney Spears is pregnant. She's going to reproduce. Spawn. Pass on her genes. I just want to know: What did this poor kid do in a past life to deserve THIS?!
1	I live LimeWire!  (it's a file-sharing program that rocks!)  I'm downloading Less Than Jake's BORDERS AND BOUNDARIES right now.  Oh how I've missed that album!  Woo hoo!  It's almost done!    Gotta go! Laters!
1	just decided to write an entry so i can show off my new picture!lol!its meant to be of meg from white stripes, but i like it and think it looks a bit like me.
1	Ivory Tower 516, yo.  We are awesome.  Next year is going to be awesome.  Watermelon makes it awesome.
1	My ISP gave me a free full version of a wonderful popup killer:    12 Ghosts   YAY!
1	I'm at School blogging this entry! Right now its supposer to be Western Social Studies but its switched with IT (computer) :D  Hmm...Got two test later.. so its really annoying.. HAVE TO STUDY HARD!!! GAH!! *dies*  Anyway with my class now... and everyone is online on msn =________='''
1	So yesterday I debated long and hard whether to stay here and do homework or go to the Vagina Monoluges and i ended up deciding to go.  I went with Lori, Jess, Dianna, and Sarah it was good (GIRLS NIGHT OUT) the show was interesting i liked it.  I'm glad i went.  So today i got up early and worked on some design homework and than Ted called me at 10:45 and asked if he could come by at 11 and see his painting that i painted for him. So he came and saw the painting and loved it.  We talked over the price, i gave him a range and he said he would give me 50 so i just officially sold my first piece of artwork for $50 so now i've officially started my life as an artist at least on the busisness side of things.  I think i'm going to take a picture of the money and save it.  :)  I'm so happy I've never done anything like this before.  After i went to brunch with jess and Lori.  (can we say i'm stapid) lol.  so now off to do some major homework.
0	 I know it's only been a couple of days but I  hate  my "army job"!!!! This sucks so bad!!! I&nbsp;have to wait 45 days before I can ask for a transfer and I swear to god I might kill myself first!    I would love to stay and vent, but I'm so fucking&nbsp;tired that I can't even bother to&nbsp;explain why I'm so frustrated... I'll try to do&nbsp;that over the weekend.    In the mean time, I hope your week was better than mine. 
0	Prince Rainier (sp?) has died. So that means Prince Albert is taking over. We'll see how that goes, especcially with his sisters.  Blair called for an election. It could be close if enough people are annoyed with how center wing Blair has made the election. I don't think the Liberals stand a chance but I have to do more research into that. By the time I go to London in the fall Britain could have a completely differnt government. As much as I don't like Blair's policies (act like a guy in the left wing buddy!) he'll still be better then Howard and the concervatives.  Okay nine pages still left to write on essay. Best get to that.
0	Dave if you have any of the following cards i need them. Saved from the Fire 2X Enraged 3X Narchost Numenor's Pride 2X Steadfast Champion 2X Harsh Tongues 2X Minath Tirith 5th Circle Pippin, Sword to Service New Strength Came Easterling Regiment 2X
1	Seryna-chan gave each of us a gift in her birthday (^^) (I didn't know you had to give others gifts in your own birthday! Seryna-chan is so unique and kind, ne?)  She gave me a Old Purple Box like the one I gave her. But inside I found...     A clip @A@!!!!!! Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa... Her present is much better than my potato! I feel so bad now (ToT)
1	Note to all British members, I fully expect Carlos to be featuring in Channel 4's Top 100 Albums on Sunday at 8pm, due to his rather considerable presence in one of the adverts. No, seriously, every second clip was him. I almost squeed myself into oblivian.  Just making sure you know! (And we'll promise a full report to all non-UK members!)  **Just a thought, after typing this, I hope I didn't just imagine it. But I'm pretty sure. I'd recognise that hair from 50 paces, dammit.
1	           Who is your lj soul mate?          LJ Username           Your SoulMate      perfect_poison               This   Quiz   by   inthemiddle2008   - Taken 32417 Times.          New! Get  Free Horoscopes  from Kwiz.Biz     
1	NME awards tour tonight very excited, already started drinking. Seeing Funeral for the 6th time so well up for it. To be honest life is good at the moment met someone decent on Saturday which dosent happen often, things look good. Lets see how it goes.  Anyway onto the task in hand TONIGHT. Hass will be here soon so I had better get my skates on. Watch this space.
1	June 5  Upon realizing that tonight's party would require pajamas I went shopping with Traci and Linda last night.  Here's the  final result.   I'm looking forward to tonight!  Looks like Bryon and Diego are going to be starting a band.  I used to play piano when I was little.  Perhaps I should polish off my skills and ask if I can join. *laughs*  Yeah...don't see that one happening.  I talked to Jake yesterday and he told me he made sure he and I got paired up as a counselor team.  I'm relieved because he's done this before and can show me the ropes.  It's going to be a great summer.  Now if you'll excuse me I need to go prep for my hockey lesson.
1	tonight was sooo much better then yesterday. it was an amazing day and night. 1st i had school. study hall, movie and popcorn in german w/ 4 other ppl, ceramics, then sub in art. school was good. then i met my mom at wegmans and then went to steves. we spent the afternoon just us two. it was nice. we walked to wegmans and dirisatos pizza. then later shan n nikki picked us up and we went to a tatoo place and then piatzas. then we went to the beach and went to the playground. then we went to jessies at ev and there were like 14 ppl in his little room. then me steve shannon heather kyle tonya and briana went bowling. me and steve didn't bowl though. then we stopped at wegmans and then shannon dropped us off at steves. n' now im home. tomorrow i gotta work 1-4 for some stupid girl. then we're supposed to go to the wizard of clay place woo hoo. then 2morrow nite me n steve r sposed to go to the movies w doey n' evan. this is gonna be a good weekend. :) oh and steve makes me smile :P
0	Oh no!!! They disappeared right in front of my eyes as I happily viewed them... *sad* Could you let me know if you can see them, pls?
1	Merry Christmas Eve, everyone.  Loot thus far: 1 leather jacket 1 pkg of socks (6 pairs) 1 Magic Card Tricks set 1 Snoopy Lamp 1 Lingere bag (dirty santa...don't ask)   And I still have... -Nancy & Cecil's tomorrow morn, including gifts from: Nancy, Cecil, Mom, David, Steven/Melinda, Allen, & Hannah -Carl & Linda's tonight including gifts from Carl, Linda, & Joses -Danville including....who knows. Dirty santa this year, probably.  Peace, love, and all the joy that can fill your heart, be unto you.  -John
1	so tonight is my big concert....ohhh the Mozart Requiem in Richardson. and guess what?? lost my voice???? my gosh it was just a month ago that i was sick...what is wrong with me??? i think i am self destruction...ehhhh. so on top of that is initiations for terrace which i am def. not well enough for which is a bummer but i think ill go and be low key in the background and do it next year. ok well i gotta go to rehearsal.
0	Ugh, I feel like crap today. I even look like crap. I slept in my ‘Legend Killer’ T-shirt and woke up late so I just put on a bra, jeans, shoes, brushed my teeth, washed my face and left. I didn’t have any time to fix my hair or put on make-up.   Fable is so awesome. I named my hero Kane. [lol, I’m such a fangirl] But he looks more like Randy Orton. He even has the arm tattoos like him. Right now he’s a hero but I might make him a villain later on in the game.   I’ve been going through a phase where I’m updating more than usual. Lol, I go through this phase every few months and then afterwards, I become so sick of updating that I won’t post an entry for weeks.  I’m kind of down right now because of yesterday’s barge fire on the news. I can only imagine how badly it’s going to pollute the river, not to mention that the chemical’s that spilled in the water are cancerous.
1	Mommy has been playing with her new cellphone camera ...        
1	my sims family finally won some money!!! OUR HOUSE NOW HAS LAMPS AND LIGHTS IN IT!!!!!
0	i was just thinking about an ex-girlfriend.... who i was dating at this time, about 7 years ago.... i just want to apologize for being such a dick.... i was an immature little man.... if i knew then what i know now....i'd do things better.... i'm glad you're happy in your new life.... i love you.
1	Good day.  M gave me 2 new CDs (Tango Project and School House Rock).  They are as lovely as lovely can be.  Learned about the historical undertones in the Wizard of Oz.  Went to Ritters for sundaes.  Played SCRABBLE in the Squarea.  See?  I told you it was good.  Oh, and the dollar I found in the parking lot a few days ago:   It amuses me.
0	2 things  one:  is it possible to just become so overwelmed by things, that you just want to....leave.  what if everything is wonderful and fine and you have nothing to complain about.  what if everything is so beautiful and going the right way.  it's just too much.  being happy is too hard than having something to be depressed about.    two:  "i dont think i can even take this" (leslie). i'm going to miss you so much. i really cannot take this. why must the most important people leave. i can't stop crying.
1	Well, we're going to A Con soon. Yay! Hue's coming with me. I might have invited Sarah, but she hates Anime so I didn't bother. Eaiter way I'm glade I'll be able to be with Hue. It should be fun. I didn't get to go last year so I'm really happy that I'll get to go this year. Cons are so fun! I an't wait. We already have our hotel reservations and we're filling out our preorder forms right now. That means that we won't have to wait in a three hour line to get in like usual. I'm so excited! I can't wait until we go! ^_^
1	Guess what i get to do in two weeks?????? I am going to rochester I am going to rochester I am going to rochester I am going to rochester I am going to rochester I am going to rochester I am going to rochester i get to see my friends that i never get to see!!!!!!!!!! CAN you tell i am pumped??? and of course i am having LIZ and DENISE time and saying hi to those that i never get to say hi too. I have chapel in the AM so this light of mine is gonna go to bed.  Love ya....
1	  why'd you have to be so nice, a wink and a girlish smile...   Mmm....a belly full of warmth topped off with NEW! 98% fat free Breyers vanilla ice cream.   no, not frozen yogurt, not icy unbliss, but full fluffy creamy creamy ice cream bliss.    90 calories a serving. not bad. not bad at all.   what can i say, it was a good day.  and i'm so yummy-ly full. perfect fullness. a happy tummy.  so what did i do today?  nothing. hah. flirted with my boyfriend. smiled. all in all, i just felt like myself.  i didn't wear much make-up.  a big warm sweatshirt.  my hair pulled back. and i felt like me. what could be better.  and that ice cream. i swear. bliss.       that was something....  
1	The first one we watched was The Stepford Wives...It was pretty good and moved along fast. I like movies like that and it was pleasantly twisted :) The next one I watched(Kevin decided he had enough movies at this point)was called Hope Springs. Despite the fact that I like to oogle Colin Firth and I like alot of stuff Heather Grahm has done, the movie lost me about 10 minutes into it so I just shut it off. I feel my movie night was made up after finding this  http://www.palmpictures.com/videos/theh ousekeeper.html  on Sundance...It was awesomely done..Def two thumbs up.  Afterwards it was this  http://www.disbealig.com/  which is absolutely brilliant....:D
1	*has become ridiculously addicted to House*  It's my mom's fault.  She asked me to watch it with her a few weeks ago, and I fell in love.  Seriously?  Best show.  Ever.  And this is coming from me, who has a very short list of shows to watch, and watches very little tv outside of that list.  So I really have nothing to say.  Mrs Simpson made me read today.  That breaks my...two years?  of not reading.  I didn't read at all in The Tempest, or Macbeth, and I'm pretty sure not in R&J.  Argh.  We saw a fire truck pull up and we were sure there was going to be a fire drill so we kinda didn't do what we were saupposed to be doing...but then the alarm never went.  It was quite sad.  I hope there will be a fire drill in bio tomorrow.  Really the most brongi calss of my life.  Gah.
1	Tomorrow I am getting my newsed car!!! God is Good!!! &lt;&gt;
1	alright, i know i said no warning, but you people suck and id feel kinda guilty.......  Tuesday November 9th my plane leaves for Fort Lauderdale.   I lost my job tonight at Skin Flicks because theyre not doing business, and because im not an owner, i got let go. so i get to finish my appointments for the week, and im off to florida to find a new job....hopefully i get the one at Bruce Barts and i can stay down there. that would finally be something that made me happy.   so, i wish you all well, and have fun rotting in maryland, and freezing your asses off..........HOPEFULLY i'll be livin down at pampano beach!
1	Such a freaking  beautiful  day. Had a picnic with Stephen, Raya and Yiyi in the park. Orangina and mini-eclairs from New Paris. And the beautiful, beautiful sun.
0	       &nbsp;      &nbsp;i'm always swimming against the flow of the tide,   kissing the life into something that's already died.   i've been driving forever,  i'll let go.   i dive into the river,  and flow.   you said that you could hear bells in the traffic below,  i could hear sirens and car engines fighting the snow.   i've been driving forever,  i'll let go.   i dive into the river,  and flow.   flow.   i've been drowning forever,  i'll let go.   i'll dive into the river,  and flow.   i've been drowning forever,  i'll let go.   i'll dive into the river,  and flow.   flow flow flow flow flow flow     
1	apartment hunting tomorrow.   i hope it works out this time.
1	OK, is my mind in the gutter, or is this not the most homoerotic thing you've ever seen?     The caption reads  "Phil Mickelson flinches in agony after missing the putt on the 18th green that would have tied the score with Tiger Woods Sunday, March 6, 2005 at the Ford Championship at Doral in Doral, Fla. Woods won with a score of 24 under parr, one shot better than Mickelson. (AP Photo/Steve Mitchell)"  but from the look on his face, I think he likes it. Ladies, this is why your husbands  really  enjoy golf so much ;-)  This reminds me, one of our Republican friends asked me why I liked basketball, adding that if he wanted to see a bunch of monkeys throwing a ball around, he'd go to the zoo. Knowing that he is an avid golfer and without missing a beat, I replied that if I wanted to see a bunch of men swinging clubs, I'd watch the Flinstones. Yaba-daba-doo!  OK, back to work.
1	heyyy i'm new :)  and i just wanted to say, i love old nick shows  especially the old gameshows like... -&gt;nick arcade -&gt;legends of the hidden temple -&gt;guts/global guts -&gt;figure it out -&gt;double dare/family double dare -&gt;the old one with mike o'malley where they had to solve the picture puzzle thingys -&gt;what would you do  and omg. ROUNDHOUSE BABY.  i had the hugest crush on the one guy in that with the hat hahahahahha  also, this might be kinda dorky but does anyone remember the big world of richard scary? from nick jr.? i loved watching that when i would stay home sick from school lol  anyway, i'm glad there is such a cool community for all these awesome nick shows! peace   -katie  p.s. if anyone gets those high cable channels, they started showing rocko's modern life, doug(the old cool ones), legends of the hidden temple, nick arcade, that picture one, guts, figure it out, aahh real monsters, and double dare :)
1	Hey guys!!  My name is Jessica and I have just been accepted to UI. I am really excited about it! It is tied with first with one other college. I have a couple questions about student life. I am thinking about joining a sorority, but I'm not really sure how Frat life is at UI. One of my really good friends is in a sorority, and my Dad was in a frat at WSU; they both really enjoyed it. I'm just wondering if joining a sorority is better than living in one of the residence halls? I also would like to know what people do for fun both at UI and off campus. How do ya'll like Moscow. Any other info that you would like to share with me would be great. Any info that can help me choose between my two schools would be a big help.   Thanks,   Jessica
1	   Well back to school..It was okay better than staying home all day and cleaning...so yeah nothing new same shit different day it feels like that everyday...im so ready for summer i might go back and work at CH again i dont know..thats if I dont have to watch jadon all sumer which i would rather do that and not get paid ......well do u ever feel like people are mad at u and u cant figure out why and they keep saying there not ...well thats what i feel like right now ...but it will past I hope! well im gonna go and get my chrose done ttyl &lt;3 Britt &lt;3   
1	Ok Ok - I had to do it because I can't help my love for the man. I tried long ago to deny my feelings but it didn't work then. So I had to do this. Bare the in mind ok?   Happy Birthday  Severus !    Ehem.  OK. So today is our beloved Master's birthday. A day to remember the Dorm (before Cinescape disbanded the threads). My tequila habits, Tobias smoking on the windowsill, Ming in detention - again. The beginning of Ballyharnon and her R/S fic that went on the be Of Linen. SIG and me corrupting the twins. And most of all the visits from the Master to congratulate us on various things. Oh yeah - and detention. ;).  I think we should all wear our "Idiot Children" Snape t-shirts in celebration.
1	*wakes up feeling kind of cramped*  :S  *looks down on himself*  Funny :)
1	Guess what Lans? Our rooms are ready! We are free to move in whenever... That's fun!  Guess I'll be making a trip out to London soon!    Oh ya... they are only charging us rent from June 15th.  Other than that.. work sucks.. oh well.. I have MSN tho!  That's also fun!
1	Breasts are not solely for the sexual pleasure of men.  They are blank canvasses of soft, supple creamy skin.  I shall reclaim my breasts and turn them into a work of art.  No, seriously, it is a program at my dorm.  Breast painting night.  Snap!
1	Well I just got back from Alabama and I had a GREAT time. The food was awesome cause of turkey day. I got to see my friends and family. I think I was with my friends more than I was with my family. LOL I made a new "friend" and he's great I just wish he did not live in Alabama. I can't wait to see him during the Christmas break. I'm actually kinda excited to go back to school. I'm just so tired I havn't had any sleep. My birthday is Thursday I'm so happy I better get good presents. Wow well I am tired so I'm going to bed.
0	I just watched As Good As It Gets, the one with Dianne Keaton, and Jack Nicholson. Don't get me wrong, they are both very good actors, but I feel as though I have lost 20 IQ points for watching the movie. Some parts were funny, but once I got to the second hour, it all went downhill from there. I would think that a movie with such high profile actors, and great reviews would be better than what it was.   It felt like a dying car, sputtering and stalling all the way to the finish line. It just kept going longer than it should.   *sigh* At least my parents are the ones paying for the pay-per-view, not me.
0	Tonight sucked. I want to fucking shoot myself. Just fucking shoot myself, to death.  Life Death Rebirth --as said from Coldread. Goodjob young fella's. 'Night all...maybe if I get lucky I'll be alive to see ya'll in the mornin. x-SempeR-x
0	hurt, cry, trapped, cry, trapped, blade, trapped, blade, slice, blade, slice, pain, slice, pain, blood,  pain, blood, escape, blood, escape, freedom, escape, freedom, cry, freedom, cry, happyness.   All the things that causes me to cut, how i feel, and wat happens after i cut.
0	 I never had a religion to lose Still I feel lost I wish I had something to believe in So I could lose all faith...   So My Chemical Romance are supporting Taking Back Sunday on their Uk tour. My folks won't let me go cuz it's in the Carling Academy.  I actually laughed in their face. They let me go see KoRn and Slipknot (seperate gigs) when I was way younger. Parents Pah According to Sam (who's getting to see TBS + MCR in Newcastle) the other support band is Fall Out Boy. *sobs* Started my dissertation for english today *sobs some more* I'm so glad we don't have to write the whole thing right now. We don't have to write the whole thing right now, right? I can't believe it's wednesday already. The Franz have added another SECC date. I may go, I may not. I don't know if I love the franz enough to see them.  Ok now my big sister is putting on Iris by Goo Goo Dolls. *Returns to sobbing*  Draven/Smurfette, signing off  Over And Out
1	i just found the most amazing thing in the world. you have to see it, really you have to see it. you will love it. omg!!! and margie, you especially will love it. omg!!! this has made my day.
1	Off to France in a couple of hours. Moi dix Mois concert tomorrow night. OMGMOIDIXMOIS.  Shall return on Wednesday... bye for now. &hearts;
0	Finally saw Hero tonight.  Broken Sword is my new hero for so many reasons I can't begin to express.  In the meantime...  The Great Lenny will be missed, sorely.
1	For the first time of my life, i got to know how to ride "bicycle", today. it was easier than i thought. hoho... i will practice it tomorrow again.... then i guess... next step will be.... motor cycle... haha! after that will be racing motocycle... (dream dream.....) anyway, i am soooooooooooooooooo excited today~!
1	   great day!      &nbsp;    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  U &nbsp; &nbsp; of &nbsp;  &nbsp;A!           &nbsp;      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; and thats all I need to say.   
0	    How to make a Claire         Ingredients:   5 parts anger  5 parts humour  3 parts joy         Method:  Layer ingredientes in a shot glass. Add lustfulness to taste! Do not overindulge!        Username:       Personality cocktail  From  Go-Quiz.com  
0	In the last 6 weeks, I've worked one shift and been paid less than £70 for it, which has been swallowed up by an overdraft.&nbsp; I'm fighting to keep my head above water, but everytime I get some glimmer of hope it's dashed a few days later.&nbsp; I'm rapidly starting to hate this area and my inability to find any work that pays enough to keep me out of the red.&nbsp; As it stands now, I'm facing the prospect of hitting my overdraft limit next month and heaven knows what'll happen after that,&nbsp;if this 'work drought' continues.&nbsp; I'm starting to get disillusionsed with things as they are at the moment and, little by little, I've noticed my motivation is starting to slip away.&nbsp; I can also feel myself slipping towards depression.&nbsp; I just hope things sort themselves out soon - I really am getting towards the end of my tether, now :-(  Rob
0	Yes it can.  Lets see no money. No for sure thing yet on a home.  No big tax refund this year.  And then my car gets stolen.  Right under my nose while standing a few feet away.  I hope the mutha who stole it gets pulled over thinking the front blinkers work.  I have bad Karma and it must be that I was a bad person in a previous life time.
0	I don't feel like I belong anywhere and I think that's what I want I really don't know anymore.It seems that I just can't stay happy for very long anymore and I just break down.My mom told me today that everyone goes through this but I didn't tell her EVERYTHING I was feeling and I guess that's a go0d thing.I really don't know how I'm going to get through everything.This song does't help because it reminds me of what happened to me when my boyfriend broke up with me and all the shit I went through then and what I had planned to do to myself and all that.Sometimes I still want to but then I see my boyfriend or my sister and then life doesn't seem so bad but everythings just piling ontop and it's really stressing me out.I cried for 2 hours today. I can't help what I feel and I'm scared that I'm going to lose the one thing I've lost once before.
0	*initiates archeological dig, re-uncovers TMC*  Where have all of you gone!? Jesus, our wee corner of fandom has certainly fizzled off the face of the earth. What's going on here, eh?  Yeah, yeah, I know it's been a while since a chapter/half-chapter came out, but honestly people, we never *just* talked about the story with each other.  *wibbles* I miss you guys!
1	    CONGRATULATIONS MAMA AND PAPA DEEMING!!!       Here's to a happy and healthy young Albion, and may his mastery of the twelve deadly forms someday eclipse even your own!    &nbsp; 
0	Dan Akaroid said of John Bulishi “He was a bad boy, but a good man”. Maybe this is my problem. I seem to find myself in the center of things often. Some of them good, some of them not so good. A little common sense goes a long way to determine the difference between good and not good. Just lately, common sense is rare commodity for me.
1	Happy Birthday  Sage.  I love you. I like to play with you. We play with the play kitchen together. I love you resss-cue boy! My mom made him a journal, and it's his first one ever. I am excited. I remember him being borned. I want to talk about it. Mama had a baby and I was a little girl. Sage was borned in a cabin. And he came out and I holded him. Now he is big.
1	I'm still in love with ijournal and I will use any excuse to play around with it.  Today I went to the Royal Women's Hospital with a group of students from my BSW group. Of course it was informative and it showed me that it's quite similar with the Alfred Hospital. I've started jotting down answers for my assignment and hopefully this weekend I will have done some of the essay! Yay, I truely live the life of a party animal!  But I do have an engagement party to go to on Saturday night and I have no idea what to wear.  Anyway, if I start on that assignment then  I'll feel a little better about uni and then I can destress a little. Then again, according to my lecturer stress can actually help you get your act together:)   I really want to upload a picture I d/l but I have to work out how.
0	i didn't know him, but he was a friend of mindy's, so i'm posting this for her. and because it's sad, too. (i really don't know what to say, since i didn't know him, so i'm going to keep this simple.)  R.I.P. Jake  you and everyone who loved you are in my thoughts.
0	i'm so sick of everything!!! i hate it when pple are always quarelling and i find no peace
0	i dont write in this no more because i have lost it all i dont know what to do with this thing called life i just go with the flow and you know i hate that
1	i had a most amazing x-mass Jessica got me a mini flask, so i can drink at work (whaha) and my sis made me a custom happy noddle boy shirt  i finaly got my rouder.. so im truly online again =)  and they somehow got me a dremel.. wich iv been looking at getting for about 2 years, but i never got around to...  my aunt gave me 100 bucks.. so i went and got a new check fro my desk.. the one i have at my rents house was too big for this room...  so iv been sitting on a few crates... this is much more cumffy.. also i found i bit of cash so i got a little 4 cup coffee maker ( i really need more coffee you know ) and a half size ironing board... so i can ware my nicer shirts top work again =)  the mates (room) and i had chirstmass after midnight and then i went out to my rents super early in the morning...  all was good.. much food was eatn.. i felt sick.. its was great  how was yours?
0	last night was so gross. the fact that I slept for eight hours didn't even help the emotional state that I am in. Typically I get emotional when I am tired and I can just sleep it off. I guess it's not too bad. Who knows what will happen now. I guess it's all for the best. Later I am having brunch with Lindsay and then I am hanging out with Andrew. That will be nice. To be able to hang out with some friends and not be alone and depressed. Oh well. I guess I should be getting up now....  Later
0	Your Strength  You as my mom you have shown me so much. One of the most important things you have shown me is your strength. But I have to say that I wish I had it. I wish I could be as strong as you. You help so many people in this life. That I know God will keep you around for me. You keep me so strong. Without you in my life I would not be here. So I just want to say thanks. Just for being my mom. You give me the hope I need that everything you go through will work out. I just hate the thought that you will not be here someday. But until that day you will always be my strength. And my hope that life will work out for the best. You are my-everything. You already are my guardian angel. So I know you will be there for me when you are no longer here.
1	went and saw kristin chenoweth last night, who was FABULOUS. she is just incredible. oh my goodness. soooooo amazingly talented, but hilarious and sweet too. awesome. much fun was had.  and today i got a new monitor for my computer!!! wooooohooooo! no more of my old monitor crap in which half of the colors showed up as black, making pictures/games/videos/everything impossibly dark and difficult to see. so there is much rejoicing as i discover what color my font on AIM actually is and how bright the picture on my desktop actually is. woot woot!  but boo on the golden globes, which i taped and watched this morning. PoTo lost to "Sideways" (whatever the heck that is), and emmy rossum lost to annette bening, AND andrew lloyd webber lost to mick jagger for crying out loud. psssh. whatever.  okay, off to play starcraft now that i can actually SEE it on my computer! :) woohooo!
1	Hello all!  This weekend is my fortnightly visit to Wilhelm, my little VW Polo. I'm pleased with myself as I've got all of the interior panels now trimmed to an almost professional level. This weekend sees - hopefully - the finishing of the welding and the installation of the headlining.   He runs. He's coming together. I'm all excited that soon... SOON... he will be on the road and my hour long trip to work will be halved! Well okay, it may take a bit of time to get my test passed, but it's finally all coming together properly.
1	+ Warm Weather (Finally!!!) + Job Interview - Gas Prices - Bitch ass teachers
1	      Try an experiment today. Resist the insanely great prices on merchandise you'll get if you're willing to get up at 3 AM and wait in line all day. Try to buy nothing for the 24 hours after Thanksgiving. If you feel the panges of withdraw simply because you did not spent any money today, take some time and reflect. Instead of buying another impersonal beef and cheese sampler or bath bead set for the members of your family, try to think of a more constructive and creative way to let them know they're loved.    Spend  time , not money.   Love,  Rachel
1	   Happy St. Patty's Day!!!        now go drink bitches!   
0	Sorry to all going to McGuire's on St. Patrick's Day. I have to be at work at 7:00 in the morning, so I won't be able to go with you.   :-( This SUCKS!!!!
1	The title says it all. I've done alot of things in my life (duh)...but never baked a cake by myself before. It's a regular yummy yellow cake...which will get chcolate frosting on it when it's cooled off. I think meggy's love was with me when I did this...cuz she told me she baked cakes before. So...i'm gonna call this a  meggy angel cake! Hehe...yeah I know I'm such a sweet boyfriend to her. *blushes*   Other than that big achievment in my life....I went to the market and ate some subway. So right now I'm watching the Final Four. Yeah I'm not really into college basketball but I decided to check this out...cuz it's a huge yearly event. I'm so happy...and I'm glad my princess is alright too. So, now I know how to make a cake...cuz I did everything right!
1	   Happy Birthday        shirebound    and       belegcuthalion   !!     &nbsp; 
1	Who bought a laptop?! oh that would be me!  *jumps up and down*
1	I love, love, love this doll!   Click the pic for more     
0	fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.....this has got to stop....2 nights in a row i have had dreams about being back with brandon and i am tired of waking up in tears....why is this happening?!?!?!?
0	hunter s. thompson shot himself.      http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=s tory&cid=519&ncid=716&e=4&u=/ap/20050221/ap_on_re_us/obit_thompson  
1	Hello Everybody,  Just dropping an entry to confirm that I am still alive.  I am leaving for Florida this morning to celebrate my dad's 50th birthday and then Joe and I are going to spend 3 days at Universal Studios Orlando!  I am pumped and I will talk to you guys soonish!
1	First new year in four years that I know that I can go on and live and kick some asses xDDDD  So, yeah, go me xDDD  And happy new year to all the people that deserves it xDDD  And hope you rot in hell to the ones that don't xDDDD  Wuff ya all xDDD
0	i just brough and watched the movie donnie darko. and i cannot put into words just how great it is. its, if was a porn film it would be “oh god my pants are went and i didnt even ouch myself” good. though my one major gripe with it was the ending. why why why cant some of these movie makers let the hero get the girl. its like the butterfly effect that i saw a few months ago. one of the best movies i;v ever seen and yet at the end the hero lost his girl too. i guess i’m just a hopeless romantic of sorts. *sigh* ah well  great movies. see them.
0	i don't know if i can handle this. the peices are falling... and not into a very good order.
1	I don't even care about baseball let alone the Red Sox/Yankees and I'm excited!
1	For all of you who are interested in a community that celebrates beauty...           
1	OMG OMG OMG!  XD  I got home today to find my Edward DX Plush finally came in the mail!!!  I am so soooo happy right now!  Haha, he's so cute and huge! (note: not small!)  The eyes are gorgeously embroidered in, he has a plush automail arm, and even has his own little fake chain (for State Alchemist Watch).  X)         His braid looks like a little shrimp, haha! *wonders if this was intentional*    (holy crap, LJ changed their updating layout)
1	Not to conflict with Menea's Party. We to are having a New years eve party! It should be a blast. Everyone is invited. We will be having a live band "That Band" and Musical Jam. There with also be a Murder Mystery play through the night. The first clue starting at 8:00pm the answer being reveald at 11:45 pm.  The House ball drops at midnight followed by fireworks from Pikes peak mountain (weather permitting). For directions please email mail me. Iamcompubear@hotmail.com
1	 Things have been alot better than I thought. Still not of course what I always wanted, but hey.    Today was actually a really good day, mostly because I was so hyper.        Sorry For the size  nice try  Random Pictures:   Yes, that is&nbsp;a drink in his hand.......you tell me    The girls in the family: My sis, cousin, mom and me.    Brenda and me. We are so darn cute. ♥    The three girls        PS     HAPPY JAZZ APPRECIATION MONTH!!!
1	So my birthday was great...andrew picked me up we went to maccaroni grill for dinner delicious i may say, then he took me to the mall where he took me to three different jewelry stores he picked out a ring from each one and i had to pick my favorite...so i ended up with a gorgeous ring...its 10 karet white gold it has three light purple diamonds and two little ones on each side it is so beautiful i still cant believe he bought it for me...then we rented a movie and went back to his house....nothing happened for all of you who think something did...my monthly friend spoiled it i was so pissed...anyways i couldnt have asked for a better birthday cause this one was absolutely perfect...the only thing that sucks is hes leaving in a couple days so i got to fit something in before he leaves maybe tomorrow or friday...anyways thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday... love you all, ~*Stina Beana*~
0	Its coming to year end, and christmas is arriving shortly too ..  Come to think of it, the year passes fast, real fast ...  evaluation for the year? Went through a few patches for the year, marks a special year as I have never been that down before, however, have learnt one thing -   "treasure things as they are now, changes do come, and when they do, embrace the fact that you had enjoy already"  thanks S and J for coming into my life for the year 2004, you two have made an impact to my life, although I've said nasty things and being bad tempered, but believe it, you have a special place in my heart (Don't worry, not hoping for reconciliation, can't imagine that anyway *yuck*)  thanks to the gang who crossed my path (the gang whom I celebrated Christmas at my place, and New Year at East Coast), this two events will mark significantly in my book of memories, you know who you guys are.   PS: Don't be mistaken, I am not attempting suicide, just being nostalgic
1	today my boss gave me compliments... further on this day sucked big time... boooorring...and they told me i could work one week longer if i wanted... so i kept myself busy drawing a beautiful lady which i should scan but i forgot it at work so that's for later... i also made a calendar so i can count the days left for australia.... i'm already nervous and i have trouble falling asleep.... 25 days left....  and i heard a terrible joke today:   apparantly the pope will allow masturbation... only when it won't get out of hand...    once again i was the only one who considered this not funny.... not that i'm in love with the pope or anything :p  this weekend i'm going to Ghent for my "Goodbye Pieter - Party"...&nbsp; and to support Tine with her exams :)... reaaaalllyy looking forward to that....
1	Hey ya'll,  Tomorrow I will be at SLU with Aaron.  After school we are going to see 311 baby at the UNO!  I am so excited.  I wish I felt better though.  Anyway, see ya'll tomorrow.  Bye!
0	I hate my dog, Ozzy.  He chewed up my textile kit.  The samples were in order--now I have no clue where anything goes.  I hate that stupid dog...
1	  The Goddess of Fire and Happiness. You are a ball of energy. Always compassionate and full of life, you can make anyone feel happy and you are exceptionally uplifting. You are an individual beauty.        Which gorgeous goddess are you? For girls! (breath taking pics!)      brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	     Are you hott? by evildj23      First Name           Age           Guy or Gal           Your hottness is    10...WOW! ARE U SINGLE?!?!               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	Another weekend is over, and I'm not sure if I should be happy or not.  As usual I did nothing this weekend outside of class and work.  I hate to admit it but this is what my life is becoming, school work and sitting at home.  I thought that i might finally start going out when i went back to school but i was just kidding myself.  Oh well at least I'm another week closer to the end of school and the beginning of summer.  I wish I was away at school where there is things to do unlike in Nassau where after 11 there is nothing to do unless you have money or want to get drunk. If anyone actually reads this good, if not oh well I knew already that not many people care about me.
0	Well well well... i miss fallbreak, Candace is writing her pesonal narrative over what happened over fallbreak & it makes me nostalgic for all those Sunsets & Night Skies. i dont know. What is wrong with me lately?
0	Crusha advert on the telly keeps making me think of Mr Cooper and gets me all sad :(
0	dunno to me valentines day didnt ever have a whole lot of meaning. so im just sitting at my computer listening to the goo goo dolls.  yeah i have a boyfriend so you would think that id be with him rite now but his best friend from out of town at his house and he doesnt like me and frankly, i dont like him either.  hes a player weird person type but i miss my b/f.  :(  and tomorro im going out to lunch with mah ex b/f which should be interesting...but im just sad and wut not but hey im just ranting.  haha i have a new icon and its menchi.  one of my best friends (anna)'s sweet 16 is tomorro too so it should be fun.  anyway, thats all for now.  enid
1	ok i am going to stop  putting stuffo n here no one  comments  or reads  it ... if i get a resopnce  by the next time i got on then ill post some  more but if not for get this site ....
0	wow i havent updated in a while but i decided today cause my friend sarah asked for an activation code.  A lot has happened relationships gone new realationships.  Im going to the prom and i found out about tripple c's this weekend and hoping to have a good time with that in the future.  Im kinda depressed i dont no what to do with some things in my life i need a girlfriend or some one to talk to personally that i can trust no matter what the circumsatances.  i have a few people i like but i dont no its to confusing.  i need some fireworks or something new to blow up.  i dont no im in a bad part of life im in a deap slump and im digging it bigger i got to build a ladder climb out and fill it up for ever hopefully i cant keep going down down and further down.  I need something exciting in my lifesomething new.  i got to try tripple cs or something soon i think prom nite well gtg    peace love and polyester the box is out
0	Go freakin Pacers!!! Jermaine O'Neal leveled some dude..  Now people will stop talking about politics and start beating up Pistons fans!!! YAYYYYY PACERS!!!
1	Dude, just found out the Norma Jean/Unearth/Atreyu show is at Trees in Feb.  Im in, who's in?
1	This is fairly short notice, but I'm probably going to be very inactive for the next few days--more specifically, from Friday the 18th until Thursday the 24th--since I'm going off the harass, terrorize, and otherwise abuse the lovely town of Columbus. In that time, if any of the characters are needed--I don't see why they would since they haven't been doing much but still--feel free to move or NPC them as needed.   Thanks!  &lt;3   Lee.
1	I am becoming a mentor for first time students at Sydney U in my last semster there! I cant wait......
1	Paige kept -quite annoyingly- announcing that it was Bunny Day on Sunday, thus I declare today, April 13th, KITTY DAY!   Aren't I all arty-lookin'?  kitty kisses galore, Khai
0	just when u think dat things cant get much worse than they r, they do.  last nite, i thought so much bout louis.  i miss that kid so much.  i guess it was b/c of what happened up in carmel yesterday.  I feel 4 u guys up there.  Its really sad to lose some1, any1, no matter who it is.  its been a really sucky year.    diana rip may 31 2002 i kno u will be missed  louis - yo man u always running thru my head i will never 4get you man.  i love you lou... everyday i think bout u.
1	  Haha.. Just Update some photos that I took on Graduation, May&nbsp;1st and May 2nd&nbsp;, 2004 !!&nbsp; ==)&nbsp;      &nbsp;  This is Jerry and Me !!          &nbsp;  This is Tracy and Me !!!          &nbsp;  This is Paul and Me :) !!!!           This is Mike and Paul :) !!!!!          &nbsp; Here is &nbsp;Beth , Me and Charlene :) !!!!!          Here&nbsp;is Me and Steph :) !!!!!&nbsp;          These are my old firends, Jemila, Margen, and Ayana :) !!!!!           This is Paul and Pochih :) !!!!!!            Here is Jerry and Christina :) !!!!!!           Man, it was a " Super Hot" day on the graduation day..&nbsp;but i was so happy on that day&nbsp;:)&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;And Congradulation to all my dear Friends :))  
1	Hi everybody! I've made it safely here to HMI, completely intact. The people here are all really cool, and the wood burning stoves kick ass. We leave on Monday for Dark Canyon, Utah for our first two week expedition, which needless to say I'm really looking forward to. Hope all you schmucks are having fun in Brooklyn! Hahahahahaha, suckers. Nah, you guys are cool, enjoy NYC while I'm out schlepping through the snow.
0	   not counting over 100,000 Iraqi (innocent) civilian deaths.  Lets see what the road lies ahead for another 4 years.  I cant wait.
1	        You're    the United Nations!      Most people think you're ineffective, but you are trying to    completely save the world from itself, so there's always going to be a long    way to go. &nbsp;You're always the one trying to get friends to talk to each    other, enemies to talk to each other, anyone who can to just talk instead of    beating each other about the head and torso. &nbsp;Sometimes it works and sometimes    it doesn't, and you get very schizophrenic as a result. &nbsp;But your heart    is in the right place, and sometimes also in New York.   Take the  Country  Quiz  at the  Blue Pyramid     
1	heyy. i`m at Rachels house. :)  We skipped school to go to marks show at 11 oclock in the morning! lol then skyler and lauren came over to rachels and watched some movies. they left a while ago, but i`m still here (obviouslY)! we`re watching some dumb movie that`s on tv. it`s seriously dumb. i don`t get it at all!  hope everyone had a kickass new years.  i know i did. :)
1	We meet tomorrow, Thursday, at  19:00 , at Ayelet's, to read the second part of the eighteenth book of the  Iliad .  I will be showing some pictures, paintings, and poems, beside the usual annotated reading of the text.
1	   Sir Bors   A humorous and joking person. You will probably, if not already, have lots of children someday.      Which King Arthur Knight Are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	  Hey everybody, I’m new here =] I’m really looking forward to being a part of this community since it seems filled with ppl that share the same interests that I do. If anyone would like to get to know me, let me know and I’m sure I’d love to get to know all of u. ~ Vannessa  
1	So last night's game was awesome. kept to nine innings even!   Aaaand here's the rest of my week:  Today: 10:15 English 11:45 Anatomy 2 pm Practice trumpet 5 pm Jazz Choir 8 pm Red Sox game  Thursday: Lab Chem test JLC at the Paradise! yay! with Lorrah, Nyssie, Matt, Cyndi, and her friend Joe.   Friday: JLC in Providence! woot!  Saturday: Winners on wheels dinner with Dad  Sunday: Lunch with Ruthie Chilling with JC Robie Attic party
0	Today was my day off.  But I really did not have a good day.  I woke up this morning to someone telling me there is a new dress code that we have to wear.  Now they have us in full battle rattle because of the mortar rounds going off.  Three civilians were killed last night and now we have a bunch of b s gear we are wearing.  The stuff is useless.  I am getting more and more disgruntle.    I talked to John and the children.  That is good.  Don't call my buddy as much but I miss her all the same.  I email her as much as possible. I called Darron and now he said he thought I was his baby moma and he would never say that to anyone about me and he is sorry if that is what I think he misses me and want me to be with him.  I don't want to go through the drama so how do I tell him about John.  I am open to suggestions.
1	My check to Corwood industries has cleared and my Jandek albums are on the way. (If you have no idea what I'm talking about you are not alone.)
1	YAY, My dad is in town!  (if you didnt know, he is working in Iraq right now) so, he was mad because the travel agent messed up his flight arrangements so he lost his airline miles...but instead he road first class all the way.  I know flying from here to Iraq is a lot of miles...but first class for free!!! i would take that any day.  especially since he is over 6 foot and not a small man.    other than that nothing really to report  i like when Ben comes into town.  seeing him makes it seem more like home here even though it is only every other month or so.
0	I was blow-drying my hair this morning and what did I find?!?  A GRAY HAIR!!  I quickly yanked it out so I would never have to look at it again, but I'm still horribly disturbed by this! We do not gray early in my family,  my grandma was like 60 when she started graying, so this is totally not normal.  I am only 21! I should not be pulling gray hairs out of my head!  Unacceptable!  I am really disturbed by this whole thing.
0	so someone please tell me why i ever fell in love?? ok it did bring me Ashlynn, but it also brought me much pain!! to sum it all up, i havent seen drew since sat night, and only for like an hour cause he got to my house at like 11 at night! then tonight he played basketball with the boys and he supposedly had these plans a long time ago. yea right!! it seems like i am living the life a single parent! i dont think this would have bothered me like a year ago if i didnt see him allthe time, but now it does cause he has a baby and i think that it is his responsibilty to see her all the time since HE DOESNT LIVE WITH HER! i guess i am overly dramatic! i just know that i never make plans at night cause he usually comes over. well i guess thats all about to change...
1	okay, I made it so the picture is there with every post.  For a while, since I've just been defaulting all the time, they're all going to pretty much be the same.  But I also bought two months with lj, so I can get more and make it prettierrrrrr!  I'm not sure what to make into icons!  I'm awfully excited about it, though :D  OMG I KNOW WHAT TO MAKE INTO ICONS LSKJFLSDKJFDSKFJ YAY THIS MAKES ME HAPPY.  IT'S THE ICON CHARLIE MADE ME FOR AIM IT HAS LOTS OF GREAT THINGS AND PEOPLE!!!!  It didn't fit allllll my favorite things and people, but I can make individual icons for those.  Man, I'm awfully excited.
0	hey. pj is now going out with kelli yay! im happy for his cuz hes been trying to get her like forever so thats cool. but i dont have ne 1 ne more. but i know what i want and ill wait forever for it. yeah...i just found out some shit and im totally like messed up over it. o well nobody gives a shit
0	It's not because of any one event, but because of a lot of things that have happened and things I've talked to people about, but the world feels crummy.  Life feels like it's so unfair and it stinks right now. Nothing's ever right.
0	Million Dollar Baby was a terrible movie.  It was soo*10^500 depressing.  I really should not have watched it before trying to get to sleep.  Couldn't fall asleep until 4am.    Sideways, on the other hand, was an AWESOME movie.  I loved it.  It did definitely deserve an R rating, but I like movies where the ultimate loser maneges to turn his life around.  There was a lot of talking at times, but that wasn't really all that bad.  It might help a little bit knowing a little about wine, but it won't ruin the movie if you don't.  You have to love a movie where the first line is "ahhhh fuck."
0	im starting not to like the name sarah so much.... :(
1	There are crocuses and daffodils coming up in our front yard!  :)  YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
0	Last Sunday/Monday was the final snowstorm of the year for Colorado.  Tuesday, I broke my ankle. Gonna be at least another 2 months before I can ride again.   sigh... 
1	now i know that ya'll gettin me all my presents...lol j/p...but no really...anywho, i got my nails done and they have a butterfly! yea and then devin's getting me bracelets to show our deep deep deep deep love for each other...I LOVE YOU DEVIN!!!well hopefully i get everything i want for my birthday...LOVE YOU ALL!!  Desiree's birthday list:  1. My Chemical Romance-Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge  2. The Used-In Life and Death  THE COUNTDOWN BEGINS PEOPLE!!
1	 I'm really tired and I have a lot of work tomorrow, but I'm talking to her, and I don't want to go to bed. I enjoyed today so much. We were really close; I didn't want it to end. And I have cookies sitting here on my desk, courtesy of Dan. They’re very tempting, but…*eats one*…*yum*  “The perfect guy.” …highly doubt that…  To her, perhaps…I just see so many flaws in myself that it’s difficult to understand, sometimes. Sure, it’s flattering, and I don’t mind that.  Is that selfish?    And I forget just why I taste Oh yeah, I guess it makes me smile I found it hard, it’s hard to find Oh well, whatever, nevermind… 
0	I had a double-ended discussion about my current situation.  It's nice to have friends who will support you when it seems like everyone else is against you.  I wish my parents could be a little more understanding sometimes...they take things the wrong way, they act like they know me, but in reality they don't...I try to show them the real me and they just dont seem to understand...  I'll leave it at that for now, perhaps I'll elaborate in a future entry.  Going to sleep now, but I can't help but feel a little...
0	it's like nobody likes me and wants to talk to me anymore ;_;, did i do something??
1	Some baka at my house downstairs actually thought that im one of the boys that works at the Crab restuarant...juz becos i wear a cap and dress sorta jappy doesn't means i work there LoL...well well...i might consider working there though after i come back from my taiwan trip...good pay i think hoho...  Anyway i got tired of waiting for my download to finish...damn slow...went to AMK Central Comic Shop to buy 仙剑奇侠传 VCD...got 10% discount cos im a member...cost me 40+...yay i can watch it without waiting le ^^
0	Okay, I officially flunked my first final. Well okay it isn't really official, but I swear to god I flunked!  It was my final in medieval history, and lets just say I didn't even know some of the latin names they asked about... They didn't ask ONE SINGLE DATE, or ONE SINGLE KING or anything I learned for that matter. I studied my butt off, and for what? I am so dissapointed.... ARGH!!!!
1	so im sitting in my room right now..just finished reading some economics..im going to work out in about 20 mins...dont have much planned until friday..then im going home until wednesday..hopefully seeing some people i havent seen in a while. Then wednesday im going up to plattsburgh with diana until sunday :)..we'll have a great time as always... and then im coming back here. should be a good week..anyone whos gonna be home this weekend that i havent seen in a while..let me know...see ya
1	I'm making dinner tonight.  It's health food night at the Boone residence.  BAM!  Oh, and did I mention I'm getting our new video cards today?  Any minute now my knight in shining navy blue armor will ride up on a big white Fedex steed and save the day.
1	5...4...3...2...1 Quinn got jacked... it just had to happen.   I _____ Erin Erin is _____. Erin thinks a lot about _______. When I think of _________, I think of Erin If I were alone in a room with Erin, I'd ______. I want to _____ Erin Someday Erin will _____. Erin, _____. Memories of Erin are _____. Erin can be _____. Worst thing about Erin is _____. Best thing about Erin is _____. I am ________ with Erin If I could describe Erin in a word: _______
1	Happy Birthday Richard!!!!!  Tee hee!                    btw, it's been number 2 now!
0	    A PERFECT CIRCLE LYRICS      "Imagine"   Imagine there's no heaven, It's easy if you try, No hell below us, Above us only sky, Imagine all the people living for today...  Imagine there's no countries, It isnt hard to do, Nothing to kill or die for, No religion too, Imagine all the people living life in peace...  You may say Im a dreamer, but Im not the only one, I hope some day you'll join us, And the world will live as one.  (Imagine all the people sharing all the world)  Imagine no possesions, I wonder if you can, No need for greed or hunger, A brotherhood of man, Imagine all the people Sharing all the world...  You may say Im a dreamer, but Im not the only one, I hope some day you'll join us, And the world will live as one.    
1	I have just found out that my first modula science (chemistry, and biology) I got a C in chem and was only one mark of getting a B and I got a D in biology and was only 2 marks away from a C. A major pain in the butt, but I'm happy with that:-D
1	Why do I find myself strangely turned on when I hear Stewart Murdoch say the word "fuck"....hmmmm...I'm wierd I guess. I just got an email from Rasputina's p.r. saying that I'll get to interview Melora....Yay!  Plus a copy of "Frustration Plantation" is on its way to me now. Yippie Ki Yay xoxo
0	I woke up from this dream to find that I was sleeping So I went back to sleep and I dreamed I was awake. I locked myself inside but you were on the outside I stood outside and watched but I couldn't let you in.  Maybe you could see inside yourself.  Wrote a letter to myself, but I couldn't bare to send it. So I tore it up and wrote a letter to a friend.  If only you could know that growing up means letting go Maybe then you'd grow up by yourself.  I'm growing up again... I'm learning to accept that all good things must come to an end. I'm growing up again... I'm trying to understand what it's like To let go of a friend.  All I can think about is Matt. I had class with him this morning and afterwards we had to go talk to a prof about our project. It was awkward- I didn't know what to say or how to act. Despite all of this, he was being completely nice to me. At least we have kindness. Nonetheless, I hope things get better because I don't know how much longer I can take this!
0	Well it looks like UPN has Cancelled Enterprise...this is the last season.This season which has turned out to be some of the best trek writing i've seen in the long time wasn't enough to save it from the early years.You never know..the fan base out there is pretty give and just might get a 2nd chance if people yell enough.
1	Today I created a community called _theparlour  It's going to be full of Victorian goodness.  ^_^   Today I worked on my black and white striped scarf.  I got a lot done.  I fiddled with my hair today.  I brushed it up on top of my head, so that I looked like a demented genie.  I didn't end up keeping it like that, because it felt weird.  I may give it another shot. I worked on my sewing course, and finished a section.  Woohoo!  I love sewing, and learning more about technique.  I've almost finished the course.  Soon I'll learn how to draft my own patterns.  I look forward to it.  I'll make all sorts of things. I haven't made any ribbon flowers yet today.  I plan on making some tonight. Lately I've been thinking about how much I want to get a tattoo.  I guess I'll save up my money after I buy my camera. Today is my 81st without a cigarette.  I'm enjoying being a non smoker.  I spent a lot of money on cigarettes, and now I can use my money for me.
0	I've done nothing all day except watch re-runs of 7th heaven 3 different times today.......My Brittney friend left me a few mins ago :( i have no one to talk to now but that's okay because I'm going w/ them to Big Stone tomorrow I dunno why but hey it gets me out of the house so I'm all for it! I finally realized today just how big of an ass my father is I told him that I hated being at home and that he is the reason he just gave me this blank look and told me to leave the room *ugh* he makes me so mad sometimes I just wish I could have a little bit of freedom and for so much stuff to not be "expected" of me but he doesn't understand it's like talking to a brick wall.......I feel like no one understands sometimes.......well i guess that's all for now .....Goodbye  &lt;*&gt;ALISSA
0	okay so i woke up this afternoon and i couldnt get on the internet. and still i cant get on now, idk y. i have an IP address, my wireless has a strong signal, and it says its connected. my mom and i have done everything we could think of and then for the past 2 and half hrs we've been on the phone with diff companies tryin to figure out and no one knows. so and i'm ready to tell my mom not to even worry bout it nemore and i will just use her comp when she's not on it i guess kinda like i am now. i just wanna kno y it's being stupid. :( but theres nothin i can do and i'm kinda tired. so i'm out
0	Last night, Founder and former member of Pantera. Dimebag Darrel was shot at point plank on stage during the opening song of Damage Plan. Nathan Gale! the fuck who shot him, also shot 4 others including a club employee, a bouncer, and  2 fans in the crowd. this is a very sad day, very sad indeed...     Pantera      Dimebag      Young Dime        one of my first influences into guitar, a Metal God dead, but his legend lives on. 
0	People are dumb.  And, apparently, illiterate.  I put up my Shakespearian magnetic poetry set when I moved in, and so far the only gem that has been put together by anyone other than me reads his almost hast nay our use yield you In other news, tonight is the night that we come together to celebrate ... free food at the dorm's Super Bowl party.  What, any of you were excited about something else?  ;)  I may or may not bother watching for the commercials; last year they were pretty dull.
0	just when i feel something really good...it goes really bad. it felt like this could be different but again i was wrong. again. i'm give up. the bad thing is i'd fall for you again in second.
0	Don't you hate it when one thing makes you sad, and then any other thing related to sad is magnified by 48%? So on the way home from work tonight there was a rabbit in the road who had obviously been hit, but was still alert and looking around. It broke my heart to leave it there, but every time I take in an injured rabbit it endes up dying, either from it's injuries or because it won't eat or simply from fright at being in captivity. Then "Stargate SG-1" tonight had a sad ending, and even "Monk" had a sad ending. Sad + 48%. Poor bunny.
0	I was denied knowing BSA and SGA results, even after people for both said I would know the results today.  Today sucks.
1	Spring Break starts today!!!!  Alabama and Maryland here I come!  Can't wait to see my Lancaster Girls!
0	It comes to something when I'm impatiently waiting for a character I used to love to get his pathetic stalker arse  off  the damn screen so we can get back to the parts where my Big Gay Cop Show just keeps on breaking my heart in the very best of ways.  (substitute Cop for Vampire and this all starts to get eerily familiar....)  I now have to go wash eyeliner off my cheeks.
1	Look, I found one! Hehe :) Rainbow Brite, for all those of you born in the 80's!! Rock on!!    I have come to the conclusion that I HATE anime....
1	Mary and I made an offer on a house that we're interested in buying yesterday.  Depending on how things go we could have a place of our own by the end of June.  I think we're both really looking forward to having a place with a lot more room then our whimpy one bedroom apartment.
1	all i care about is the terror show show on the 8th fuck the rest of you ahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	I just took the test at  this site.   The typical results given were as follows:  Self-Confidant Non-Shy Men: 114.3  Healthy College Males: 103.9  Young (University) Love-Shy Men: 47.8  Older Love-Shy Men: 38.6   I scored a 33.  :P
0	 ...cause i'm just a teenage dirtbag baby....   today was a rollercoaster day. it was good then bad then good :) then eh. so i got rejected from ccsu. that sucks. i suck. everything sucks.  but then my super amazing boyfriend made me happy like usual :) . then i had to work and i didnt want to go!!! but atleast today was my last day, so i got presents and cheesecake and chinese which was awesome. this creepy guy came in and was like being a creepy creeper.   tomorrow is new years eve. wooooohoooo big partttyyy!!! only not. well atleast not till 11, and even then its not going to be that big, just me and jim... starting new years with a bang???? hahahahahahaha!   well im off to another dance party!
1	Damn, ever catch a song on the radio that you haven't heard in a while that means a lot to you?  That happened to me on the way home from work. The song in question was "You Oughta Know" by Alanis Morisette.  I sang my little heart out to the song over and over again, even after I turned my car off and was gassing it up.  Funky side effect, cute girl also gassing up her car said I had a beautiful voice!  I happen to agree with her, I can kick serious ass singing, just not much talking ;)  Anyway, when I got home I went straight to the CD collection and yes, I still have Jagged Little Pill, so I've been singing alot more since then :D  I feel so free when I'm singing, ya know?  Umm, not much else today, maths teacher was speaking in weird tongues trying to explain to us math problems with no numbers in them... *shivers*  Oh!  Going out dancing with co-workers on Friday!   Should be nice and embarassing in that good way...
1	I'm numb-- I can't feel- You've done this. I wanted all- Not to hurt. Thank You-- your Kind gesture. I don't hurt- I can't feel. Thank you Dentist.  LOL That's my crack at poetry... now all you real writers can laugh at me.  So if you haven't already guessed... I went to the dentist today.  Yesterday I was flossing and the floss got caught on one of my fillings and so after struggling for a while I finally yanked it out... but my filling came with it.  So I had to get it refilled.  And I'm numb right now.  lol
1	Here's where I'm gonna start keeping most of my aikido related blog material.  LJ is gonna be my personal, ranting place... :)   http://ibaraki-bryan.blogspot.com/  
1	TOM FREAKING PETTY IS COMING AGAIN!!! WOOOOO!!! I WANT TO SEE HIM....AGAIN...HA. I WANT PAVILION SEATS THIS TIME, THOUGH....$58..BOO.. AAHHH I WANT TO SEE THEM AGAIN!!!!!!   This weekend was beyond amazing. 'Twas quite awesome. I'm ssooo grateful for everything that's going on now... :)  That's all I got.
0	id make one of those survey things that everyone has but. no one would do it
1	Just wanna say merry Xmas and you all have a wonderful holiday! I'll be heading back to HK tomorrow early in the morning. I know the airport is gonna be a mess but I hope our flight won't be affected that much. See you all when I'm back in 3 weeks!
1	So, the old guy's back. And he's got a score to settle with an  old toot  who ran off with his loins'.  "Bleaching 'em", my ass. You paraded 'round Isenguard with 'em hangin' off your member, ya little turd! Hell, have some pity on the  Urukhai , willl ya? An ass THAT wrinkled belongs in the Mirkwood Sausage pepperoni bin, not under a loin', see!  So, spendin' the days churning butter and stuffing mounds of Polish sausages with  Thrands , I see Ol' Oropher's behind on the gossip! What's this craze sweepin' the place? Somethin' bout  naughty carrots ?   (slaps Mayor's back)   Gettin' creative with that newage cattle manure, hey  little guy ?
1	      All bundled up and ready for winter...   My little red winter play sute. I was sure having fun.... I actually remember this sute. Through the hazy mist of time somethings just stay with you.             Lee my Big Brother, Me       whurdsderodan   ,   My Grandmother and my other Big Brother Dana. In the background you can see the Tree with all blue ornaments.       My Grandmothers Christmas Tree... For the first time ever I put Red Ornaments on it... All my life I have only seen it with all blue ornaments...It looks nice! I hope Grandmother aproves...  
0	It's worth the hype; I highly recommend it.  However, If you're coming off a break-up, wait a bit after valentine's day.  I kinda wish I knew this less from personal experience, but I guess serendipity can go both ways.  Not unlike non-sequiturs, for an interesting double negative non-parallel.  In other news:  Valday was fun, aside from completely forgetting about someone who was counting on me.  Chalk it up to either a blithe absent mindedness or just an evil personality, or some combination thereof.  Looks like I'm not going to get my MS; the research isn't done by the time it must needs be.  Strangely, though I know I shouldn't be, I find myself relieved.  Mom goes in for surgery on tuesday; any positive vibes, prayers, or leftover positive karma would be appreciated.
1	On Boxing Day I shot with Tryste       visual_graffiti    for the first time. Despite the bitterly cold weather I think we managed to create some beautiful images :).  I had to change the location just 20 minutes before the start of the shoot because the place where we planned to start was locked up and we could not get past the gates.  Thanks Tryste for a lovely day.  I hope you enjoy these, we certainly enjoyed creating them, despite the cold.                     
1	Alicia is a fucking supercool biatch and I love her...
1	Hmmm, I tried to think of something a little less vague but here is what I came up with.   Challenge:  Validation  Length:  500+  Canon:  Yes  Time:  One week  Whether the characters are seeking validation or already convinced that they're right, let's see what you can do.
1	   I LOVE Cosmetology school!!!  &nbsp;&nbsp;    :-)  
1	I’ll update a little later this week; however, I just wanted to post Denise’s away message tonight…it was just so sweet!!   “I love Joel soooooo much....no one even knows!!!  Thank you for everything you do...it doesn't go unnoticed...even the simple things are so much better with you :-)  I &lt;3 Joel!!!”  I love her so much...
0	*thinks she will go crazy*  These kittens are making my life a living hell!! They're at least 6 weeks old now. &gt;_&lt; I'm gunna miss 'em. Who will claw up my pants when they leave? Who will jump skyhigh when I sneak up on them? Who will be the pain-in-the-ass when my bro is asleep? *cries*
1	WHOOHOOO!!!!  My bro told me I had a tax return.. WHOO HOO!!! He has to recalculate cause I got a last paper for reductions so WHOO HOOOO! I hope I have enough to pay for a Dream of Doll or at least get Sacralita (and transform her) OOOH I hope I have enough to pay for a Dream of doll =D I so want one!!!!  Also I got a slip that the post office received Shun's wig =D WAAAAAAI!!!!  So this week end I'll take pictures of my nice little Shun =D
1	   Merry Xmas to all the lovely people at Livejournal.... Specially to my friends...   
1	I just wanted to say that I hope all of you have a very Merry Christmas!
0	i haven't felt this bad since...well, the last time she left.  maybe this is unhealthy. but i am not happy.
1	sadly folks, it would go like this wouldn't it?       If you got your hands on a time machine.. by   MrsBadExample        Username           The name of the machine           The time you TRIED to get to           The song you have stuck in your head when you arri    Celebration      The insane scientist    manticore_11      The saucy vixen    chairmandoney      That guy who's totally out to get you    azrael_feind      The person who figures you're not from their time    miriya      Leader of the lynch mob    ahrynaan112      The time area you actually landed in    The Renaissance      You wind up..    ...dead, and in Social Studies books for all eternity.        Your chance of survival: 95%                                                                                               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
1	it's  been  six months.  today.   (yes i realize that entry isn't from the 14th, but it's pretty much when i knew.)   i love you julie.
1	GO MARGARET! GO RED! and GO SB AND ALL HER LITTLE BUDS. GO MIZUNO!  gonna go see saved tonight. muy excited.
0	      PARENTAL      ADVISORY      HADAK CONTAINS EXPLICIT LYRICS       How true is that?  Today marks two months.&nbsp; Two months of anguish, and pain.&nbsp; it hurts no less today, than the day she left me....and it's killing me. i swear to god.  in case you were wondering, that's why i've been so quiet... and that's why i'll probably continute to be quiet...
1	Greetings! I've just recently joined as well. Most of what I know about the Algonquin comes from Harpo Marx's pseudoautobiography "Harpo Speaks!" so please humour me if my knowledge revolves mostly around him and Alexander Woolcott... and croquet... ^_- Which, by the way, is an excellent book. I'd recommend it to anyone.
1	I got a belated valentine today from one of the teens in my advisory board.   This  is why I do what I do.  Because it matters to the kids I work with.  "Happy Valentine's Day, Christi!  (or day after really)  Now, not to get all mushy and gushy, but I want to say a few things.  Thank you  so  mad much for creating YAB.  I absolutely love it and am always looking forward to the next meeting.  And thanks for being such a great friend.  I love having someone who's 'older and wiser' but still mad 'young and hip' to talk to.  Coming to the library is now a lot more fun.  Thanks for everything."  That makes it all worthwhile.
0	Both of these are from Kellie's LJ.           Your Brain is 53.33% Female, 46.67% Male            Your brain is a healthy mix of male and female  You are both sensitive and savvy  Rational and reasonable, you tend to keep level headed  But you also tend to wear your heart on your sleeve         What Gender Is Your Brain?   
1	These next few days will be some of the busiest.  I have four performances in four days and then finals week will be upon me.  It's amazing that everything has been moving so fast.  It seems like just yesterday I was at Comicon in that line for Starbucks.  Tomorrow, the Irish traditional music group that I'm in, Barghest, is performing tomorrow at 12 PM on in Bruin Plaza.  It'll hopefully go well and if it does, I'll be happy.  I want to get a nice recording of it so that I can look back on it.  Also, it's Peter's birthday today.  I'm really sorry that I was not able to be with him on his special day, but I talked to him nevertheless.  I hope he had a wonderful day!  He's no longer my husky pup, but my husky dog!  I love you, Peter!  I'm very tired right now and I need sleep, so I will get some.  Goodnight!
0	A tear falls down your cheek, and you don't know how to feel There's nobody left to tell you whats in your heart Its a stabbing sensation, only the knife has white chocolate Reeses on it. That is what I felt when the mighty Chiefs fell prey to the Chargers.    Pangs of silence         From the room upstairs         How's the view there?         Do you read what there saying about you?         That your no fun         Since the war was won         In fact you have become, all of the things you've always run from.
1	I'm heading out to hunt buffalo tonight.  Those damn hairy animals with horns and attitude!  They say you bring one down by grabbing them around the horns and giving them a twist.  Anyway...it will be fun!  I'll be hanging out at the 5 Spot tonight so come on down and see the show!
1	Woohoo...For the next couple of days...I finally have peace from my roommate...She's over in Georgia right now...Visiting family...And not only that...My father will be landing in Philly in about...4 hours from now...Im totally excited I get to show him...What I've been doing on this side of the US...We're going to New Hope tonight...Hopefully NYC on Tuesday Weather permitting...And Philadelphia on Wednesday to drink up...I'm toooo excited to type anymore...  Laterz
0	empty thoughts fill my head and everything just begins to unwind, hopefully everything will be fine. hope-blah-blah . . . who cares anyway.
1	I just have to say that I had an AMAZING weekend.  Thanks to everyone who helped to make it that way!  I seriously had the best time.
0	Hey Lovers*!  Not much to talk about all except I lost one of my friends*! ERIN ROGERS*! I love her so*! I am going to miss all the bitching at people and and the I will kick your ass attitude*! I am going to miss the walking down the hall way and we flipping each other off*! That was great fuN*! WoW I am going to miss everything about her!*  Well later loves*! Leav eme some*!  Heather
1	   Hi!     This is a fun read:  Sex Tips For Geeks: Sex and Consequences .  I hope you enjoy it half as much as I did.  The only real problem with the writing style is that it is written from a relentlessly male point of view, even though almost all of it applies equally to both (all?) genders.     -(Cheers)       generalist   
1	Came back home to collect some warm clothes, blankets and food. Not very many people showed up and I'm kind of happy about that. We're having a great time!  I'm getting to know Steven and Joy better since I've hardly talked to them before now. The guys that run the place are dirty old men. They're funny as hell. It's been cold but it hasn't really rained yet, which is nice.  I love camping!!
1	i'm new and just wanted to say hi :-)  i saw piebald for the first time in cleveland earlier this month and they were greatness.  although i almost died...that's ok!  it was awesome  yes, i'm done
1	 aaaaaaaaaaaah i'm  22 !!!     goodbye youth! hahaha. oh well. looking forward to another year of wisdom and experiences!   
1	aislinn is awesome.   in no particular order...  -she's compassionate.  -she talks to every animal she sees.  or almost.  and has to pet them.  except Satan's cat.  -we go to protests together. -she makes good vegan cookies. -she's compassionate.   -we go on runs together. -we take walks together. -she's affectionate. -she's comfortable. -she's intellectual. -she's silly. -she's a master of empathy. -she's got good taste in food, music, movies... -she's sincere. -she's sexy. -her cat is the best cat in the world.  and that is an unbiased opinion.  but my dog will always be the best pet in the world.     -she doesn't want anything from me except...me.
0	Oh man. what a strange day. James gave me a sleeping pill last night... and it made me feel absolutly horrible. I'd fallen asleep with my knees on the floor and my torso on the bed...     but yeah. all day i've felt horrible. that's definately the last time i do anything like that. Ruined my friggin day off.   oo. i'm talking to brittany now. score.            wish i were Mahatma Ghandi.
1	 I &lt;3 my new server.  I &lt;3 it so much that if I were a full machine I would marry it.  What I &lt;3 most about it today is that I was able to install XML::Simple and have it work, finally (long story, old platform, yes, really  that  old).  I &lt;3 the cpan too, but that is a different rant.  I can get rid of so much tedious ugly stuff that no one but me understands now that my server can parse XML!  I can put huge amounts of config data into simple XML files that anyone can update!  Whee!  I &lt;3 w3c schemata too.  But that's yet another rant.  Oh boy oh boy I do so &lt;3 my new server!!!  And I &lt;3 happy code Friday!    Things are crusin' right along...    :-) 
0	I took another damn test...        You scored as  Emo .        Emo             88%       Indie             75%       Loner             75%       Goth             44%       Ghetto             38%       Geek             31%       Poseur             25%       Punk             19%       Prep             19%        What stereotype would you be labeled as?   created with  QuizFarm.com     Look Sqrrl, im more Indie than you and your pitiful 38%, bah.  Emo, eh? Best go wack out the razor, turn of the light and close the curtains, before sitting in the corner crying...hey wait a minute!?  Kill Program
0	wow everyone sick but me! mwhahahahaha I GOT A FLU SHOT!!! hahahahah!!!   so today i got talking to the new owner becuase the new contracts came out.  so i talked to him about me taking the month of may off and he's not promising me anything. so i have 2 options  1.  don't sign the new contract and be treminated on April 4th when the store gets handed over and get severants pay  2. Sign the contact a work for 3 weeks and the quit   i'm leaning towards my first option but boy would my parents be pissed when they get home! all i know is this i will not be working at Java or Daily Grind for very long.  :(
1	I just realized how long it has been since I last posted, while I doubt that I'll ever make the list of top 10 posters on LJ, I should probably post at least once a month, I blame WoW it's been stealing my free time  .   Well I just checked to see how much leave I have left, more than I thought  , so since Friday and Monday are public holidays here, I'm tasking the rest of next week off, whatever shall I do with all the free time?  
1	WOW! Just finished watching the entire three and a half hours of the Olympic Opening Ceremonies. It was stunning and dramatic and beautiful and.. wow. Seriously. I cried. Bravo Athens!  *in awe*  Good luck to all countries. Let the games begin..
1	Went to Anime Expo a week ago, had a blast. Would have been better if I could have gone with friends.       white_aster    and       mailechan   , I hope I can see you at Anime Central next year.  Spent lots of money, got lots of cool stuff. Like Suikoden and Inuyasha manga, a transforming Escaflowne figure, and a nice cel of Sanga & Kirara from Inuyasha (something I've been wanting for a long time).  I have your drabble written, Maile, but I've been too lazy to type it. Please forgive me. I'll do it soon.
1	[ Error:  Irreparable invalid markup ('&lt;img [...] lunchy&quot;&gt;') in entry.  Owner must fix manually.  Raw contents below.]   &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.deviantart.com/large/indyart/photo/Lunchy_Lunchy.jpg&quot; alt&quot;Lunchy Lunchy&quot; /&gt;  Thanks to my freind jess 
0	Oh Gawd........just finished Lord of the Flies. I'm so depressed.  Going to go and lie on my bed and feel depressed. Maybe I should read something to cheer me up, as a sort of antidote? Like an Agatha Christie? Hm.
0	The other night my pap fell while trying to get into bed.  Well, they called the ambulance and took him to the hospital.  The doctor gave him a catscan.  They found a bloodclot in his brain.  They life-flighted him to Danville and did surgery.  Then it was a minute by minute thing..whether he would live or not.. I guess today he is better.  Less chance of ..yeah.  I'm happy for that.  I got the only 100% in all of Business Math on the Tax Forms test.  That's STELLAR.  Heaven.  Heaven.  It's so rainy..I wish it'd snow.  Or be sunny.   I'm kind of sad today.  I wish I wasn't.
1	i had lunch at my old friends house today... we hadnt really gotten together for a long time, so it sorta felt like a "reunion", filling each other out on all the stuff that we had been up to. well... i swear, it was love at second sight. he would make the perfect boyfriend... he is really nice to everyone; treats his family so well... he is so kind... he swims, so he is muscley without looking like the hulk. you can just see enough muscle... ooomph! hes not bad looking i guess... and he goes to private school! lol, that is like perfect.   im glad i went to lunch today... and now i get to see him once a week at fellowship... lol, im not complaining. i got my eye on him. who cares about the other guys i "thought" i liked. he weighs them out 10000 to 1. =D
0	Oxymornical, no? No, it makes perfect sense. I now have nine diagonnal cuts that I got handling an unruly roll of chicken wire. Or so I'm told. One cut for each time I extended the end. And yesterday was the last one. But I'm still dreaming about you. If you were to come and say hi just one more time....then it wouldn't be the end. For some reason I felt peaceful when I left. I was content, empty, cold, nostalgic, alone. And it was peaceful. Later, it was torment. But then, that was later. And later, and later, and later. The time just keeps passing. Second following second, minute following minute, hour following hour, and year following year. And still I have yet to say hello...
0	I just came back from my uncle's wake.  My grandma and my auntie are very sad.  They just got married last year and its only 1 more month to their 1st anniversary.  Auntie is only 25, about 3 to 4 years my junior.  Imagine the pain of loss of your partner... how is she going to face it?  When I was at the wake, one of other uncles ask me when will I be getting married because grandma missed out on my brother's wedding.  Grandma cried saying that I better get settle down as her time may be up too...  she may not be able to attend another grandson's wedding...  ;(  I am the next grandson in line as the other cousins are much younger than me... think none of them are in their 20s yet.  Well, at least my niece will be born in May, so at least grandma can get to see little niece...
1	ok so this coming friday you all are invited to my PARENTS house for a party in bloomfield. BYOB. bring whoever you want. however no baligerant assholes allowed. you can sleep over if you want to. i havent seen anybody in a long time and i want everyone to come over and have a have a good drunk time with me!!!! please give me a call. 229-4127
1	Today was normal for me... it seems like everyday is. A couple of people got moved around today, nothing unusual. But I heard that we are getting a new student :-D hopefully a senier, a girl at that :-P. That would be awesome since all the people I know now have been going to that school for at least 3 years now. The last hour of school was awefully quiet. I don't think I have ever heard it so quiet for the last hour of school. Well I have youth tonight as usual. It's March break next week and I still have absolutely nothing to do. The Passion Play at Queensway is coming up and I can't wait to go :-D  its gonna be better than last year (as it always is)
1	If any of you are actually interested in a free i pod offer then read on this is for the US, UK, Canada, Ireland...:  Before anyone critiques the reliability of this website and it's offers i'd like to point out the following feature on newsnight:   HERE   A friend's very good friend has passed on information about a giveaway being done by ipod.  He has checked it out directly with the Apple Store and they have confirmed that it is a legitimate direct marketing ploy.       www.freeiPods.com/?r=17318493   Just click on the link above and sign up.  The DVD offer is the best as it gives you 14 days to cancel the contract and they won't charge you.  It takes about 5 days for the offer to be confirmed so just sit tight till then and refer some friends.  Sorry if you've heard about it already but as I know for a fact this works I thought I may as well spread the love and your generosity will be returned!
0	 http://www.nike.com/canada/nikehockey/l ockout/   I've been gone because I didn't have internet, and I don't really have the motivation or the time to go to school just to go on the internet and update my live journal.   But anyway, I got my internet back, so I guess the semi-regular updates will be back. Not that anybody reads anyhow.
1	Happy birthday to us!  Sixteen years ago we were born, and the world rejoiced.  A pearl and lotus flower, all for you to see.  Hogwarts, you truly are blessed!   *squee*  I love you Padma! Happy Birthday, sister!
0	Bye everybody! Hugs for all! I'm leaving in...half an hour! Ack! No more bagels!!!!!!! How will I survive?  I get to meet my host family today. I have 4 older sisters!! I get to be the baby! And they have 2 dogs! Yay! Well that's about it. I'll try to update when I can. Ja!
1	 my seasonal affective disorder is in full swing today!   nothing but smiles.   i HEART 60 degree weather.   i would marry it, if it we're marry-able.      i had my first ever 1st period tardy today.   mr. moskal congratulated me.   what a guy      my mom went grocery shopping today,   and bought me a years worth of food.   one item included a tub of cotton candy,   which made me the happiest kid alive.       i love my mom.      track meAt today.   i didnt do anything.   thats how i like it.      no really, i woudlve if i actually knew how to do my event.   next time.      lindsey spit a mouthfull of milk on me today in lunch.   that was probably the highlight of my day.      that, and at the meet justin singing...   "myyyyy pancakes bring all the boys to the yard!...wait...its milkshake isnt it?"   oh, justin.      today was a great day.      k, thats it.
1	I was the recipient of some FABULOUS news last night.        geisha_kitten69    and her hubby asked me to be the Fan Guest of Honor for ConFusion last night.  I honestly never thought that I would be a FGOH, considering that this is Crescent City Con's last year.  I accepted, of course.  It's an honor to even be considered.  When they asked me, I started crying and laughing...they probably thought that I was insane.  The convention is going to be next year in July.  I even gave them a panel idea...I want to be roasted.  I want to get flat out stinking drunk and laugh hysterically at people making fun of me, and then lay into them with both barrels and a good helping of pucker in me.  Yeah, it's going to be a late night panel, with lots of booze and cursing and laughter.  I'm really happy, and really excited.  Thanks again, guys.  It's such an honor.
0	I am so lonely.  And depressed.  Work seems to be better, but coming home is getting to me.  I miss Jose so very much.  I thought it would be easier day to day without him but it gets harder instead.  I thought that maybe I could move on, meet other people, but how can I do that when I know that he is the one that I truly want to be with?  DAMN DAMN DAMN I am just so confused and sad right now.  Last night I did a really stupid thing.  I overdosed on some of my blood pressure medication.  I didn't feel anything last night, but I think I may be feeling residual effects now.  I feel like my heart is beating really slow and there is actually a pain in my chest.   Why can't I get my life together????  Not only am I lonely I need to get myself together financially.  I think everything just got to me last night.  A really stupid thing for me to do.  I wish I had someone to talk to right now.
1	:O! I have been going through the last few days without knowing the dates, and this morning, I discovered it was the 30th of March! The day after the 29th! Which I told myself I would remember, and yet I made a post and forgot to do something really important:   HAPPY BIRTHDAY       carterhaugh   !   Thank you for being such an inspirational peer in this whole writing-thing, but more than that, a really encouraging friend who never fails to be encouraging or funny. Rock on! :D
0	There are two people I hate so much they are Ralph and Carlos.       They both mess up my life so much.  They make me very unhappy right now.  They are sometime I just wish I was not born.  I think that would make my mom or my friends happy.  I was unhappy ever since 12 th grade.  That summer after I graduation from high school  I start to eat less because that make me feel better and I even cry every night.  Nobody know about this feeling not even Michelle and my families and friends.  I try to be happy in front of my famiies and my friends.  Now I think everybody hate me and don't ilke me.  But some people don't understand how I feel.  There are sometime I just need a friend that I can talk too.
1	  &nbsp;&nbsp; Happy April Fool's Day Everyone!       &nbsp;      &nbsp;      P.S.- Only 30 days till my birthday now!! WOOP WOOP!!   
0	I can't write anymore!  I can't think anymore!  I hate it all!
0	i cant open my site again! damn!   serem masuk ipa, tadi aja, disuruh ngerjain kimia gue ga bisa. sebel. kayanya, gue anak terbego di ipa2 deh
1	Hey u guys. Well i am going to the movies tonight with my best friend (Daniel) and my big sister (Courtney). We are going to see "Mean Girl". I can't wait...that movie looks so funny and really good. Well I hope I like the movie. Also this tomorrow Daniel is having over some friends to play Halo! He thinks i wont be coming over well he is wrong..lol..I am going to have lots of fun bugging the boys. I hope they will let me play with them. Also i think we might be going swimming this weekend. I hope anyway!                                                               Love You,                                                               Michelle
1	Just got back from HD (plants, mop, caulk, etc.) and there was a message from Tonya (realtor). A lady wants to see the house now, before it shows. She's already lost out on two houses this month. And as I pulled up, there was someone else out front, taking down Tonya's number, too. Cool! This is just from the street sign.  Ok, Now I really have to bust ass getting place in shape before 2pm (when Tonya will show it).
1	I had a most wonderful and rewarding time with the lovely K today. Long and serious conversations about life and our respective futures. I do very much enjoy diving right into the meaty topics and skipping the lengthy chit-chat. Refreshing.  ^_^  We had brunch at Cedars on Brooklyn (her first time there), walked the Cowen-Ravenna trail for a good while after and then went north to Shoreline to visit with her cats for a bit. I'm spending a lot of time with a big grin on my face, it's pretty cool.        ocicat   's birthday dinner was fun and yummy, at Queen Sheba's, an Ethiopian restaurant on Capitol Hill. It was much fun to see everyone and see a couple new-ish folks again.  ***Hugs*** to everyone, just cuz! :-]
1	i got this email this morning from my father. he's a funny guy.  ---  First you got to drive.  Oops!  Dented the car.  Then you got to vote.  Oops!  Voted for some Democrat.  Now you can go to bars (a sure fire sign of adulthood according to the State).  Don't go drinking some watered down girlie beer.  If it doesn't look like it will change color on the way through it can't be good.  Don't get this wrong.    You are welcome to wait until I can give you some first hand advice.  But then your mother will be there to rein me in.  Looking forward to your next visit.  Anyway, Happy Birthday daughter of mine.  Take care of yourself.  Don't let your friends get you to party too much.  It's not worth the headache during class the next day.  And go somewhere you can walk back from.  Ahh, the one good thing about Cheney, it was so small you could walk anywhere in town.  Love, Your Aging Father
1	Off to Jaipur with Keshav by 3 pm today in Ashram Express. Halting tonight at Jaipur. Friday full day, sight seeing in Jaipur ( leav to Udaipur friday midnight ). Saturday full day, sight seeing in Udaipur ( leav to Agra saturday midnight ). Sunday full day sight seeing in Agra and Fatehpur Sikhri. Back in Delhi by late night on Sunday,Keshav has his flight to bangalore on monday early morning. More update ( may be with snaps !!:) ) once i am back.
0	I went and started downloading random music to see if I liked anything. I've found Tristania and some Frou Frou I really like, namely this thing called "Gothic Metal" for the first and "Come Here Boy" for the later. I'm obsessed.  I've been on a real writing kick. I've been working on my scripts and about two fanfics. I know, I know, fanfics aren't exactly the most respected, but for each I'm trying to include my own characters and do something that would never, ever happen in the shows. That should be the point of those stories in the first place.  I saw a Fromage marathon on MuchMusic. Out of all of them I think I loved his bashing of T.A.T.U. the most. "Oh look! We're not really trapped! We tried the other three walls!"
0	I am home for like 3 minutes. I am about to have to go back up to the school and rehearse for our talent show this week. I feel like i have just been hit with so much in the last five seconds. Emotionally there are some people in my life being very harsh. Physically I am very short of breath nauseaous and very hot....i never get hot im always freezing. Mentally I have so much to obtain right now. Its hard....This life is hard to live.
1	It's late in the evening She's wondering what clothes to wear She puts on her make up And brushes her long blonde hair And then she asks me Do I look alright And I say yes, you look wonderful tonight We go to a party And everyone turns to see This beautiful lady That's walking around with me And then she asks me Do you feel alright And I say yes, I feel wonderful tonight I feel wonderful Because I see the love light in your eyes And the wonder of it all Is that you just don't realize How much I love you It's time to go home now And I've got an aching head So I give her the car keys She helps me to bed And then I tell her As I turn out the light I say my darling, you were wonderful tonight Oh my darling, you were wonderful tonight
0	I think my hair is reverting to its natural straight state. The cute little spiral curls have turned wavy -- only a week after I got a perm. To think I comb it only before and after taking a bath, and apply leave-on conditioner religiously. The rest of the time, I just fingercomb and fluff it a bit.  Sigh.
0	im going to come home on my brithday im sorry kim but i cant make it for your =;.;=
0	Nicholas would like to say goodbye to Katie. I'll miss you.
1	I had a good weekend.  Friday nigh: Went to dinner with goth.chris. Managed to eat an entire vegie moon burger (normally I manage about half. Had much fun catching up.  Saturday: Went to Gregs... had fun playing Quake3, walking around Como and watching Stargate: Alantis.  Sunday: Went to harbour town with my mother and got lots of new clothes (including a pink jumper and CARGO PANTS!!!!!)    Very good weekend :)
1	Well, 5 and a quarter hours worth of bloody exams today! Not too bad I suppose lol. ven had time to work on the vocals for the new song with Dave and an acoustic guitar while sat in a cupboard hehe! We got our first practice in a while tomorrow which I'm really looking forward to coz it's always a good crack! I'll probably go back to bed in the afternoon like coz I'm shattered! Another day less now until Ang is home :):):) YAY! Gona be tres kewl to see her like! Met up with Hainesy and J.P today which was kewl. Saw them in the tavern on my way home from school so went in there for a bit then went to meet Jonesy! Had a laugh like! Probably meeting Ryan, Emma, Budgie, Russian and Nicol tomoz for a coffee on my way home which should be kool! HAHA, Emma looks like Avril Lavigne more so than ever now :p Gutted Emma!!
1	The Shamrock Run was fun! It took me 45 minutes to run 3 miles. I'm slow, but I still enjoyed it. I felt healthy. And my old school councilor was running with me, so I wouldn't be alone.   I got a haircut this weekend too; I look really spiffy.  I saw the trailer for the next Zelda game. I think I'm in love. I'm going to start fangirling Link like never before now.  I also saw the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy trailer, and I wouldn't mind seeing that movie at all. Especially considering the fact that it's   on my 17th birthday!   *squee*  And, if you didn't notice, the showcase of icons continues.
1	 omg omg omg omg .  And good luck to all you kids working on Seussical!   Don't let your brains explode .
0	my mother and i are not speaking at the moment.  fucking fabulous.
1	cause its almost saturday night.  getting nervouse just woke up and in about 2 hours i will make the biggest fool of myself. what ill do for a girl amazes me sometimes. ah but fuck it! shes a rabbit shes a rabbit shes a rabbit...
1	Well since     KoOkY!  and I went to the concert, the least I can do is post about it here!  It was GREAT!!  I had a really good time, to be sure.  I've not gone to a concert in about four years probably, but I had an excellent time!  Dream Theater was very good, and Yes was just amazing!!  One of the best shows I've seen them put on!  They did a great mix of songs, and even did a very cool acoustic set as well.  They had some nice funky acoustic versions of their songs that just sounded amazing!  Did I mention that I liked the show !  Well that is about all!
1	Today, I saw the movie Hidalgo. It was so great! I loved it. Viggo Mortenson was so great in it. He is so cool!  I liked how he had such a great relationship with this horse in the movie. Just like how I have a great relationship with my dog, Jedi! Woohoo!  Make sure you guys all go and see the movie. Trust me. Its good.  Seeing the desert in the movie was especially cool, since I know that I will go there this summer. I will even get a chance to live with some Bedouins! That will be really cool. This summer will be the experience of a lifetime.  I'm so excited!
1	IM DRIVING!! I GOT MY CAR!!!!!!! I HOPE U ALL HAD A GREAT CHRISTMAS, I KNOW I DID!! IF U NEED A RIDE... HESITATE TO ASK LOL... (SERIOUSLY, CEPT FPR A FEW PPL, WHO KNOW THEY CAN GET ONE WHENEVER THEY WANT)
0	i hope every1 who reads this is ok! i'm not 2 gd myself! but i'll get ova it! so depressed at the moment! n bein in keyskills doesn't help!
0	I'm sad. One of the dogs from the rescue centre I volunteer at, passed away a few hours ago. Bye Luke... :-( At least his last years were good.
1	Just want to send a shout out to McGriff the Drinking Crime dogg....may you get fucked up beyond belief tonight.... :)       HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU SON OF A BITCH!!!!
0	Alright. First of all, Sarah just put me in tears. Not on purpose. "If I could walk, I would be a dancer", is what she said. That hit me. I'm seriously crying. She is one of my best friends and it hurts me that she can't dance.  Sarah, Margaux, Michelle, and I hung out yesterday after school. I was hungry, and I wanted to go to Burger King, get a Spongebob watch, and then go get food from Wendy's. It was all good because Sarah was getting food from Burger King. But I was like, I want a watch. They said they didn't have any. I was like, they told me that they were getting more in today. And she was like, if you want a watch that desperatly (sp?), you need to go to clay and get a watch from there. I was like excuse me bitch.  I got Wendy's!! Yes! AND IT WAS GREAT!  But anyways. Not to much happening(sp?). Later.    ~A very sad guard girl~
1	today was a good day.  a really good day.  had some fun this afternoon.  then sherri came and picked me up and us along with derek and delisa went to n-dubz for a bit.  that was really fun.  :) then we picked up mal and came here to watch Saw.  That was a crazy movie.  Really good tho.  I think I have work tommorow, and I'm really tired anyways, so bed.   please don't go, you're so wonderful  &hearts;
0	life was so much simpler when I had no friends and just a bunch of aquintances(sp?)...I had just one focus instead of thousands...maybe I should just sever all ties with all friends and go back to that...I was alone, true...but I chose the loneliness...maybe that is just the way I need to be...maybe thats just the way it was intended to be...
0	I crashed my car :(  http://suckscocksinhell.com/~dave/P1127 _141608.jpg   I also accidentally raced a cop.  It seems like my weekend has been wasted.  p.s. I'M FREAKING OUT
1	we got a show tonight at the masqurade with crooked edge and hopesick, 2 very good bands, hopesicks drivin down from tallahassee for this show. so come and support if you can =o)  tonight at the masqurade doors open at 8, $8 unless you have that lil flyer thing  hopefully see you there
0	My grandmother died tonight. It all happened so quickly. I wore the scarf she made me all day.   My dad gave this to me after we found out she passed away:  Let go and find peace.  Let go of anger Let go of resentment Let go of the desire to always be right Let go of the idea of perfection Let go of always being in control of others Let go of being in control Let go of fear Let go of "things" Let go of traditions Let go of your parent's beliefs let go of the idea of "normal" Let go of having to succeed Let go of expectations, self imposed and by others Let go of limits Let go of "should" and "should not" Let go of "have to" Let go of the past Let go of drama Let go Let go
0	      sm101    Needs love and support.  She has been through some amazingly tough shit, and has held herself and her family together far better than anyone could have ever imagined. She is one of the most wonderfully caring people I have known, and it breaks my heart to see her suffer.   Those of you who Chat, Please Chant. Those of you who Pray, Please Pray. Those of you who Sing or Dance or Cross your Fingers or just think, Please Please do.        sm101   , I (and many many others) are here for you, and love you very very much.
1	holy cow. i am so excited because i'm almost very sure i'm going to boston for the weekend in mid-February. i'm not thrilled about the reason i'm going (it's to accompany my brother in making his decision as to where he wants to go to law school and it's down to uga or boston.) i'm glad i can be a part of it and i'm really excited about seeing boston although i realized about 20 minutes ago that it's going to be absolutely freezing. oh well. i can't wait. this'll be fun.
0	Well, I'm registered for classes.  It went both good and bad.  I'm taking Herpetology which is only offered once in a blue moon.  It really won't bring me any closer towards graduation, but I want to take it.  Unfortunately, they're having Orchestra at a time when I can't fit it into my schedule.  I almost cried.  Oh well.  I'm starting to think I'm never going to get out of this lousy school no matter what I do.
0	I find it disturbing that I just found out by way of LiveJournal that I am legally divorced.
1	My human brought home new TMBG music for me.  It even came in a book, which I swear I’m going to sleep on as soon as she stops giggling at the pictures on the back and puts it down.
1	I am absolute loving  Dominic Deegan  right now. Like I hope the author can keep doing what he's doing because I'm just so hooked....The humour can be cheesy at times, but that's the kind of humour I enjoy. Not to mention that it's just an amazing comic if you ever read it from the beginning..............SOOOOOO GOOD!! Reminds me of LARPing days...
1	I don't know who's interested in this kind of thing, but it has recently come to my attention that  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince  will be available July 16, 2005. That's only 197 days from today, according to the  website  countdown. I'm really hoping that the depth will resemble that of the fifth book, though it's said to have fewer chapters.      Some related movie exciting news:     Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   will be out this coming year.   And both    The Golden Compass  and  Ender's Game  will be out in 2006. 
1	           What The Hell Happened Last Night?          LJ Username          What did you drink?          You wake up in the morning next to:      donhiriel        ...who is wearing:      a Star Trek VI Captain's Starfleet uniform        ...and rolls over to you to say:      You disgusting little subby bitch...        ...and then:      zaps you with an electric cattle prod               This   Quiz   by   joneccleston   - Taken 174876 Times.          New - COOL Dating Tips and  Romance Advice!          
1	today i (not in this order): got tested paid $20 to the library, leaving me to owe them $85 went to jonathan's and tried to download cds but not of them worked but we'll see tried to take a nap but ended up writing a poem instead. it's not a good one. made a mix cd that ive yet to burn rented a movie that ive yet to watch spent $165 at borders-dot-com (tax money spent on books movies and music yay) ate pizza for dinner with the fam  and will: go to open mind with xiamara (and possibly chase alli and euphoria). i dont really care if these ppl go but i am most definitely going. (hopefully) get my dreadies washed & trimmed by brad and (if this happens) end up coming home past curfew
1	come to think of it, it should be my Papa God song .. :) fits so perfectly well... :D  i love you, dear God. :) life's almost perfect. :)
1	you pissed me off, you made me mad, you made me cry, you made me sad, you made me love, you made me hate, you made me take control of fate, you gave my joy, you gave me hope, you helped me see, you heped me cope, you made me laugh, you made me scream, you made me nice, you made me mean, you made me see, you made me blind, you found the things I had to find, you watched me bleed, you saw my pain, you danced with me in the rain, you kissed me neck, you kissed my thigh, you came with me when I got high, you sang my songs, you read my books, you made me think about my looks, you held me hand, you stabbed my back, you drove me nuts, then brough me back, you talked with me, you walked with me, when i asked for help you heard my plea, you walk away, you left me hear, you made me scared, you lost my fear, I love you all and you are mine and when you're here I am fine.
1	 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Heh, life ain't too bad.&nbsp;&nbsp;       &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The weather has  been amazing for the past two days.&nbsp; In fact, I should be outside  right now, but unfortunatly I've become sunburnt (in MARCH!? you  ask.)&nbsp;       &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was going to update  to actually talk about something, but I can't really remember what I  wanted to say.&nbsp;       &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;     
1	I may be an idiot, but I'm a young, excitable, technically able idiot.  I've worked out that I could build a Linux-based DVR (Digital Video Recorder -- think TIVO) for $329.23.  I really want to, but we certainly don't need it, and it's probably not worthwhile.  We don't really watch very much television.  We could put in my DVD drive, so it would be a DVD player, too.  And it could even play games, like old Nintendo games.  Anyway, it's not worthwhile, but it sounds like fun.
0	Dear Mr. Miller,  The Crucible is one of my favorite plays.  Thank you for the challenge, contemplation and inspiration that work has given me, particularly during those hard high school years when my love for reading was all that got me through the days.  I'm sorry I didn't write you sooner.  Rest in peace.  Love, Cheryl
1	I never really paid attention but this  flash  is SO right, and SO very funny.  Joey, I think you'll get the best kick out of it....or be the most offended...but probably the former then the latter. ^__^
1	Deliveries deliveries deliveries...  Since Thursday, we have taken delivery/installation of:    Shelving kits, for putting up in the Lounge in the alcoves either side of the chimney-breast  A storage chest, to keep my games in, in the lounge, and to double as a coffee-table   A corner TV-unit, to put in the basement  Sky+, installed to the basement  Today, two more 8-port 10/100BaseT switches, a KVM switch, and an 80GB HDD  Also today, a nice deep-fat-frier. Cheep, because it's not coolwall - but who needs coolwall?   This is nice. I like getting things...      
1	I got the internship!!!!  I will be doing public relations work for Stonewall Youth for Spring Quarter.  I am very excited.  I get to do the stuff I want and feel like I am making a difference.  How Cool is that. Not to mention I went to my interview in full drag, but that is another stroy.
1	Hey its John.  Today was a day like any other... I am going skating at 5, that should be good, the only bad part is that they are going to be closing the indoor skatepark for good!!  Because of certain "deuce bags"  I want a bunch of people to go to Super Great Wall tomorrow night, I think it will be fun.  I cannnnnottttt wait to go to sunday river this weekend, all this week thats the only thing that stays on my mind.  I have to study for biology tonight.  It is really nice having a study hall for the first time this year.  "Chill," if you will.  I was really bored and got to thinking we should have a "LIVEJOURNAL AWARDS"  where we have best this and that because it would be funny.  Maybe it would be too hard, I dont know.  We could all come up with nominees for certain categories.  I dont know maybe I'll talk about it more in my next post, maybe its just a really bad idea.
1	Tomorrow night my boyfriend is flying here from Maine and he will be here for 10 days!   Oh yeah, does anyone want to go snowboarding in Big Bear sometime within the next two weeks?
0	Yoinked from       perfectsilver   :         Describe yourself using one band and song titles from that band        Created by  naw5689  and taken 6428 times on  bzoink!       Choose a band/artist and answer only in song TITLES by that band:  Angels & Agony    Are you male or female:  Eternal Entity    Describe yourself:  One    How do some people feel about you:  Darkness    How do you feel about yourself:  Lost    Describe your ex girlfriend/boyfriend:  Rites of Passage    Describe your current girlfriend/boyfriend:  Insight    Describe where you want to be:  Promised Land    Describe what you want to be:  Heart & Soul    Describe how you live:  Destination    Describe how you love:  Restoration    Share a few words of wisdom  Don't be Afraid      Create a Survey  |  Search Surveys  |  Go to bzoink!       
1	Minus being the technical producer for this afternoon's newscast for the RAW website, I'm done.  Yeah, baby!  DONE!!!   D-O-N-E .  Can you believe it.  I am four days and zero assignments away from completing my Master of Arts in Journalism.  I am done my post-secondary education.  *sigh*  I can't believe it- it's gone by so fast.  Tonight, I plan on doing laundry and watching American Idol and maybe treating myself to a late night movie.  Maybe I'll even make myself a nice dinner.  Next step: the real world.  Maybe it can wait a day or two....  *HUGS all around*
0	I'm done waiting for tables at Sabrina's.  The food is good, but not worth waiting over an hour for (especially when you're told it will be 25 minutes).  Daylight savings is awful.  My entire day is gone already.    I have no creative ideas anymore.  I'm in all these classes where I need to be creative, and I'm just stumped.    I want to take a shower, but my roommate is taking a shower.    WORST LIFE EVER!!!!   (just kidding) 
1	No, it's not a joke! But the  slackintosh project  is going on at full speed and those up there are the nationality of the three project members... guess who's the italian one ;)  More news will follow. Bye!
0	The details are still coming in, but it is suspected that Dimebag Darrel from Pantera/Damage Plan was shot and killed at a gig in Ohio last night.  http://www.nbc4i.com/news/3983630/detail.h tml  for more details.  R.I.P. Darrell.
1	So RD and i decided that oregon is the underwear state. Which means we must drive in our underwear through said state. And we will go pump gas, well actually since we are in oregon they will pump it for us but the look on the attendants face will be priceless! We will have to hit up a drive through as well. YES!
0	today was kinda weird. mr pustay wrote this huge narrative essay on the board and then said to disregard entire assignment, which was nice of him. we finished the sound of music in orchestra and daniel wouldnt shut up. i had to be in mrs johnsons class twice. that was fun... psh. what would be considered 'devil music?' its a reference of my mom's.
1	This is mainly for Ted, but anyone else is more than welcome to respond and/or talk trash.   Sports Illustrated   28 more days   I can't stop playing this 
1	I have an appartment, I have good friends, and I have a good job which I am trying hard at.   I have everything I need. Who coudl ask for more? I should feel contented. I know I should. but... I cant help but feel slightly, that something is missing.   I know the feeling will pass soon enough. ^^; Of course, Helping out some friends at the moment wouln't hurt to take my mind of things.   S-so... does anyone need anything? o.0;
0	Oh, Big Mama. I'm sorry that I had to give you back to the pet store. I really wanted to keep you. But I know that you'll be happier staying here in California. It's too cold for you in New York. I know that you'll find another good home, with people who will take you outside to look at the trees and the cars passing by, like we did. And I know that you'll live a long long time, and grow to be 7 feet long. We'll miss you. We miss you.
1	 Merlin, it's been  ages  since I last updated, hasn't it?&nbsp; I apologize, truly--you all must have been so bereft by my absence!&nbsp; Really, if I'd realized it, I would have tried harder to remember to update.&nbsp;&nbsp;      Apparently we're to have a Hogsmeade weekend soon.&nbsp; How exciting! [Private] Now, if only Lucius could come see me then! [/Private]&nbsp; I can't wait to leave grounds; I feel cooped up, like a swan.... Does one coop swans?&nbsp; In any case, I would just  die  for some shopping.    Bella, is there anything you have to tell me? 
1	Hey droogs!  Doubtless you have seen the icons made by the  Portrait Illustration Maker  around LJ...like my brand new one as you see here. Well, I made one of Dave Mustaine too! ;) I figured I would share it with you. You may snitch it if you like. :) He kinda looks like Cryptic Writings era Dave, I think.  Here he is:    Snitch and enjoy! ;)
1	(21:50:07) ...: ye-ye! (21:50:21) bonzo: che è tipo lo yo-yo ma un pò meno reppo (21:50:52) ...: e si attorciglia meno. (21:51:04) bonzo: certo (21:51:10) bonzo: e sa meno di yo-gurt (21:51:38) ...: ed è meno egocentrico
1	Y'know what I like about SG:A fandom?  There's new fic, like, all the time.  It's amazing.  I've never gotten into a fandom this close to the beginning of the show before - close enough to watch the fic explosion all over lj.  It's great.  In honor of this, I give you a  link  to random Sheppard/McKay slash by       resonant8   .  Which is special because of the triffids.  (Hee...triffids.)
1	I finally got my hands on a copy of Darren Hayes' "Spin" and I absolutely love it! Yayy!
0	So today I found the perfect job for me.   It is a job I would excel at. I would be happy and fulfilled with this position.   Check It Out Right Here!   Then I read the disclaimer that says you need to be an American to apply. I never thought I would say this but... "For ONCE I wish I was an American." They seem to get all the good jobs. I am going to go off in the corner and cry a little now.  *sniffle* ...paid to watch TV... *sigh*
1	 3.01: New Blood   Posted now, a mere eight months after it was played, in honour of my 13,333rd post to the RPGnet forum.  Now to write up episodes 3.04 to 3.20...
1	Well, I just placed my order for my laptop computer.  I'll find out later today when it's going to get to me.  Yay!!! I'm very excited and very grateful to the bosses for their kindness.  I've decided that I'm going to name it Callie after the late office cat.  Hopefully, the laptop will have a better disposition than the cat did.  She was the Krankiest Kitty in All Kittydom.  We decided that if there is anything to reincarnation, she was an IRS auditor in a former life.  But very sweet for all that.  For those who didn't get to met her, my icon is a picture of her.
1	so it's decided...  after DVC, Brad and I are going to Berklee!...well hopefully...Maybe we'll take a trip out there first to check out the school itself even though we already KNOW that it is the shit!  3 sections i want to take...Piano, Composition, and of course, FILM SCORING!  LIFE IS LOOKIN GOD FOR THIS SOULJA BOY!
0	Today is the day that I leave the home I have known for the last 9 years and I am very sad.  I am going to live with       xxsharmilaxx    and I don't really want to go.  Although I love her very much I would rather stay in my own home with the things and people around me that I know and love.  Also I won't have any internet access in my new home so I expect this will be my last ever post here......lots of love and wags to all my LJ friends.  Luff  Omey xxxx
1	This week has been a very strange week! I just discovered pogo.com, and it has been sucking my time away with cute mini games, that you can play for tokens. The tokens allow you to buy tickets for cash prizes. I know it's a gimmick, but the games are really quite good.  I just finished watching Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind. Wow. What a great movie. I had seen Spirited Away a couple of years ago, and I thought that Hayao Miyazaki was really good. I can't describe how good this movie is.
1	Fuck Yeah! One and a half week of doing nothing and beeing completely drunk!! My drinking vacations started last last Friday and will end next Wednesday! This weekend was one of the best in my life! 1) I got sooooo drunk 2) I got sooooo stoned 3) I met a couple of girls 4) I dont know anything else!  ps: I love u all
1	Something somewhat funny happened a while ago...  I was just sitting at my desk working like usual... and all the sudden I'm hugged from behind... @_@  So I'm going "huh... wha... is my mom here? T_T"  Cause... that's the only person I'd imagine that would hug me. (that lives around here anyway)  I guess the funniest part is that that was my first thought XD;  It turned out to be a girl who use to work in my region, she just wanted to say she missed me.  Aw... Nice person.  :d  I also had a dream about them opening a little caesers that isn't a 20 minute drive from my house.  But they only had sausage pizza.  ;o;
1	john mayer was amazing. he is a musical and lyrical genius..  All you need is love is a lie cause  We had love but we still said goodbye Now we're tired, battered fighters And it stings when it nobody's fault Cause there's nothing to blame At the drop of your name, it's only the air you took And the breath you left..  thanks wooge for taking me :)
1	More burning man stuff.  I'm so excited, and freaking out too!  But here's a map!   http://www.studioninedesign.com/heaven20 04.jpg   There we are!  Moons of Mongo! Center Camp, toward the playa! (see upper left).  And what's even more awesome is that we're right next to Waterboy!!  Hello Waterboy neighbors!  Woo hoo :&gt;  What else has been going on?  I dunno.  I've been very very busy working on my costume and finding what little time I have left over to hang out with friends. It will get done and it will be Barbarella-ishious.  I'm not going to get the other one I was gonna do though.  That's OK though, I'm totally excited!
1	Wow, this place sure hasn't been updated for awhile ^^; I just joined, but I don't really know if anyway is listening O.o;;  Anyway, I really like Tomoe Shinohara ^^ My favourite song by her is Kuru Kuru Mirakuru ^^
1	So I've been washing floors and moving furniture for about 10 hours. Reva's house still isn't back to normal...but it's well on its way. Must try to make it to Natural Sound tomorrow...So much to do! College planning as well...Lew's good to talk to about that.  Don't have entirely too much to say, as I've been working all day. So goodnight.   I tried to talk to you But you were too busy writing your tragedy 
1	&lt;3staggering in at 2am  Last night was great. Alex+Amy+Mimi looked gorgeous in the show. A bunch of HaVoK-ish people were there. Everyone. And there was dancing.  :D I love to dance. (stfuluv) This beautiful woman that was dancing at HaVoK last week came last night. She raves in a  dress . She told me I danced well and invited me to the afterparty. It made my day :D.  ---    I ¤ am ¤ energy  
1	HAPPY ST.PATRICKS DAY EVERYONE!!! last night was sooo much fun! the show was sweeet!! and i saw a lot of fun ppl there too! it was so crazy!! well i hope everyone has a great day! : ) love ya!
1	Watched 'Amélie' for the first time, though I know it's not a new movie. I liked it in whole, and it lifted my New Year mood in some strange way, along with a swig of Hennessy...  BTW, I wish you Happy New Year, if you celebrate it at all...
0	 This page is dotted occasionally with droplets of dried blood and dried teardrops.   Death.  Want it. Crave it. Come now?  My having feelings hurt both Stacy and Tessa today.. and I'm starting to envy the latter.  Why couldn't my powers have turned off my emotions,  too? It would feel so good right about now.  I can't make it right. Stacy hates me, and Tessa.. well. She can't hate, but I doubt she considers me a friend any longer.  Both fates I deserve for how I've been, along with one other.  Not one from Tabitha, either. Though she probably deserves to hate me, too. I'm talking about Him.  If I get my wish, this will be The End. If not, I will go into detail tomorrow after my meeting with them.. but..  Daddy? Come take your little mealticket away again? Please? I'll be good, I won't run away.. this time..  -K   The rest of Kieran's normal signature is obscured by a massing of blood there. 
0	its weighing heavier on my heart every minute that i think about it. i dunno how much more of this b.s i can take. i know they know more about him than theyre letting on! why cant they see that it hurts me? why the hell cant they just tell me the truth and give me the information i want?! i dont understand..i truely dont and i wanna know WHY he didnt want me if thats the truth..i wanna know WHY his OTHER kids were good enough for him and i wasnt.......AGH!!!
1	Spring is finally here!!  I walked around downtown yesterday and today at lunchtime, and it was just gorgeous!  I think I am going to try to start walking on my lunch breaks...
0	I want somebody convince me to not do what i want to do right now.  All i can think of doing is starving myself of everything essential in life. That might make it go away.  I want to die, I honestly do. This is different from any other time.  Curl up into a ball and have myself shot.  I've lost.  There's no point in continuing.
1	Finally got called to an interview!! Now if I just make a good enough impression at the interview, the job is mine. Full-time, $15 an hour. Should provide me with about $2000 a month after taxes. ^_^ Definitely better than $0 a month, lmao. The interview is tuesday next week. Lets just hope I'm able to get there fine by bus or train. It's kinda far away.    -ChriZno     
1	    At the Marquee Club  ,   1 Leicester Square  . Come watch   ME   and&nbsp;       tiaratart   &nbsp;do mad e xperiments on       chelseachainsaw    ! There will be loads of  blood ,  organs ,  biting ,  scratching ,  dancing ,  rubbing ,  killing ,  fighting  and&nbsp; NOT  a lot of clothing involved!! Loads of other shows to!     &nbsp; It will be a fun night so don’t miss it!!!!!!!!! :-)  You can get tickets at the door for £66,6 (ofcourse!)
0	rest in peace, winnie.  you were a wonderful dog, and you will be missed.     it certainly is quiet around here.
1	Meri is bulging...  The contractions are flirting with us...  I'm betting we're in the birthing room within the week.
0	 http://websrvr60ny.audiovideoweb.com/ny 60web16514/index.html  Warning! Graphic Images.   PLEASE WATCH THIS AND SPREAD THE LINK ANYWHERE YOU CAN.  AFTER THE FILM ARE LINKS TO SIGH AND MAKE DONATIONS.
1	just wanted to let you all knowt hat things are still going well with jamie, whom i now call lulu as her middle name is lou and it was just too weird calling her jamie.  later.
1	Well Friday i went to the family fun center and saw Hitch at the south side movies. Saturday i washed my grandmothers car and went to the mall. Sunday and monday i went to a birthday party and slept over at there house. Today i went and saw the Ring 2. i though the first one was better though. Tomrrow i'm going to the park with my cousins and some other places. Thursday i'm going to Josh's party and we're also going to the movies and spend the night. Friday we're playing paint ball. Then we're gonna practice with our band. I don't know what i'm doing friday or saturday yet but sunday i'm going to Disney Quest with my friend.
1	And so it begins.  My boy has gotten a job as art director for a feature film being shot early next year.  I am so damn proud.  He is the most amazing, talented, precious person.  He has gone to spend the weekend with the director and producer so I am in our house, all alone.  The house seems so big and quiet.  The reality of being a movie spouse is starting to dawn on me!  It is funny really, my boy and I have only spent one night apart since we got married, so this is very hard for me. I am not sure I can even sleep alone.
1	YAY!!!!!!!!! Come Hither aka Jordan is back from Minnesota! Damn I missed that kid. I am so excited.  I hope I get a chance to hang with him. This might put a damper in working sunday :\ I just got the call.  Damn that made me a happy girl!
0	i got to go to a funeral today... stevie flynne a good firend of the families and a good friend o fmine... he was a great man, he bought me my 1ts memory card and my 1st role playing game. he set me on my path as a computer nerd and he will be missed... i felt like crying when i wa sin school cuz of-course i had to go back 4 the second half... *sigh*... but ya im playing a _-_-_-_ in the play and its gonna b hilarious... u wana see who i play? then go see the performance next friday noth this friday but next friday.. woot-ness... ima go sit in infuriation... (talk online)
0	hmmmm, I am a strong believer that everything happens for a reason.  Im sure there's a reason for why this is happening right now, and I am very confident that the answer will appear to me.  Other than that, I'm just going to have to get used to the way things have to be I guess....
0	libby your really made me think.    i dont really know anymore...  i'm actually not even living for much at all...  poop
0	life just gets better and better each day for me. ever been told to pack whatever you can carry because your leaving? ever had to leave your family balling your fucking eyes out? ever been surrounded by ppl and never felt more alone in your entire life? ever wanted to die so bad you dont know whats stopping you from just doing it?
1	   Happy Birthday Andrew!!  It's my boyfriend's 26th birthday today! Yay for Andy!   Haiku  12/1/04  thin plume of white smoke curling briskly in the wind whisps disappearing  red amaryllis from an unassuming stalk sprout like miracles  first of december: the weather seems far too mild to herald this month  how suddenly the sky changes its mood from the stormy to the clear   
1	 My goddamn sister  This hag be cursed! It's all her doing, I know it! Tried out my new Mirror Chamber and  got lost  again! In the bloody mirrors! This has never happened before  she  started meddling with my Perfectly Good Magic!  Got  stuck  for  days !   And the only thing I wanted was to try the connection to  this hag's  my sister's rain barrel.   Well. I suppose the good thing is: the connection is - all things considered - Very Good, and I had enough time to monitor the Progress of the se idiots who think they can make it through the Wilderness and come back in one piece. Hah!  Rescue Party. They're  pathetic  doing very well.    A side effect of lurking in Waters is: I could catch a glimpse of Mr. Tugelbend Bathing... Somehow, I ended up in the Mad Uncle's rain barrel instead of Esme's. No idea how this could happen.   I'm feeling compelled to go back to the Mirror Chamber. One should always face one's fears, right?  Right?
0	Tasha,  If you don't come back to our band I will slash your tires. (and tires are expensive)  Keep in mind that this is not just a band, this is a gang.  I will kill you if you don't come back.  You can't leave alive.  YOu betta watch your back and your car if you want to live woman.  You're going to come back or I will beat the shit out of you.  YOu think I'm playin'?  I'll fuck yo life up if you don't come back.  Rekanize yo.  Word.  Just kiddin'  Tashandra,  you come back  you are my friend and I miss you.  You're the best drummmer EVER IN THE PLANET.  God created a little piece of drumming heaven when he made you.  Please come back to us we are nothing without you  I'm going to slit my wrists if you don't.  I'm crying right now I'm so sad.  Please tasha, you're my only hope.  I don't want to die yet.
0	thats my heart cracking in two.  well, i knew it was never going to happen.  but... i'm sorta... heartbroken... and i really shouldn't be since there was nothing there in the first place..
1	Apprentice last night with blond dude:                                                                                                        HOT
0	It's people like this what make me loose hope in academia.   http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0, ,1072-517489,00.html   He just doesn't have a clue, but far be it from him to admit it.  *sigh*
1	I'm in arizona for 2 more days...i'll be home around 5:00 on wendsday.  I can't wait to get back.  Saturday Scott and I are going to look at apartments so we might have somewhere to live.  This is so exciting i can't wait to live with him and wake up next to him everyday.  The prospect of that makes me so happy.  More news to come.
1	its erikas 18th birthday today.  i love her so so so so so much,    she is my favorite.    i cant wait till i turn 18 too cuz yall better damn well know that me and erika will be hitting up sharkys liek every weekend. lol  i love you erika.  boot camp boot camp, eating my potatoe.    your the best
1	SUNDAY APRIL 17TH 2005  City/Venue: Boston, MA @ Northeastern Univ/Curry Student Center  Ticket Price: $???  Time: Doors @ 2pm Show @ 2:30pm  Other Bands: Smoke Or Fire and Lock and Key  Other Info:  Street Address: Huntington Avenue
0	The sunset tonight is so beautiful against my dorm.  I just stood in awe looking at it and how beautiful it was.  It would have been an amzing picture too, but its just too damn cold outside...
0	This week has sucked.  I'm tired and grumpy and a sore throat is creeping up on me.    I had a sucky teaching day on Wednesday... my co-teacher for the lesson (a student teacher) was difficult to work with... the lesson/activity was too easy for the kids.  Today a teacher basically told me about how sucky one of her students is and amongst other things actually told me that the student's family and student are "stupid."  I can not BELIEVE she used that word.... she told me everything the student told me was lies.... she..... ooooh she pissed me off!!!!!!!!!  Tomorrow's Friday.  I'll hope for a better day.  I need one.
0	So I just found out what happened at the bowling alley last saturday. My dad told me a few days ago that someone got stabbed but couldnt give me any names.. I know the guy that stabbed josh. and that is so sad. I wouldnt expect brian to stab anyone...   And i just found out that nearly everyone i used to hang out with at Mac have either been expelled or has severely separated from my circle of friends. Grr. Why does everything have to change!
1	So I found my perfect dress for the Summer Ball.      It's an original 70s dress, has a few rips in it but nothing that can't be fixed with a little TLC. It's been altered too, but you'd think it had been made to fit me - the straps have been shortened to fit and the hem has been taken up so it's just the right length for me. And all this for £9.95. I heart charity shops.        Now I need to get some vintage shoes to match. And a bag. And 70s jewellery. Yum.  By the way, the background is my room at home. The whole house is like that. We are the hoarders of the century!    I bought Duran Duran's greatest hits of the 80s today. And the entire Brasseye series on DVD. Material possessions...so worthless and yet so good.
0	My elbows hurt from working out. I'm not in a good mood again. Val Emmich show tomorrow night. Miggs show Friday night. I need to not be depressed.  P.S - I am SO sick of sitting in a chair all day long.
1	Grr the weather channel's site must be down or something... 'cause it won't let me get to "my weather".  It *looks* nice out at least....  Anyway, I'm so happy!  I might actually have an on campus job for next year! I just got a call from Facilities Management saying that they got my online application for the houskeeping position, and I have an interview with them next Monday at 1pm!  :)  Yay!  It's a job!  Yay! Most people would be like, "Ugh, what a shitty job...." but I don't care- I need the money!  Have a happy Tuesday, btw!
0	bridgette called me this morning. fort riley suffered another casualty and there were three seriously injured soldiers. her husband is one of them. they were hit with an ied, which is an explosive device. he has shrapnel in his leg, shoulder and face. it's not that serious though cuz he's already returned to duty. she was freaked out this morning but she's ok now. he called her twice and reassured her that he's fine. mitch wasn't with him, thank God, but she didn't want me worrying about anything so she called. it's getting really scary and we don't know why it's harder this time than the last time they were deployed. we're just praying it doesn't get any worse. and since there was a casualty, i won't be hearing from mitch for a couple days since they're on 48 hour communication blackout until the family is contacted. this is my reality, and it's so hard and sucks so much.
1	THE RED SOCKS ARE IN THE WORLD SERIES!!!!  BOO-FREAKIN-YEAH!!!!    *happy dance*  I think I'll actually watch the world series this year.  I like playing with Photoshop.  I think I'm going to go insane if I don't get a call sometime this week *freaks out and dies*
1	... is hopping about the keyboard, waiting hopefully for the beading tools to be brought out.
1	 Happy Birthday, Luna!    I've a small gift for you, nothing much really, but I'll give it to you at lunch, okay?
1	:) i spent way too much time with Kasey today. we went down for dinner at 5. didn't leave dining hall till 7. then, at 8 i went to her room to tell her something and ended up staying there till 11:15. Ah, but it was funny. We had people dying laughing at dinner and in her room we sang songs. such fun. and, i found out that she writes down funny quotes that people say too! i thought i was the only psycho-path that did that! well, i really do need to study.
0	so aaron and i are broken up again.  i am done with him FOREVER!
1	Christmas is tomorrow! I can't wait for all the presents and Christmas cheer. Hopefully it will go well. Then once Christmas has come and gone then it will be time for New Years! BUt for now I hope everyone has a Merry Christmas!
1	Hey.  HEY GUYS.  I'm twenty today.  OHMYGOD.  I'm so excited.  I want to see everyone today.  So.. BE THERE.  OK?!
1	go take a look at the pictures of me and my car that i uploaded at  http://www10.brinkster.com/bobdolem aps/sebring   convertibles fucking rock . . .
0	Don't tell me that the only time that we can hang out is when your other friends can't hang out.  I know when you are lying.  I am not an old pair of shoes that you can keep in the closet, only to wear when it begins to rain.
1	hey i think i faxed everything wrong whoops? good thing im only here two more dayzzz. anyway, im debating about this semester. i mean i shoudnt talk about it yet. but everyone will know how i did last semester if i do this. i havent even told chris about it lol anyway got a really long and funny dunk dial last night from jeremy. its weird i hardly ever turn off my phone and i had a notion that i should. and i did. so he didnt wake me up thank goodness~i would not have been happy to hear from him at that point in time lol sooooooooooooooo i had a good lucnh? what do people talk about when there day is so boring. ha i dont know if im allowed to go to semi formal or not. weird. i would really love to get my nails done. its been months.  wow i think this program dean feely just told me about might help me! i hope...i dunno i dont wana screw myself. for the future
0	TOday hasnt been busy or exciting or even remotely interseting I have not had one good moment today  My sister is home from college cool I have a ride to the mall but I dont feel good Geometry- whatever boring test review Health- test tommorrow who cares? Lit-vocab and reading incredibly odd Edgar Allen Poe  Computer- typing this (friend is cutting herself and wont talk to me about it she wont even let me give her some advice she is going through a hard time i know but its so hard to be there when everyone else thinks she is faking I know she isnt because shes my BF and shes not the same. I wish I knew what to do I cant help feeling the way i do   Class is over bye
1	Feb. 13 - 20.  This is going to be rough:   http://www.conquestvacations.com/ho tels/DELC.html #
1	Good day today. Went down to Honda with Kim to get her car serviced. We tried to get in the VIP lounge but there was this guy sleeping in there. We even had our movie picked out and everything. So sad. Ah well. Then off to pick up her new computer. That was funny. It wouldn't fit in her car. So I sat in the back seat. Then some lunch at Tropical Smoothie and we set up her new comp. It looks sweet. Then movies and what not. Just hanging around. Then dinner at Gators. Saw Jeff working. Then to my house. We played some sweet ass poker. We lost. Then some spades. I think I may have got it, but probably not for long. Somewhere in there I did most of my homework. Then finished the rest just now. So it's been a good day. I think I going to head off to bed and call it an early night. Start finals tomorrow! yay.  Later, Smange
0	         You Are 65% Normal   (Really Normal)                       Otherwise known as the normal amount of normal  You're like most people most of the time  But you've got those quirks that make you endearing  You're unique, yes... but not frighteningly so!         How Normal Are You?   
1	I've decided to shut up and be in a good mood.&nbsp;&nbsp; I just might  make it  in this crazy world afterall, if I survive Hebrew that is.&nbsp; Ani yodat evrit, ani yodat evrit!&nbsp; Ken, ken!&nbsp; Haha, I'm just gonna smile right now, cuz its more fun that way.&nbsp;  Happy days  ... for real, kiddo.
0	Well Today Hasnt Started Out So good:( I Had a Bad Night last Night.:-/ Life Goes on.  Well Today Is 5 Months for Me and Kevin:) Not that He Cares Seeing How he is Mad At Me, And wont talk to me :(Guess why i had a Bad night.  But Thats Just me, I Gotta Screw Everything Up, I swear I have Nak For that, I mean Im Grounded And Yet ...still can Screw things up. I swear to god i just feel like i am wasting everyones time...  ~ Sometimes I wish i Had the Guts To Put a Gun To my Head.~  
0	it's only my third day since I'be been back on the meds, I haven't been crying as much as I was last week, but I spent this morning crying.  one of my friends thought it wasn't a good idea to go back on the meds, but I'd started cutting myself; given a few more days I think I would have killed myself.  I'm sick of this depression, it's never been so bad before.  usually I would cope with it, it was like a friend that would come and visit me, almost like something out of a teen Goth film.  but this time it's bad, really bad.  I feel so desperate and sad all the fucking time.  I want it to end.  I'm scared, I'm soo damn scared.
1	Have those of you who have rented houses/flats in the past ever gottten the deposit back?  I am asking this due to the fact out deposit was £300 quid ADN there are some minro wear and tear things around this place.  And secondly we have NO furniture just the bed and sofa that came with the flat so i am thinking of saying "yoink" screw the deposit i want a bed!  *peace*   Carter 
1	Welp, here I am, back on LI.  Had a wonderful time in Troy for New Years, despite the mini-drama that took place.  There was much drinking, merry-making, and movie-watching.  LOTS of movie watching.  We saw Meet The Fockers at Crossgates..that movie made me twitch.  Yes, it was funny, but it was also painful.  I also finally saw Master And Commander, which turned out to be fairly okay.. though not all that I expected from it.  Certain aspects were extremely accurate historically, while others seemed lacking.  That's all for now.
1	the copy of Hell Babies that I ordered a few weeks ago.  I had it delivered to work, and since is obviously not work safe, I havent had a chance to look at it yet and its killing me.  I cant wait to get home.  YAYAYAYAYAYYAYAYAYAY!!!!!
0	I wish I could help you. I wish I could make you go back to being the person you were.  I miss you.
0	Well yeah i thought u know this whole top 25 thing is an honor and junk, but there is a ton of work to go with it like lets see number one a list of 10 things u want the audience to know about you... i actually filled it up, took a long time though, then a brief anecodote about yourself, humorous or otherwise (a short retelling of any situation that has occurred in you school career)... what the heck, i have no idea, if anyone one can think of anything let me know asap. And the i have to write a speech about why i picked my honored educator, at least i got my first choice. ah well today, was crappy, i felt like crying at work, not really sure why, i just felt crappy and upset and mad all at once, and today was sort of crappy, hopefully tomorrow is better
1	The final countdown is underway!  Now its up to everyone who is registered to vote, to vote, so that this election will certainly be, the PEOPLES voices speaking, and not just the voices of nine people appointing the canidate whom they want to be elected, over the voices of the millions who voted.  In a matter of hours, the polls will begin closing, and the votes will begin to be tallied.  Now, its hopefully in America's hands whom will be chosen to lead America for the next four years, and hopefully it won't come back down to nine people deciding against the voices of America's voters.
0	i never expected to have this kind of friends while i leave here. i thought that who would want to be my friend because i am not speak a lot of English. But now when i looked back it's just amazing.  I had done so many things and i just can not forget it.      i want you guys to sleep over at my house tomorrow so we all can   go to the airport and let's cry together.  bowling tomorrow night at 9 "the friendship lane* [ i am not even sure what that place called ] see you there...   Love :
0	This feeling of being empty won't go away and let me be. So much for senior year being easy. I think this has been my hardest year of high school in many ways.
1	I've been away and unable to post an entry.  I've been posting all of Climatic Lust and Twisted Recollections, Magic and Souls and soon Salvation and Endgames into one thread on SD-1.  My friend Judi thinks I'm nuts but I have been writing this series (well now just a full story) since March!  This was my first venture into ALIAS fiction. ;) I have up to 40 parts posted and about 30 left to post.  Yes, you read it right 70 parts total.  I haven't included any parts that I add between Magic and Souls and Salvation and Endgames.   It actually nice not having any reviews between my chapters.  This way people don't have to swim through them.  I had like seven threads of this series posted and over 60 people that I knew of who were reading it.  *L* I think I've posted up to three threads or maybe four of it.  ;)   I'm off to visit family up in Bar Harbor.  Sorry this short and sweet but have a great weekend and I'll write more when I get back Sunday night.  ;)
0	     Which "Saved By The Bell" Character Are You?   
1	  Superman      What super hero/villian are you secretly in love with?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	i haven't let myself become upset over the internet pseudo breakup fiasco, but my sister just told me my mother has given her one of her patented "you'll never amount to anything" speeches which has unleashed the floodgates of my bottled up.....upsetness. ****** is coming over later to discuss our situation. i sincerely hope my crying stops by then because all i need is for him to think i'm sad about this. i need him to think i'm angry about this, and nothing else. when all i really want now is for him to hold me and tell me he loves me.....CURSE THIS WOMAN'S HEART
0	Okay, so this has been a pretty depressing/boring day. First thing this morning I find out a guy from my class in high school was killed in Iraq. Great. I didn't know him except to know who he was (he was in band, I was in orchestra, that kind of thing), but it's still just disturbing. I mean, that guy was my age and now he's dead. Blown up. Gives me the willies.  Then I get to work and hop on to my "parenting 1 year olds" message board to read posts from last night and find out that two of the regular girls have had major issues in the past few days:  one lost a pregnancy that was pretty far along (the baby was actually born, just didn't live very long since she was too little) and one has an 18 m/o that is going to have to be tested for cystic fibrosis because he's had multiple bouts of pneumonia, etc.  Ick! How freakin' depressing can it get?  *sigh* So I'll just have to go drown my sorrows in...hmmm, let's see....WoW :)
1	I know some of my die hard fans and fellow gossip mongers are going to be pretty disappointed, but I'm going to use my anonymous LiveJournal from now on.  Only a precious few know the URL and it's going to remain that way.  But, I know you all are absolutely **FASCINATED** by the goings on in my life, and that is why you keep in touch with me on a regular basis - so you really won't need to be reading about it on line.  And if you aren't one of these people - then it's pretty sad you're even reading this. I'm humbled to know that you find me so interesting but it's got to end some time.  You can wait to buy the book.  As one friend of mine said, "The gravity of pathetitude that exists there is immense!"
1	omg omg omg ~ *wild crazy dance*  takkan betul kut......  nak bagi kat saya ? O__________o takai ja nai ka ? itu mesin gambar ~  *blinks* what language am i'm blurting out ? nvm  *crazy mad happy dance* chii sin de ~!
0	I guess all men suck.  I'm destined to be alone, romantically anyway.  What's wrong with the Valley?  Who am I kidding, like I can get laid in Philly.  Kevin was a fluke, and everyone else used me, mostly for my car.  I'm no one's type, I've decided.  Why am I so angsty?  I guess it's the thought of going home, back to more nothing.  One or two people to really look forward to seeing, both of whose lives are diverging from my own.  Leaving me only with my family, who are very nice, but don't pay attention to me at all.  What am I going to do?  Will I die for my studies? (I have the same chance of getting hit by a bus in NYC, btw)  Will I be stuck at home for most of May and June and the end of August?  I guess it's also fear of change for next year.  Where am I going to live?  Who will remain here? Who will be my friends?  Yeah, I guess for those who couldn't tell, I've been pre-emptively dumped.  Again.  Motherfucker.
0	 really nice days when you don't skateboard or hang out with anyone are the worst.     i did go on a nice long walk. close to a good three hours. it was really pretty and i saw some deer. but it really made me wish i had a friend with me.     the last couple days i just really haven't been that happy. i've also had some pretty intense mood swings. me and sara were just driving around and i almost just started crying because i got really depressed. and then the next minute i hear her singing along to the radio and i almost started crying because it made me so happy.&nbsp;&nbsp;it's completely ridiculous. i'm not very pleased with myself. i'm not at all what people seem to see me as. i've been really selfish and it's not really working out for me.     &nbsp;     i have learned that depression comes when our eyes are on ourselves  -  watashi wa      the selfish me resurfaced, i'm certain to beat him senseless  -  furthermore     &nbsp; 
1	 i miss you, i miss you so far... and the collision of your kiss that made it so hard... way down, way down, way down way down, way down, way down... i miss you, i miss you so far... and the collision of your kiss that made it so hard...    
1	Not much has happened lately in Sasha land. Just the usual, hanging out with Mike and my bandmates etc.   Tomorrow I'm sending a press kit away. I'm keeping the details quiet at the moment just in case it doesn't work out but if it does its going to be a great thing!   I think Hawk is starting to come out of his down mode. Which is good, I felt really sad seeing him so upset. Hawk's usually a very happy guy.   Now I'm going to go and get something from the dairy. I'll see if Mike wants to come with me.   Sash
0	  Spring break 05= AWESOME!  I really don't wanna be back in Michigan. It's depressing. I'll post pics and stuff later. I don't wanna get into details. I'll just say that we all had a blast and I'm going to miss it.  
1	so..  I GOT THE JOB AT TNT!!  i'm not sure if i could be happier about this :) i go home next friday for orientation.. this is so great!! HA marcia, HA HA HA this is like the icing on the cake, it really is.. haha im so happy :)
1	Well day 3 at the gym. It's getting to be easier and challenging at the same time. Did some new stuff today, and had my bike test. To see what my target heart rates are. Not to bad so it's good. Tonight just getting ready to head out on to the slopes tomorrow. I can't wait. However it'll be the first time in a while so we'll see how that goes. But I'm sure it'll come back after i fall a few times. Hehehe... Nothing really new, TGIF that's all I've got to say!
0	I have come to the conclusion that life doesn't get better.  Well, I finished my paper, I took it to class, and um...my teach wouldn't accept it.  Blah blah blah, its not right.  Kiss my ASS!!!!  Anyways, so I have to redue my paper.  On top of that, I had to act like a computer fixit guy, I went out and bought a new CD-RW cause mine quit working, I opened up my computer, slide the sucker in there...and boom, now my computer doesn't work.   So I have this paper to rewrite, and a new Power Point to put together without a computer.  ::sighs::  So I have to work on my old slow computer until Wednesday when I get my reg computer back.  Atleast it gave me an excuse to buy a new computer....I ordered another Dell, I'll have it in a week.  Woohoo.  Anyways...Life really does suck.
1	First show in 16 years 8 June, Kentish Town Forum. £17. Tix available from:  http://www.getlive.co.uk/    Update : I have just checked the site and tix aren't on sale yet. I shall email the PR about this and find out when the on sale is.  Dunno, leave a note if you think you might go.
1	   The Episode III Trailer is AMAZING!!!!!  I am sooooo pumped!!!!
1	im painting eric a picture. he wants it to be a picture of "eric's happy place".... it's an exploding bottle of jack daniels with a naked chick smoking. haha... what an addict.    anyways.   im happy/relaxed.   dont really have any plans for today. but im sure that i'll probably end up hanging out with sylvan.  hit up the phone if you want to do something... and if you want to do something, then you probably already have my number.
0	how yall doing  today ??/ i m good  i guess   18 days till  spring break  i cant wait its going to be  fun 1 or so i  hope cosidering i ll be going back to the house where i lost my cousin and stuff... grr i dont  no anymore  ... i want to be  me again  im not  my self these days   come on people   i no u are saying sure u  are but its an act  im scred to be myself i   double lock the  doors and but things in front of the doors so noone can get out or in ....... i sleep with a nife  under my pillow    i dont no  maybe i blame my self for what happened to jessie .. gd nos i miss her.... well im going to  go off into my  corner of depression
1	 The World Ice Art Championship  always means spring is just around the corner!!! I will be going on Sunday night after multiblocks are completed and lite.  A couple weekends from now the dog team sprint races will go on and then it's time to prepare for the wacky race against the sun to enjoy all of summer.
1	This past year has gone so quickly, yet so much seems to have changed.  It's a very weird feeling.  It's our anniversary today.   It's been three years since I first emailed him. It's been two years since I first heard his voice on the phone. And it's been one year exactly since I first felt his lips against mine.  Yes, good things come to those who wait.  :-)
1	I found a gem today.  Its nothing special, just a load of bits tucked into a forgotten directory... but it made me smile.  Its a holdover from the past, that only a few select people could possibly appreciate.  It is precious to me, it made me smile and laugh and remember good times long past.  I need to call up some old friends and remince.  I'd share it with LJ, but I don't think it would translate well, only those who were there and lived it can really understand and appreciate.     CADRC *sigh* I miss that place.  Not for the work or the place, but those people , that summer... it was a unique and glorious thing... and today I found a gem from that era.  - -K
1	OOhhH!!! I just remembered what next month is. &gt;XD  Yes!! Valentine's Day and Yuki's birthday!! OOoOoO I can't wait! I don't know why but I just feel so excited!!!  I'm gonna go draw a big red heart on Yuki's birthday!! *goes to draw heart*  &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3  Okay, I'm hungry so I'm gonna go eat.   Bye bye!
0	Your words hurt me The games kill me Of the secret lives, I need to know What you seek, in the empty souls  Things were once so close Every life I could feel, near my own Now it's fleeting Speaking words with no meaning Our lives are far apart Though once we could never be torn apart  With a glance we change All I want is to change Slowly, into this night Alone in my car, I cry for these chains  As quickly as you see me, you look away As soon as you know me, you want me to change Don't assume to know the ways of my mind You will never know the weight of this heart And today I want nothing And for ever I desire what no one can give me  What is there, in giving yourself away Pictures of that to only be shared with the one you love How much does it give you... If only you knew the ends to this path.
1	Well, I've been around...and I came across a lj group called ship_manifesto when checking my friends' entries. And guess what? There was a Homura x Goku essay posted up done by D-chan, one of my favourite authors! And even more, one of my Homura x goku stories were mentioned!!   ^____^ I'm so happy...
0	My cat is sick...  I was unable to get a vet appointment.  He may have to suffer a day longer  because I am a failure...  I suck...   -Mikey-
1	I was making my quarterly poke at  http://www.spacecraftfilms.com  to see how the  X-15 set  was coming along (End of July, yay!) when I noticed a link to another site,  http://www.aircraftfilms.com   The  XB-70A ?  squeeeeee...  edit:  they also do  http://www.taskforcefilms.com   ...man, tempted to go beg these guys for a job.
1	 Now I know.....You have told people what you swore to keep to yourself.......Otherwise they wouldn't make scarcastic comments like they do....Do you know how ashsamed I am of that time, and you told people like it's no big deal...Well it is too me, thanks for nothing.    Fuck this song is PERFECT =D    YAYAYAY =D    &nbsp; 
1	        ::Hey yo what up don't take this-not!::        Created by  dragongirl  and taken 84 times on  bzoink!       Name       b-day       age       Type whatever you want        You are cool   True     You are this smart    85%                                                                           you will die when you are this old:   80     Your income   $85,729,527.76     Random Comment   lalalalalalalalalala.....I'm not listening...          Create a Quizlet  |  Search Quizlets  |  Go to bzoink!         
1	I haven't been able to post the past week because of the 16 hour shoot days on the movie. Add an hour drive there and back, and I have NO free time. Today's the only day off before we start up again all this next week. Toting 100 pounds of gear through the woods on rocky inclines for that period of time each day, on that little sleep, will teach your body a lesson or two.  But in other news, The finale of The Clone Wars airs all this week! Between that and the DVD release of Clone Wars season 1, I'll be able to have a Clone Wars viewing party next Sunday! A full TWO hours of animated bliss, that leads up to the opening scene of Episode III. Good thing we got FOUR new Star Wars movies this round, rather than just three.  So, Clone Wars party next Sunday...Plan for it!
1	After months I finally have something new to post! I know shocking isn't it?   First off I do have to thank those wonderful people who helped proof for me.       theladyfeylene   ,       strawberry_snow   , and my best friend Brittany *^^* I also want to thank       arionrhod   ,       _lore   , and       karasu_hime    for support through out.    anywho.... *^^*  All That's Real and True  part 1  *revised*  part 2  *revised*  part 3  *revised*  part 4  *NEW*  part 5  *NEW*  Part 6 will be coming soon enough..... I hope. I have a very healthy start on it but that is currently trapped at the computer repair store. A power surge blew out my power source on my computer so yeah. i am currently updating at my sister's house. Yay for having these parts on a floppy!!
0	I am getting tired of       midnight__hour    i think i am going to drop the community, well i am not sure right now, but there's good possibilities for me to do it.
1	    Happy turkey day to all my l/j friends!!!!          Feliz Dia del Pavo!!!!    
1	Well Kelsee and I shall be off to good old Chicago right after school today.  I am terribly excited, but nervous at the same time.  Kelsee and I want to study musical theatre here more than anything.  Pray for us and you don't pray then cross your fingers and wish us all the luck you can.
1	not yay because im still sick, but yay because i have an interview with starbucks today!!!! i have to sit a personality test, but thats ok because everyone loves me anyway, lol wow am i concieted or what????  but yeah so thats my exciting news, hopefully they will let me know next week and i can resign, well figers crossed that i get the job!!!!    wooooooo i wanna quite the video store!!!!!!!
1	Sweet!!!  They must have disabled the firewalls at work again as I can get to LJ!  Woot!  Man, I'm NEVER able to access this site from work, I'm going to enjoy it while it lasts.
1	My week: + no more Janakowskiwitzovich! + no more Quinn - having to write Quinn essay + meeting/hanging out with Colby :) + our "Party of Six" group (Ken, Manda, Colby, Chantelle, Chris, and myself) + making plans with the Party of Six for Spring Break - finals + getting A on aforementioned Quinn paper + pictures! + buying cute clothing - still having 2 essays to do by Mon and Tues, respectively - knowing I prolly didn't do so well on GEL 20 + Osleger winking at me :) + screaming all of the lyrics to Fiddler on the Roof songs with Manda after school and starbucks + getting the cute girl discount at starbucks (2 free grande hot chocolates care of Colby)  So as you can see, the good DEFINITLEY outweighs the bad. My friends are the greatest- even the new ones from this week that are already super awesome in my book. YAY!
0	I haven't wrote in here in awhile. Well, school sucks, when doesn't it suck. I'm just glad this is my last yr in fretz. Things with Anthony aren't going too good, I don't think we'll ever get back together, but I can hope, right? I still love him more than anything and I've been trying to get over him bu I can't, so I guess I'll wait. Everyone is saying that they just think he wants a break and we'll get back together, I hope thats whats going on. So, I've just went to school went to basketball and then came home all week, thats it. So, I guess theres nothing left to say, so i'm gonna go. Bye bye.
1	When you catch up with an old friend and find out he's carved out a new life for himself?   
1	Everything's packed and it's time to go. Probably won't be on here for a couple of days unless I can squeeze some time in at work, but I doubt it.  Everyone have a good next couple of days while I'm gone.
1	I scored a  37%  on the "how RV are you?" Quizie!  What about you?  
1	This is the fine ass that took my virginity away over a bottle of Bicardi O. well, a few shots. but anyways, he's hot.                   
1	Yeah, yeah.  I know it's been a while since I gave y'all a real update, but life has been a little busy. Not to mention the fact that I'm here and you're all wherever you you are, and that pisses me off, 'cause I'd much rather be with you!  Work is making me crazy. What else is new? *LOL*  Seriously, I'm so glad I'll be out of there soon. I'd love to be transfered to where I'd like to be (courtesy desk) but it'll be a cold day in hell before that happens. Grrrrrrr.... I really wish I could have gotten off work for BB Kings. I could really use a Pella fix right now. I haven't seen them since December and that's way too long in my opinion. *waves hands in the air* Don't forget about me boys! Heehee :-)  Haven't heard back from Topher yet, which means one of two things. A-He's really busy and just doesn't have the time to answer right now, or B-He forgot. Silly boy. :-) *crosses fingers* I really hope that the bass search is going well. I can't wait to see my Jupes again :-D
0	*sigh* only one more day to the end of the year; a pretty strange year seriously. I realized who are my tru best friends and who are not; I also got into some pretty nasty fights with them but everything turned out fine. But right now i just feel guilty; and i``m not shure why, I just feel i could do more for my friends than i have ever tried. I just wish i could be there for them as they were for me...if only i could go back in time to ix some stuff that really screwed my life.
0	ok, well since the last minute i posted (i know..i'm cool?) i've decided that i don't want to use lj anymore. so i'm not. i'm taking a break from updating.  there is no point. i don't do anything in life, so there is nothing to say.    until later...   much, much later.
1	Gone to Tahoe to Snowboard for a couple days. Back late Monday night.
1	Got home last night. Saw that we had some strawberries left over. And Cool-Whip. Mom made the biscuits and I fixed the rest. I've had 3 strawberry shortcakes in the past 16 hours.  I'm feeling much better.   And my entire family has the cold.  I think Im going to get another one now.
1	     My LiveJournal 12 Days     My True Love gave to me...     12   aguyinbr19 s a-glaring.     11   amy144 s a-groaning.     10   angel2213 s a-kissing.     9   blueeyedcutie s a-hooting.     8   cbcdavis s a-grinning.     7   eyesapphire s a-chuckling.     6   fuegoice02 s a-hollering.     5  light blue  jenn251 s.     4  piping  littlesailor s.     3  Lichtenstinian  milthur s.     2  gerbil  rocksortops s.    And a  sarahdahling  in a apple tree.       Get gifts! Username:        Another fun meme brought to you by   rfreebern  .    
1	cant wait to go 2 church with u normy from the party 2morrow ill call u b4 i come
1	Tomorrow morning, I board the plane to Columbus, OH. Everything's packed and ready - including the ubiquitous portable CD player and headphones. Yeah, I really need to get myself an iPod...  On another note, I may be moving to Las Vegas sooner than expected. My folks learned that the house will be complete in May. Time to update the resume...  But for now, I shall enjoy what may be my last out-of-state convention for a while. Unless you decide to count Anime Expo and Comic Con after my move - sometimes Las Vegas just seems a part of California.  ~Edgard
0	Here's a surreal moment. You get up at 3 AM to get a glass of water and just as you're about to round the corner of your bedroom door, you stop dead in your tracks just out of sight of your best friend roommate who is infected with HIV sitting on the couch watching  Philadelphia  and crying.  I'm pretty sure that was a badly constructed sentence.   Roger  has slumped into an "I'm going to die soon" state of being lately. I don't know what brought it on but it's really creeping me out and making me freakin' sad. All he talks about lately is AIDS, how he's going to die, and what I should do with his belongings.   ROGER:  It may not bring much, but promise me Mark,  when I die , sell everything I own and donate the money to  BC/EFA , would you?  There's an image that will forever flicker in close-up on the 3D IMAX of my mind.  Every sentence he says starts with, "When I die, Mark..." and I'm constantly "shush"-ing him to stop.   "When I die..." 
1	....but i don't feeeeeeeeel any different........!!!!!!! ee hee hee hee heeeeeee.....more tonight.  Can you guess?!!!!!  Wheeeeeee!!!!!!
1	late last night josh and i smoked a blunt and he worked on my dreads for awhile i've had my hair dreaded for over 7 monthes that seems like such a long time..... josh is the professional and he's going to make my hair look good : )
1	  hey guys its amy! this is my first entry i was just saying hi and making my first entry. if&nbsp;you knoes how to put pictures on tell me!!      xoxo-amy  
1	  Get prepared to meet the greatest german ever. Oh yeah, come see him tomorow at school!
1	Today. Was. Amazing.  I had first two blocks free so I slept and came in for homeroom.  Had french, we watched a movie.  Then had lunch longblock free, so I walked to Cheesecake with Estefa, Kate, and Diana.  Stephanie and I got a FREE SANDWICH because they messed up our order.  It was a lot of fun though, and Kate took amazing pictures.  Which I need copies of.  Came back to school and had last square dancing class :( I WILL MISS SQUARE DANCING SO MUCH.  Went to the square-off J-block and OUR CLASS' SQUARE WON! WOOOOOHOOO!!!  Had rehereal even though I couldnt go to all of it, cause I had to leave early for drivers ed.  Nancy is the coolest woman in the entire world and I want to have lunch with her.  Every day.  After drivers ed, I stopped by the concert that was going on to meet up with Gabby, and then came home to watch the RED SOX WIN. (Finally)  So really easy day.  And I have another free A block tommorow.  So I am sleeping in more.
1	OMG!!!!The Phantom of the Opera was SO amazing!!! I thought it was ok at the begining but then I just got sucked in and it was wonderful!!!  I just kept thinking that  1. I had a guy like that.  2. I could sing that good. 3. That this musical was AWESOME!!!!! I wish we could do operetta's at school.....that would be so fun!!!!  I just know it would.....but I just don't know if we would have enough people to do it.....I can't wait for the MUSICAL now!!!!! Its going to be SO SO SO SO fun!!!!!!! I love it!!!! And I can't wait!!!!!!  ~Ryanne~
1	Today was the last day that I had to spend in prison.     I got to this point in my book and I just don't understand it. Im going to ask (Rehanan?) about it tomorrow, because she has read it before.    I hope pat and I can go skating sometime this week.    I think I only $200.00 short of buying my new acoustic. I've been waiting for this for a while now.      I hope that one day I can trust matt again because I really want to get him to play bass, and for us to be good friends. We have a lot in common    I had fun shopping at wal-mart with Courtney today.
1	Although a joyful occasion, also a sad one. My Jaylen has finally realized that the Easter bunny and Santa Clause do not really exsist. Ahhh my baby is growing up  hold on................ Okay we went and hid eggs for the kids real quick. So, as I was saying, Jaylen couldn't make sence of the whole easter bunny story and asked "is there really an easter bunny"? and I didn't know what to say. I just said "what do you think" and she said NO!!! I told her now comes the fun part. Now she gets to help set out the baskets and toys in the middle of the night for the younger kids and the best part, we get to eat the X-mas cookies. So all and all today was not a bad day. Although my Sagey has broken out in hives from eating berries. I can not wait to eat I am sooooooooooooo hungry.
1	So I've noticed the last few days that there has been a rather large bumble bee hovering outside of my apartment over my deck.  I went exploring a little bit and I think I understand why he's been out there.  Off in the corner of my deck there was another bee, but it looked like it was  birthing .  Now, I'll readily admit that I haven't followed up on bee sexuality and how the make little bee-lits or how they're birthed... but I think that was what was going on.  It would certainly explain the protectiveness the bee in exhibiting around my deck.  In other news I'm going to see Jason Mraz in concert tonight in Athens.  I had fallen somewhat out of the habit of listening to his music, but the last few days I've had the CD in and I've remembered why I liked his music.  I haven't been paying much attention to him lately so I'm not sure if he's working on another album or what, so who knows what I'll hear tonight.
1	  Some blue claire icons.                                       Enjoy! &lt;3 courtney 
1	i thought the concert was awesome. visually it was really intertaining.  i enjoyed myself. even though i had to view way too many gross ladies and their tits through the "tommy cam".  and even though they played like one chorus of without you. durrr.  now i need to go do some laundry. so i can officially get myself packed tomorrow.
1	Hoolllyyyy crap Joyce, have you see the pictures of Age of Empires III?  It's gorgeous!  I bet it requires one hell of a computer behind it though.  http://media.pc.ign.com/media/721/72164 4/imgs_1.html 
1	 New Hitchhiker's Guide trailer .   Alan Rickman rocks. And Stephen Fry, who is narrating, rocks as well.   ETA:  Here is another one  that is similar to the one above, but slightly different. Someone said this was the British version. Both are worth a watch.
1	Yeah so for all of you who were clutching the edge of your seat...  THE CARDS WON! 5-4   Looks like we might actually pull off a decent season if they keep playing like they have the last few games.
0	I hate it when I sleep through my alarm!  I sometimes delude myself that if I can trust anything in this world, I can trust an alarm clock to wake me at the proper time.  But no!  Is nothing sacred?    I woke up to my answering machine, "Hi, this is (coworker); are you coming in to work?"  I jumped out of bed, uttering a few choice words to no one at all, and I panicked for 30 seconds before I finally remembered the phone number to call her back.  I said "sorry I was napping and my alarm failed me; you may leave if you want to, I'll be down in a couple of minutes."  But no, Ms. Conscientious replies, "I have to wait," heaping hot coals of guilt on my head.  So I threw some clothes on and came down.  Oy.
1	Nanowrimo 2004 is over, and you've had over a month to recover. It's now time to start thinking of editing your novel (or other works)! We owe a big debt of gratitude to       exsanguinated   : not only has she been liason (or co-liason) for Nanowrimo for the past 3 years, but she also started Edit This Toronto, to help motivate us to keep working on our masterpieces.  Edit_This_Toronto will have our first meeting of 2005 in the third week of January. If you're interested, please go to:  http://groups.yahoo.com/group/edit_this _toronto   If you're not a member, please sign up. If I don't recognize you, I'll send an e-mail for confirmation, before approval.   If you're a member, please vote in the polls to determine how often and when we meet this year. Also, please fill out a profile, to help pair up with a peer editor.
1	Things have been absolutely lovely this week. Nothing like getting laid on regular basis to brighten your outlook on life.  Gary and I have been working on getting the apartment picked up, the funeral and being sick caused it to be a disaster area.  Gary has been a godsend, he has done more than his share of cleaning and the house looks amazing. We've been also updating things. I recently got a new down comforter, if I had know it would make me this happy I would have gotten one years ago! We are looking into a new couch as well, when Ikea opens this summer in Atlanta.    We also welcomed two new furry kids into our home.  Chinchillas named Socrates and Plato.  I was only going to get one, but Gary insisted we get both so they wouldn't be lonely. This is also how I ended up with four guinea pigs instead of two, but hey the more the merrier right?!
0	Now that I'll be spending half of my summer in Florida and having to pay for LT, I guess that means I need to start cutting back on the "finer" things in life.  Like peppermint mochas from Starbucks and dinners out with friends. :( How sad...
1	I love Tedy Bruschi :) GO PATRIOTS Vanderjagt, which team was ripe for the picking?      
0	my internet is acting funny :( that makes me sad. i e-mailed a couple ppl but don't know if it got sent.  stoopid internet.  *looks around for things to do* well i suppose i could go and better myself ect..haha, whatever, i'll probably go to sleep early and get nice and rested up for 80's nite.
1	Ohh! I actually read my Ticketmaster mail today and found out something great! BW... Northern Lights in Clifton Park, NY on 5/12/05. Upstate NY!!! BW in upstate NY! I can't beleive it!  Also, there are some shows listed in Philly and Ortley Beach, NJ.
1	    COLDPLAY NEW ALBUM / SINGLE DETAILS....              Coldplay's new album X&amp;Y will be released by Parlophone on 6th June, preceded by the single Speed Of Sound on 23rd May.      FUCK YEAH!
0	Man, Robot Chicken sucks.  How can you screw up Jesus as the Bride in Kill Bill?  It looked great in the ads; it was dul, dull, dull in the episode.  Didn't even have good music.  God, what a waste this show is.  Great premise, totally unfunny execution.
1	Just found out that my cousin's Wheelchair Basketball team won their game on Saturday and are now number 1 in the nation.  This is definitely cause for mucho celebration.  They unseated the champs who had held the position for 10 years straight!  *bounces*
1	Remember ages ago when i said i lost all my piercing stuffs? Well they've been in my wallet the whole time! tucked into an unknown pocket! 4 months they've been sitting there. glad i didnt go out and buy a load of replacements, i was going to :P  Got a work doo this friday, some treasure hunt, with a cash prize and a free meal thrown in too, should be a lot of fun. we all go around in teams around parts of Surrey looking for stuff. I just know we'll get lost, cant wait!  Not much else to say, i'm feeling better than i was before, thanks for the kind comments :)   Oh yeah, i lost the game. I was doing so well, a year and a bit!
0	This has been a most unpleasnant day, the shit just seems to keep on coming. I'm just getting so tired of life consistantly letting me down I will sleep now and when i wake up it will be a new day and the shit i delt with today will be but a memory.
0	I bought a case of Blueberry Soda today at Target, and I must say, I'm rather disappointed with the flavor.  Cherry, Root Beer, Cream Soda, Berry Lemonade, Bubblegum, Green Apple, Cushed Melon, Fufu Berry and Strawberry Lime all taste great to me, but today's first-time experience with Blueberry was a bitter one.  Could it be the artificialness of the Splenda?
0	today was fun,and i was happy till, later tonight. when i started thinking about a certain person. a person who means so much to me. a person i made a huge mistake with. i miss her soo much, yet im trying to forget because i dont think she even feels the same way anymore..but my feelings for her are soo strong, that i cant. she has made such an impact on me, that its incredible. anyways, i just needed to say somthing or let my feelings out.
1	 sendmiatoireland.com  is now up and (mostly) active.  everyone should go look at it and help send me to ireland.  whoo.
0	I got off the train today, and I ran in to Catriona, yes... that was nothing unusual since we live pretty close to each other. The thing was, this was at 7 pm, I just got off the train, coming home from uni, and she was getting on the train to go to the city to see the comedy festival. I'm now sitting at home doing my chinese homework and she's enjoying herself with her friends at the festival!! .. I'm very sad, one because I am not going to the festival, and two because I obviously finish very late even for university standards. three: it's nearly 12 am, and I'm only about 1/3 of the way through my essay, which is due tomorrow. apart from that, I am slightly drowning in the work that's coming up. One mid-semester test on friday and another one next friday, then there's an assignment or two due. So life should get more hextic as the term wears on.  signing off mw
0	Here is a link to his  obituary .  Of course, this doesn't tell you what an amazing father, grandfather, and person he was. He will be missed dearly.
1	  hey friends, i just joined:  name:  missy  age:  twenty  branch you're affiliated with:  marine corps  how long:  my husband's been in for...well, july will make three years. and i've been associated with him for almost two year. but we just got married in january. it was different being just a girlfriend - i didn't care about voicing my liberal opinions, especially against the president. now, however, as a military wife, it's quite an adjustment having to hold my tongue and learning that what i say can actually have an effect on my husband, which is utterly lame.   reason for joining:  i happened upon this community by chance, but i'm glad i found it! i'm joining because it rocks to be amongst like-minded people, especially since it seems that liberal-viewed military wives are few and far between.  random interesting fact about yourself:  my middle name is 16 letters long. :-) 
1	Well it looks like I'm attending another tourny in May and for the First time ever I get to play with Marionette from Clinton Township. Ya, I've been trying to sneak onto a team with her for some time. That way I don't have to watch my back when out on sniper patrol ;) And on top of that I get to play With Flanders again. I'm happy.
1	I'd like to claim the following!  Claim-a-cat: Electra  Claim-a-couple: Electra and Quaxo  ~Dramalily~
1	  Hey banafans, where are you?!    Vote for Eric now! 
1	I get to go see Stars on the 14th!  $10 ticket!  I never use exclamation points!  AHHHHH!
0	Lame Duck radical christian President + control of the House and Senate + appointment of 4+ Supreme Court Justices = recipe for disaster.....  The next 4 years are going to be very tough for us all....  Kiss your individual rights in this great Country goodbye....
0	Okay, somebody responded to my story and found it lacking in description. I've started False Notions three times now and people aren't satisfied. I agree with the other two times. It had too much telling and not showing. But I honestly thought this beginning wasn't bad. I'm a little unsure now, though. I want to write so much, but I can't get it just right. *sigh*
1	Oh yes *does a cabbage patch*  Uh huh..oh ya.  I got a JOB!  WOOT ^.^ I'm working at SouthWestern Minerals here in ABQ and making the dough while selling REALLY expensive things. ^.^ But I got a job!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111111! !!!!!!!!!!  in other words.  About DAMN time. hehe
1	Yesterday's scare appears to have been just that. Whew!  Went in to the office today, got a lot done, had city food (miso soup for lunch, Gold Coast char dogs for dinner), will be finishing one of my favorite books tonight (Guy Gavriel Kay,  A Song for Arbonne ), working from home tomorrow, visiting my folks and seeing the Canadian Brass over the weekend.  All is well. :)
0	Dear you, Is it wrong that I miss you? A lot?  Dear you, I'm sorry I seem so reluctant about not doing it. I try not to so I can keep your respect, but I think I might've lost it already... :\ I really hope the results  weren't  were [edit: I was so dead when I wrote this] wrong.  Dear you, I'm sorry I'm boring and weird. I hope I didn't do anything to make you think badly of me.  Dear you, You really inspire me to be a better musician. I love talking to you about playing flute and actually playing my flute with you.  ...I'm tired and my head hurts.  Tomorrow, I am free all day. Anyone want to hang out?
0	*CRIES AND CRIES AND CRIES AND CRIES AND CRIES AND CRIES AND EVEN CRIES SOME MORE*  YAH, I'M JUST A LITTLE TICKED THAT PHILLY DIDN'T WIN THE SUPER BOWL... THE PATRIOTS SUCK MAJOR A**!   G2G, IT'S MY BEDTIME!  BOO HOO SOME MORE.  love britt
1	So.... my dad and I were supposed to head to Southern California today... but the weather was gonna be really bad this weekend when we needed to come home... so that plan was scrapped... maybe some other time...  I've babysat all three days this week... for two of my favorite little kids.... one of them, Kayla, is almost two and knows several signs for the words she wants to say but can't yet... the older one, Bryce is five and yesterday we worked on writing his middle name...   They have this awesome hill in their backyard... and the twelve inches of snow makes it really good for sledding... Kayla won't sled yet... I think she's kinda afraid of the snow... but Bryce was using the steepest part of the hill the last couple days... and every now and then he'd tell me that it was my turn... so I'd go down half of the hill...   I miss baseball! Is it spring yet??  Well... I'm not sure what else to say... bye for now...  ~Angela
1	So after a boringgg flight and a ride to the airport with a 70 year old man who almost killed me, I made it in one piece.  So far I've noticed that I forgot my digital camera + my hair smoothing balm stuff.  I'll have fuzzy hair and only a disposable camera to work with..but ohh well.  Last night we went to South Beach and I found my postcards (and a key chain!).  Hoorah.  Then we wandered down the the actual beach, which was nice.  Aw aww awww &hearts;  ps: if anyone wants a postcard, just say so and e-mail your address to me or something.
0	   yesterday wasn't very good at all. i thought i would be really happy to see my b/f who just got home from NY. I even surprised him at the airport. i guess i was happy but at the end of the day i felt horrible.&nbsp;my&nbsp;sis and our friends n my b/f hung out at my house. then we went to flamingo bowl (rock n bowl night) :sigh: nope we didn't have fun. relationships can be so complicated. it frustrates me right now...i'm not sure what to do.   
0	i have been very depressed lately...nearing the level it was almost four years ago when i came close to killing myself....the sad thing is that i can't make myself care.  i am so sick of the on again off again depression that this is probaby my mind's way of breaking down any barriors so i can just finally do it and be done with it.  i think i'll talk about some of it (without using the "s" word) with my gf and see if she can help me feel better.
0	My grandaunt lies in the hospital on life support.  She recently had a high fever and somehow things got complicated and had blood poisoning.   As the doctors tried to drain the puss from her blood her heart collapsed and she's been in critical condition since. But now the doctors say she's stable.  But then things still look bad. We're prepared for the worst. Her last rites has been given after much effort to find a priest (most priests were away on a retreat today).  My grandaunt and I don't really talk to each other. I don't understand hakka and cantonese and she doesn't really understand english. But I do know she cares for us very much. She never married and treated us like her own grandchildren.  I looked upon her at the hospital bed and prayed : "If her time is up, let her go painlessly into the gates of heaven. But if she is to live, I pray that she will return to us healthy and whole."
1	There's something entirely too liberating about sitting naked at your laptop. In your bed. Smoking a cigarette. With someone sexy and cute sleeping next to you. Someone you happen to love who knows what an ass you are and still loves you. Yeah... I think I can sleep tonight too, Shuu...
1	mmmmm....cold beer....in my fridge....when I got home from work  thank you beer fairy
0	hlfglswrge  All my halloween candy is gone. ;; Like, without a trace. ._. I have no idea where it went, but I really want candy. &gt;&gt; I think Marie took it... but that doesn't really make sense, seeing as she hasn't been home since wednesday morning. Pffft... I want chocolate. ;o;
0	I just heard from Phil that my grandpa passed away yesterday.  He spent the last few weeks in the hospital and Sarah and I visited him a week ago. The hospital released him into hospice care at Phil’s house. He died without pain in his own bed. He will be missed.
0	The female is set to be in Turlock. She is moved in, just waiting for classes to start. Not sure how i'll handle the seperation.  My Ducati is back to having problems, days just after having it serviced. I'm very upset over this.  I am again, lost in the suffle of being a contractor at work. Made to feel not a part of the team. Boss, is taking everyone to lunch today, since im the only contractor here. I'm the only one not going, I was however called and asked to cover for them. Cafe is closed, its pouring out. So, no lunch for me today.  I am very disappointed with everything around me today.
0	I know it's a bit late, but as of March 11, I don't have a job anymore.  I was released from it.  I was told by the temp agency that my work was good, but I didn't work fast enough for them.  Also, on the day I started, there was a large backlog of things to do (at least 250 or so things to do), and that friday, the backlog was down to about 15, at the highest.  Apparently I was only hired to help with the sudden, enormous backlog that they got.  At least I now have some money and something to put on my resume.  Back to job hunting.
1	 I have found Verdandi. I am VERY happy i no longer feel so lonely. Not much to say other then that. But lots of people are using these journals. I think that's fun....good to see everyone and know what they're up to. I am saving the cherry pie for Freyr san whenever he wants to come by....whenever he isn't too busy. I think i shall try to bake something else maybe another pie...for Verdandi and when Urd comes back home. I hop i can still pull it off.
0	Hello, im pissed off coz my mums tapeing bloody nip tuck or some shite so i cant watch Most Haunted Live for the second night running, not till 11:00pm anyway which is like an hour before it ends!! Fingers crossed il be able to see it ALL tomorrow night!!  Might as well comment on the 'tension' that hanging about by saying, 'triangle of bitchiness' hope im taking this the wrong way, add just to say its all a little childish people, but whats new...  So im going to av some Nutella on toast and sulk about Most Haunted!  xxxxx
1	This weekend is going to be so awesome. Not only do we not have school till next Tuesday this weekend is Immersed Conference at a church I have been going to. The speakers that are going to be there(that I know of) is Chris Hill and John Bevere, has anyone heard them speak? And also tomorrow night is a concert, and Skillet is playing! I just pray that everything goes well, and God touches everyone's life in some way.  ~maybe x-posted~
1	Awww!  [ ] Gnaw Free Zone: Go Away Brenna says, "With Sithen as a friend, enemies have no meaning :)"
1	Hello everyone, I want to thank everyone for the support while I was stuck with that horrible family but I left last night so I'm free!! I have a new and wonderful job that I start in less then a week and I'm here in London with my Shaun so things are finally working out and I'm finally starting to relax. I'll update more soon. 
0	 He's here with me. In the light, sunshine. He holds onto me tightly as we talk about some random thing. He's laughing. I love it when he does that. He rarely does. He looks down at me and leans down. My eyes are on him and I close them, moving to him slowly...   I sit up in bed and look around. My windows open, the curtains flowing with the wind. I close my eyes and bring my hand to my forehead before getting out of bed. He was here, I know it. I go over to the window and look out it, making sure he's nowhere around, then shut it followed by me closing the curtains.   Tomorrow is another day, one that I have to get through.   Without him.
1	my mom thinks I'm doing maths homework, but I'm totally not   *sheepish grin*  I'm working on my microphone staff for my songstress costume.  it's gonna be staff-tastic ^___^  I'm gonna go on a road trip today!!! yays!!!!   gonna take       johinnabara    back to school.   my mom wanted to come along cause she's worried about me -_-;;;  I know I'm spacy and clumsy and forgetfull, but I    AM    19. which makes me sort of a grown up  thankfully she's trusting me to survive on my own.   must burn some cds for the road.
1	Back to using my Matt Mahaffey icon because I'm on a HUGE sElf kick lately.  He's a genious, I say! A GENIOUS!  Got Jump's "Between the Glow and the Light" EP today. It's diggable (except the remix of Rains in Asia - EWWW.)  And yesterday, my iPod hoodie arrived in the mail. It's pretty much the cutest thing ever.   Carlo gets back from Buttfuck, Kansas "tonight at eight o'clock"!  I call it Buttfuck, because his cell phone doesn't work there.  If it worked, I would refer to the town as Hickville, Kansas...but it doesn't.  More evidence of Aerin's and my COMPLETE dorkiness:  PoopiNmonkeE (8:18:36 PM): I'd shake my Viglione arm at the sky and curse you and your brainwave stealing ways. planetofthemunky (8:18:52 PM): OMG *dies of laughter* PoopiNmonkeE (8:18:53 PM): And you'd be shaking the testicle at the sky? planetofthemunky (8:19:01 PM): HELL YES. planetofthemunky (8:19:07 PM): While wearing the hat.  ...as if our screen names wern't evidence enough.
0	Upsetting day yesterday.  Money is the devil and the lack there of.  I dont wanna start all over with this school thing just because the lack of money. Shit!  Maybe I was not meant to be in school right now or maybe God threw this challenge in my way just to overcome it or mayeb I am suppose to be a bum the rest of my life.  Poop on it!
1	Okay i dont know if anyone is actually watching this comunity but....  OMG Tuesday comic! THe Black pants Samuri is sure to bring some interesting story lines!!!
1	Want to watch a bunch of Japanese movie trailers?  http://www.apple.com/jp/quicktime/trail ers/index.html  has 'em!!
1	comn home today for winterbreak....thank the lord on that one
1	I just found out that my baby cousin (whos almost 18, but he's still the baby) just got accepted into one of the Military Academies for college next year. He doesn't know yet whether it wll be West Point or Anapolis, but at this point he doesn't care, he's just super excited that he got in!  I am so proud of him!
1	A letter came for me addressed to the following "Ms. Jie Yao Huang, RN."  I stared at it for a minute or so before screaming out loud that this was so cool.. This was the first letter I've received with my new title.   Just something I wanted to share and I'm just so proud of myself and my fellow classmates. Now I have to drag my lazy ass to study for my pharmacology exam.
1	Dear computer.  Next time you are plugged in, you will be at Cook.  Yay.  Once I'm done dancing to this song, I swear to god, you will be unplugged and packed up.  For real.
1	Today was my induction, it went fine, although nobody knew what they were supposed to do, even the lecturers looked a lil bit lost, we were put into three different classrooms throughout the day to sort forms and everything, there were too many people, they weren't expecting so many to turn up for this course.   Im in on a couple of subjects that I have to change, they have put me into the more advanced one when I should be doing the Int 2 ones, so I've got to go and talk to Nick about that on friday, hopefully I can get it changed.   I start on monday yay, well it will be wednesday if I get these subjects sorted still....yay!! Im really looking forward to it.
0	well yea....i'm not going to say much of anything. i haven't posted in awhile so i will do so now. i just want to say life sucks and bites you in the ass.....don't ask
1	Jerme and I are gunna get hitched! For the first time ever I haven't groaned about the subject when it was brought up. It hit me like a train when he first brought it up. Now I'm kinda mellow and happy about the whole thing. I don't get super wound up on excitement, but I think it's pretty awesome. He's so fair, goofy, loving, loyal, and generous. Not to mention sexy and inspiring. I'm happy with this man. Everyone says: got a date planned? Um, no- it's not really anyone's business. In fact nobody is invited to the wedding. Not even dear old mom and dad. The thought of having them in the room during a really sweet day sounds like a painful nightmare in itself.  A dinner out at one of our favorite resteraunts might just be enough to appease the parental units. A party with our friends might be a good idea.   So off the Vegas when everyone least expects it, and it will be a hoot.
1	All is right with the world. Yes. Yes it is. ^_^      I woke up next to him for the second time this morning. To his scent, the feel of his body next to mine. Realized then that no silly argument is worth giving this up. Nothing else could ever be this beautiful, nothing so wonderful as just being close to him. I'm never letting this go again. Never.         I love you.  
0	  You're a Gryffinclaw!: You are a determined and intelligent person who is used to getting your own way all the time. You are very passionate about your beliefs and will defend them until your last breath. Often Griffenclaws work as lawyers or activists because they have feel so strongly about a certain subject. You feel that knowledge is to be used in a practical way and you often have a very low tolerance for people you consider of low intelligence. Although you aren't a social butterfly, you don't have trouble making fiends, people are usually drawn to you. Your weakness is that sometimes you can be insensitive, you're too busy being witty that you don't realize that you're hurting peoples' feelings, often your friends. With the wit of a Ravenclaw and the passion of a Gryffindor you can face all your battles in life head on!      Which Mix of the Hogwarts Houses are You?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	It snowed today.  even in London - where it apparantly does not snow.  Despite evidence to the contrary.  so I bodded home early (5pm) from work and have made chicken noodle soup.  Yesterday I made pear crumble.  Maybe I should just join the WI and have done with it.
1	Last night was fun. Just so much fun. But you can't go to Denny's before 1 am. It's just not right.  I got my wallet back from Tammie, so that means I can finally go get my license. Superfuckingcool? I think so.  Tomorrow's my last day at Jamba Juice, and I can't contain my excitement. If anyone couldn't tell... But I'm totally gonna miss working with Scott, Megan, Bria, Riley, and Harui. And maybe Sam sometimes.   &lt;333 I'm happy.
1	Its my Brithday today! Yea for me! I turn the big 1 9. Yes, 19
1	Chapters called me today... I've got a job interview Wednesday at 1:30  :D  In other news, my window clingy worked out well, but I have no white or clear, so I may have to go buy the expensive big tubes just to get clear... I don't want to leave it empty 'cuz it feels too fragile  I hope I hear back from the Travel & Tourism program... but Chapters wouldn't be a bad job either  *drools over prospect of getting a discount on books*
1	Baton Kaitos &gt; You   Band teacher's retiring. SCORE
1	  I should get my ratties tomorrow. I couldn't be more excited.  The boys are even worse than I am.  We just assembled the cage and wow!!! it's big.  [and they need more toys].  
1	MWA HA HA!!   I had a really good talk to Black yesterday night ^^ He's made me feel so much better, and I think he's finally helped me get on with things after a long time of humming and hah-ing over stuff.  Ack! @@ Just lent back over the back of my chair and heard my back click and crunch about 8 times ^^;; Felt good~   Well, my washers finally arrived, but they were far too small!! I can't make chainmail with washers that are 3mm across! @_@ But nevermind. I have re-ordered, asking for bigger washers this time.  Anyway~ I'm off to look at my house for next year ^__^ *giddy* It's so cool! This means that I'll be moving in with 5 friends. I can't wait to have my own place ^^!!   But!! I've just seen that there's new One Piece! ^_^ So I'm gonna stop typing, download and watch it!!
1	Hello people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm ill *sob* and the light it hurts, and i missed school. but enough moaning, today as i couldn't really do much i watched: the lion king,the video tape from my party,the video tape all you guys made me, that cheered me up alot, thanks you guys and lady and the tramp. that's about it. will hopefully be back tomorrw. farewell
0	I might have this new job lined up for me.. I have already had 4 interviews and a few tests.. They are currently checking my references... Oddly, I wasn't aware I had applied for the fucking FBI!!! This is ridiculous... Four interviews, come on now  Life at home is still rocky.. No sex! Since the 6/13/04 to be exact so many excuses are spoken from her mouth that I am not sure if it will ever better itself!  I love her, I do... but I cannot commit to a relationship were no love is shared... I feel too much to act numb!  If things don't work out.. One thing is for sure.. I give up on women!!! It's odd, I have dated a man since 1994.. That's a long time.. He tainted me and I vowed I would never date a "prick" again... *sigh* Now, I am not so sure...  "That is all I have to say about that..."
1	hey! today was a long day. school went by to slow. then at one i had to go see some crazy lady. but whatever. then i came home and went to this parking lot with some friends. Alex busted his ass and broke the ramp at the same time lol. Sorry baby i love u but it was funny! well i g2g. write again soon hopefully..
0	Stress stress stress stress stress stress stress.  Why is it that it is only after everything falls apart can one look back and see the series of really stupid choices one has been making and go "WTF was I thinking, if in fact I was thinking at all?"  At least when the one is me, anyway. Wash, rinse, repeat.   Self-destructive behavior, take 33.  Someone please kindly apply a board to my head until sense has been driven into it, for clearly it does not dwell there by nature.  Annnnd... some people won Oscars. WooT!
1	1.  Back in Avignon.  Bah.  2.  Met with Judith, a French girl who is from Carpentras who will be coming to NIU next year.  She's going to be a French native, and she's a really fun girl.  We are going to get together again next week, hopefully with Elodie.  3.  Am considering not going to Spain, my Spanish friends are being indecisive and I can't be assed to go all the way there if they aren't keen on having me.  4.  Yorkshire tea is the absolute bomb.  5.  Going to Switzerland with Maria and Adele on Monday; cannot wait!!
0	By the way, I got 4 calls last night about half 12 from a with held number, I didn't answer cuz I was half asleep and confused and plus I can't really talk on the phone in the middle of the night without waking everyone up. If anyone knows who it was could they let me know please?
1	so i'm back.  did you miss me?     tonight was flippin awesome.  picked brooke up.  got monster, which was disgusting.  we got to the church and realized we really didnt fit in.  then david told us how to be hard core.  then we finally went in and were so emo punk.  brooke's monster kicked in right away and she was dancing crazy.  and then david told me to dance then my monster kicked in and brooke's wore off.  so then i tried to dance crazy.  but i'm not as good as brooke.  all of the bands were really good.  brooke and i are totally groupies of the don juan band and raymond's last day.  we're gonna make shirts and everything.  i really want to go to the show on friday.  and kim preiss is freaking gonna go or i'm gonna kidnap her.  after the show brooke and i went to beefs.    we had a swell time!  david steadman, you rock!   and david barnette, you are my freaking hero!
1	who is London-based and coming to see Mr Sixx himself in action tonight at the Ballroom??
0	God, Hanging out in heaven, Making our life's hell, He gave us free choice, But He didn't give us enough knowledge to know what we're choosing. He gets names like "The Almighty" "Magnificent" "Alpha Omega" "Amazing" "Awesome God" But I don't think He's living up to the names, If He is so Powerful, So Great, So Beautiful, and Mighty, Why is he not helping out he weak, Why does God let bad things happen to good people. Is this all some sick test of His? Is He going to sit up there, Take everything away from you, Throw you on the ground and make cry, And the only way to win the test, Is at the end you can still gasp His bloody name? It just doesn't seem worth it, All of that just to go to Heaven? I don't buy it,  And I probably won't win...
1	  HAPPY BIRTHDAY       __fallen   !!!!!!!        *love and hugs* Hope you have a fantastic day with lots of presents and  more fun than you can handle. Don't do anything we wouldn't do *rolls  eyes* lmao!       
0	It's a sad day today.  John DeLorean has died.  Very sad.  59 DAYS TILL MY TRIUMPHANT RETURN!!!     
1	HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALELUJAH!  11-PAGE PAPER=COMPLETE.  3555 WORDS!  HAPPINESS!
0	So, I just cut my hair.  By myself. I think I got a little overzealous.  My bangs are a tad on the short side.  But, they'll grow right? Right.  I can't do anything right. GOD!
0	rear ended a really nice girl named Brittany. we were only doing about 15-20mph when I rear ended her trailer hitch on her big ass SUV. Her car is fine...mine...is not so fine. new hood new radiator and some other work on the front needs to be done, the fenders were fine.  I was being dumb.       betharama    and I were busy making fun of the line painters and didn't notice that traffic had completely stopped. We both pretty much said "oh fuck." at the same time.       betharama    is okay too :)  now I'm just another bad woman driver. Not bad for 12 years I guess.
1	The filming is done for today. They shot until 11 a.m. - then Ferret and I took the Why Guy and his cameraman over to this place called FRED'S for hamburgers. Some of the best burgers in town. HUGE. Ate all of it AND the fries. I'm more than full right now... I'm UGH full.  They'll be back on Thursday for the live shots. That means being over here about 5:30 a.m. UGH!  I should be on camera. Or at least my lap. They had me on one of the stools covered in coffee bags get up and walk away so they could get the seat cover. I don't know what else.  I'm not going to be good for much more today. I think I'll do journal stuff, maybe take a nap. Work on my review for  Tangent .  It's a good thing there will be dancing tonight. I need to work off lunch. Yes, 8 hours from now... 8-)  If Keeper were here, I would so be taking him up on the shoulder pillow thing...  But all went well. It's a happy thing.
0	So... i just took the hardest exam of my life..chemistry. The quizes and stuff up till now were all really easy and i felt so confident going into the test...but now i feel retarded. That was the hardest test of my life.. i didnt really know anything. I dont think its fair that they make the quizes really easy and then kill u with the test!! I HATE IT!! im like super stresed.. cuz i feel like im always studying.. and never getitng anywhere. it sucks. i hate college...ok..im really upset......i think im gunna go get some breakfast....ok.. IM OVER IT!!  P.S. Im definitly gettin fucked up tonight...:)
1	I have sent out the application and registered to take the test on December 4th.  I can not wait at all!!
1	Whoo hoo!! GREAT song. Especially the mega remix. 4 songs on 1. But not all people will like it tough...... :_(. The only thing people might not like about it is that it is mostly in Koren but some of it is in English......but not for me though.......the Koren part is the best!!!!!! I love Korea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D :D :D
1	Hi...yea its been a while since ive written in this.  so yea its march 1st and it is still snowing! i mean i wouldnt mind the snow if it gave us a few days off from school but no of course not.  at least me and my friends are trying to make the most of it! last nite...in the middle of the blizzard me, laura, lauren, christina and jon went out and made a snowman! haha it was a lot of fun....yea we are dorks but oh well.  today was a good day.  i got the new jack johnson cd and the new JLO cd! so im very happy about that.  50 cent comes out thurs! woohoo.  so yea minus the snow my life is pretty good....haha ok well im gonna go.  heres a cute pic of christina me and lauren in the snow!   http://community.webshots.com/photo/285 576045/285578295KYuMoo 
0	You told me to never give up on my dreams. For once I do something about it, I'll be on my way to achieving it. You taught me the joy of laughter, and the delight of life. Id never been able to love myself, if you hadnt taught me to believe. From you, I learned never to give up on anything in life. To let the small things go. Now that you're gone, I dont know how I'll survive.
1	......i never post here anymore  ......that and i'm a demon in the sack.....a burlap sack though it may be
1	   The King of Casual:                                                            Inspired by the theme of the week at       men_daily    x-posted here and there  
1	  OH MY GOD.  OH, MY FUCKING GOD.  THAT WAS THE MOST AWESOME THING EVER.  THERE HAS NEVER BEEN AWESOME TO MATCH THAT. I CANNOT STOP TYPING IN ALL CAPS.  *cough*  GodDAMN.  Everybody was just so...awesome.  I love Miho.  I love Gail.  I love Nancy.  I love Dwight, I love Hartigan, I love Marv, I even love the bad guys.  I even love Becky, the little sell-out.  EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.  So, um, yeah.   Sin City  seen.  Me likey.  Lots and lots and lots.  I need Dwight/Gail fic, like, STAT.  Plzkthx.
0	This was the worst weekend of the year....it def takes the cake
0	Today was my birthday. My mom gave me lots of candy when i woke up so i was happy, haven't eaten it yet. School was ok i guess, saw the rest of Rocky IV in English. Ski team after school... wasn't too bad i was sore tho and i kept landing wrong on this jump and it killed my heels, i landed on the flat part... ow. My dad was yelling at me on the car ride home from school so im pissed at him... My gifts weren't that bad $100, two gamecube games: Catwoman(returning that) and Rebel Strike(two player) A lateral thinking puzzel book(ok i guess) I'm going to watch Anchor man soon... hope its good
1	Tonight's the night. And man am I excited.   I just have to get through the day first. No 201. That's nice. Got a meeting at one, and class at 3. Then the show. Tomorrow is when my mother comes and picks me up to go to Alabama for the weekend. I'm excited about it because they have been being really sweet to me and I know they want to pamper me while I'm home. I have to come up with something to wear to church.   I'm really excited that some of you guys are coming to the show. It means a lot to me. Get there early... Java City is going to be packed out.
0	I should not have supported Sophia, Gervais, Elladora and Germaine, no matter my personal dislike for that younger Farryll. It may have cost me Gabrielle.  I'm fool. An old fool.  Dumbledore claimed that he might be able to help my grandson. That he could bring Alec back to sanity. Mudblood charlatan though he is, perhaps his aid would be of use.  Just as long as Gabrielle never hears of this.
0	the spaces between your fingers are suposed to be filled with mine Just once i want to fall in love and not end up hurting in the end.
1	Hooray! I just finished the baby quilt for the baby boy of my latest friend-with-a-baby. I think this is my 5th baby quilt in the past year...Yikes. I think this is the last--that I know of!--for a while, though.  I've been a little concerned that it looks too girly...I started it before the baby was born and she didn't find out the gender, so I was trying to make it neutral. Hmm. I'm glad I finished it after Aidan came along, though, so I could add his name to it. :)  Anyway, my mom has a digital camera now, and since I was conveniently over at her place today...Ta-da!      Here's the full quilt.    Some of the patchwork.    Three of the four corners look like this close up...    ...and the fourth one looks like this.   Now I can get down to work on the cross-stitch project I was working on before all these babies hit. :)
0	They didn't fit right and I had a hard time getting them out on my own, so I'm just getting new glasses.  I'll pick them up in about a week or so.
1	I got a truck!  its an '84 toyota. Has a sunroof bench seats 5 speed transmission 4 wheel drive badass cd player  WOOT!
0	Life is hard as it is ...  Why do pple still want to make it even harder for us ...   Sometimes I wonder if it makes them any happier ...  Seeing how affected we get when they make things harder for us ...
1	 Friends pages are so neat.&nbsp; Calvin and Hobbes are at my fingertips.&nbsp; Also, Jorgie's cartoon is available through lj, too (that would be  Mutts ).&nbsp; Seriously, the cat with the lisp is totally my little Jorgebert.&nbsp; I'ma miss free internet in 6 months.     So my birthday was yesterday.&nbsp; Thank you       stingtastic   ,        kimby77   ,        kh1369    ,       turtleshell    ,       bergernon    and everyone else for thinking of me. :)&nbsp; Meep!&nbsp; I had a great birthday weekend! :)&nbsp;     Mmm grilled chicken salad without the chicken... ;)  
1	I just got a call from my boss, I get to see Dane Cook for free Wednesday... BACK STAGE!  So I'm super fuck'n happy right now, plus I get to meet him, YAY!  Later Kids
0	Wow , I just saw the trailer for "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants", I wish I had friends like that and a friendship like that. I think that it's not realistic in today's society , people are cruel, hypocrits and just don't give a fuck. It's a "one for all" mentality, which is kind of sad.... I may be " a bit egoiste" , but all I want is to be loved and accepted ,which, until now , I haven't been...  The movie opens June 3 rd 2005
1	    What Jelly Belly flavor are you?  I'm -              Find your flavor here!     *I* kind of like it, not sure how true it is. I mean the school stuff, but I only *want* to do crazy things. I don't do them, very often... 
0	Sometimes things get tough and things change, but no matter what happens, I want to always be in your life. I want to be your shoulder to cry on, your best friend to  laugh with, I want to always be your friend, no matter what happens. I hope you feel the same. &lt;3
1	Life is getting better and I want it to continue. I have my friends back now and I don't feel alone anymore. Also other parts of my life are getting better as well. This weekend is going extremely better than last weekend and thats a fact. Right now I am just burning off time until it's time to go out with my friends. Yea thats it for now.
1	so I got back from maryland late last night to find out that my father has pretty much destroyed my computer and I'm lucky that my mom has been up all night working on it so i can even use the internet.  i saw andrew briefly last night and he got me some presents, some pretty cool erotica books and a candle that smeells oh so sweet.  reading peoples Lj's and having brief conversations with people on the phone lead me to believe that the world has collapsed while I've been away.  sometimes i think we are addicted to chaos.  perhaps not.  im about to go to work and see what chaos is ensuing there.  i dont really want to.  but then again i do.  its that addiction man.  im so fucking happy to be back.  its just....better.  so much better.  i cant stop talking because Ive had no one to talk to.  i have all this college stuff to do but im not sure my important college files survived.  shit i have to go to work. fuck. bye bye.
1	   happy 21st varni!    you're FINALLY legal!  u know what that means!  *wink wink* 
0	im leaving in a few hours to go to my dads house. i swear, if hes a douche bag like usual, i will flip out at him. uggghh god i hate going, he always pisses me off to the point where i have no idea what to do.  the only good thing is the fact that my baby sisters are there. i love them to death.  i should go pack. see you on saturday.
1	 Wooohooooo!  I'm a Dragon!!!         I took the  What Mythological Creature Are you?  test by       peacefulchaos    ! 
0	     Your Ultimate One Night Stand... by   crispnite        LJ Username           Favorite animal           You invite over...           They bring...           You talk about...           You end up...    having explicit sex               Quiz created with MemeGen  !         fuckin school tomorrow ...sucks
0	HA! i wonder if this guy got his ass beat. i kind of hope he did. ryan, julia, drew, paul, danny, jason, creg, brett, and myself went to wrigley field last night. it was nuts. brett started a riot and the riot squad had to come in. it was funny. damn that trash can! brett didnt get in trouble or anything. so yeah, i am going to get my ass beat cuz i wont let someone do laundry. he said he was going to spit in my face the next time he sees me =)    http://image.inkfrog.om/pix/bigpeeler/C ubs___Priceless.jpg 
0	Could never. Think no. Miserable forever. Here yes.  The words that stand out will be remembered.
1	from Wonkette:    Creationism booster rues unlevel playing field: "We've been attacked by the intelligent, educated segment of the culture."  - Independent Report   hilarious. no words.
1	Hey Zeenat!  Nice to read your comments on  Rediff !  Happy for ya...  Nakul  PS: Even though the article is an year old... I felt the need to congratulate ya ;-)
0	I'll cry Over and over again, Waste all these tears  And in the end I still  Will not have accomplished   Anything
1	Well, I think that I managed to get the connection sorted at last. Just closed down and restarted and it all connected up again successfully! I must be a technical genius :-)
0	*comes back home and finds his father  passed out in a broom cupboard. *  *rolls his eyes and drags him to bed*  *Then heads for the lounge and pours himself a stiff whiskey*   Idiot boy.  &gt;:|
0	My comp. us so slow, i has some adware thing and i cant get rid of it. i tried to type this once alredy and it fucked up and closed my window  I am also still depressed . i feel like im gunna be alone for ever... like my brother, basically. But il prolly die before im 18 anyways..  On the bright side, (the only 1) my acoustic guitar is sort of fixxed and it has new strings, which is cool, i just learned Man who sold the world and im working on Simple man. Shinedown is so awsum!  ok... bye  Peace, Love, Empathy, Briannn
0	Thanks to the local Best Buy (and a break in the weather) - I now have the  Wonderfalls  DVDs.  The last 24 hours have been shitty so I need some escapism in the form of Jaye Tyler.  If you like  Dead Like Me  or  Firefly , go buy  Wonderfalls  NOW.  It's created by Tim Minnear and Bryan Fuller.  Names you can trust for quirky, quality TV.
1	Going somewhere until Tuesday.  Prolly either Lake Havasu or Sedona, not sure yet.  Just in case anyone cares or wanted to do something... I'll be gone
0	still doing crappy, maybe even worse.  i had a good night out yesterday, but cried all day today.  when is it going to end?
1	My new monitor arrived today..... YAY!!!! it's soooo super cool like travis!
1	I GOT IT!  Starting monday morning, I'm a full time employee of John Deere! I got the offer just a few minutes ago!  YAY!!!!!
1	So yeah, I've been not with the updating this month.  I don't know what's with me.  Anyway, I'm going to Texas today.  I'm gettin' laid tonight!!  (Yes, I had to share that.)  But, seriously, I'm very proud of Joe, and I'm glad that I get to go down there to help him celebrate.  I'll be back on Sunday, and I probably won't call anyone anyway, 'cause I never do.  This post actually does have a purpose in addition to letting you all know that I'm going to Texas.   BIF NAKED!! COMMODORE BALLROOM!!   If you couldn't tell, I'd really like to go.  However, I'd really like someone to go with me.        electric_potato   , you think you & Jesse would be up for it?  $25 Canadian is pretty cheap-o.  Let me know, I'll have 'net access while I'm gone.  Anyone else who wants in, just leave a comment here and I'll get all excited and we'll make plans.  :D
1	2 hours to Duran Duran.  Countdown begins!!!!  YAY!!!!! I am so nervous, I don't know why. I can't even eat.  Just gonna take deep breaths.
1	Um, yeah.  Remember last year when I was so stoked for the  Ultra Music Festival , but couldn't bring myself to drive 20 hours each way from Columbus to Miami and back, all in one weekend?  Well guess what, this year, I will only be 28 miles away when the festival is going down.  And not just Ultra, but the entire fucking  Winter Music Conference .  Talk about a divine answer to the drought of good music in Columbus as of late.  While the WMC as a whole (which includes Ultra) has a $325 price tag, it might just be worth it to splurge on the whole thing.  Even if not, there's no excuse  not  to throw down the mere $55 that a ticket to Ultra now costs.
1	Oops, didnt mean to submit that yet, but anyway.  Yeh had fun tonight, Less drama, more beer  always good.  Thanks lots to Matt       thefreek    for buying rounds, and the staff of Cage for giving me "discount" prices form drinks.  Off to recover now, got a long night tomorrow too at  Pump! 
0	 this is how i feel:    ugggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh    really, i might die, either because of finals or because i lose do bad&nbsp;and get killed. we'll see.    oh i changed my layout. woohoo. its the best i could do while avoiding studying. 
1	So yeah, Brandee might be coming out tuesday night....So here I was thinking about what to do when she mentions..."do you have any arcades open late by you?"......arcade?? lol you wanna go to an arcade???   "yeah why not?"  hehehe :)   I don't know why I get along so well with someone that does things like that :)
0	I used to have a lot of online friends, but they all left. Maybe I'll feel better if I reply to my own comments.
1	    Of course we're still on! I'll see you then, I guess. Looking forward to it~ -Demise    Okay, so I met Blaise's brother in Hogsmeade last weekend.  ...he's... A lot nicer than Blaise. But thats not saying very much, is it?  He's fantastic. And he's taking me to dinner.  See? Who needs Harry Potter. I'm beginning to think Mandy Brocklehurst had the right idea...
1	So I'm packing up my stuff right now because tomorrow I'm leaving for Orlando, Florida and I'm not coming back till tuesday night. I'll be sure to say hello to the creatures and Sea World and Mickey at Disneyworld for everybody.  Bon Voyage!
1	43F and drizzly is so much better than white shit falling out of the sky and packing on the road.  Even if I didn't feel like putting any rain gear on before riding in to work today.  It was nice.
1	I checked my Swordsonline account today to see if my dress had changed in status.  It has!  They are preparing it for shipment....  *starts to bounce a little excitedly in my chair*  Which means it should get here soon.  I want it to come now!
0	I went to find Chu-chu's xmas gift and raided so many store's candy/chip aisles it's not evne funny. all she asked for? chipnuts, cause they dont seem to have them in the US. Well guess what. They yanked them from NS too it seems &gt;_&gt; god I even searched online to find them to order and ahve mail to her. Nothing. They just vanished off the earth.  The only results at all for chipnuts now are some cajun cocktail peanuts with potato chip coating. Same concept as the ones we used to get only these are spicey =P   http://www.cajohns.com/Merchant2/mercha nt.mv?Screen=CTGY&Store_Code=CFF&Category_Code=CHIPNUTS 
1	So, before my beloved stage movement class began, I recieved a call from my grandmother.  Expecting the usual, "I just got the credit card bill, explain this, this, this, and this..." she told me that my little brother made the honor roll!!  I'm so proud!  He's very excited to be part of Bells Elementry School's first grade honors, so am I.  I wish I was there to give him a big hug.  Oh well, at least he knows I'm happy.  Speaking of happy... The cast list for "Dearly Departed" is up and I am Aunt Maurgerite!  So EXCITED!!! Hope to see everyone on Saturday at Heidi's.
1	I just want to said Happy Valentine's Day to everybody.... I want to said a special Happy Valentine's Day to my Baby Sebastian I love you very much.   I  Love Seby, I Love Seby, I Love Seby.                                     &lt;3I Love Sebastian
0	Eventually come to an end.   And so does this vacation.  *sigh*  In just a couple of hours I'll be heading out to catch my plane ride home and back into the daily grind of work and school.  *double sigh*  I've so enjoyed this week of doing what I wanted, going to bed at all hours of the night and not having to get up at the crack of dawn.  And most of all, I'm gonna miss my boy.     So it ends, once again.
1	THAT DAY IS COMING...JUST 4 MORE DAYS TILL ME, JAMIE, N JILL GET OUR TATTOOS!!!!!  AHHHH IM SO FUCKIN EXCITED!!!!!!!  i just got back from school and i am the happiest gurl ever.....hahaha!  well, the cutie that is in my speech class that i have been goo-goo over alllllllll semester actually sat down next 2 me while i was waiting for my voice class 2 start and had a conversation w/ me!!!!  ahhhh i love him so much and wanna marry him......hahahah (j/k)  but seriously...2day started out so shitty and now its turning fabulous!!  i love brian kelly...hahah  ...well its beautiful out...im outtie...ttyl peeps ;-)
0	     Generate your Anime Style by   Jena-su        Name:           Hair:    Naturally multi-coloured.      Clothes:    School boy/girl uniform.      Powers:    Summoning      Special Features:    Random tattoo(s)      Sidekick:    The great spirit of (insert character name of choice here), as channeled through whatever item you have onhand at the time.      Attitude:    Bouncy one minute, murderous the next.  No one knows when you're going to mood-swing next.      Weapon:    A sword that's twice as big as you are.               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       Depressed and confused as usual. God damnit &gt;.
0	 Oh, dude.  That, along with the speeches last night... So sad. I hope she gets better.  Oh, and I'm going to be in New York the same weekend U2 is playing Madison Square Garden. I can't go to the show. How's that for luck?
0	This site says it better then I could...   SorryEverybody 
0	"Three Years Later"  I can't believe it's been three years since the Twin Towers were hit. I can't believe I was eleven when it happened. I can't believe I was playing cards with my friends. I can't believe we nearly lost Lorraine, Doug and Jeff that day. I can't believe John Ritter died today. I can't believe it's his daughter's birthday. I can't believe anything anymore.  No amount of mourning can bring those who perished back to life - - but it makes us Americans feel better, anyway. We New Yorkers were were hit hard -  - but we got right back up. We Long Islanders were hurt -  - but we became stronger... ...closer... ...we were hugging and crying with people that we didn't know... ...because on that day... ...Americans were closer than they'd ever been before.  All of the -  - racism - fights - disagreements that we'd had before... ...disappeared.  Because on that day, we all mourned together.
0	*is never leaving the house ever again*  ...  *can't. even. smoke*
0	 Please pray for Chepe and her family. She passed away from a car accident; her sister Andrea's recovering from some injuries. :(  
0	  I didn't get to the Honorary Title show... at least I heard they only played for like 40 minutes.      Things are just kind of hard right now. To make a long story short, friendship drama of epic proportions shouldn't happen to anyone after the age of 21. It just shouldn't. In fact, after high school is pushing it.      What is wrong with people?  
0	I *hate* reading days, they make me feel unproductive and very, very depressed. I'm not good with having free time. It means I have to do mundane things and mundane things depress me. If I end up a housewife, please shoot me.
1	i jsut got back from LV and it was a pretty good trip. I missed my love julia so much. All the time i was there she was all i thought of casue she is the greatest person ive ever met. Everything i did reminded me of her, even teh dumbest things. She is the best girlfriend in the entire universe and seh makes me very happy. I swear i ahve the best memories with julia, there are so many i couldnt even name them all, it take me a week, lol. I love her more than ive ever loved anyone and i hope we remain togther forever and always. Julia means everything to me. I dont care if this all sounds corny its how i feel about her, so if u ahve a problem with it....deal. Ill try to update alittle for often but for now this is what youll have to read.  LOVE U SO MUCH JULIET!!!!!!!!!
1	Yeah, I pretty much couldn't wipe the grin off my face yesterday.  It was close to my idea of a perfect day.  I had so much fun at the performance and I am so pumped to go to Phoenix!  We are going to KICK BUTT!!!  But what made it 10x was more special was having       redhead_sue          jd_trouble    and MS in the audience.  Thank you guys SO MUCH for being there!  You don't know how much it meant to me that you were out there cheering for me.  So an afternoon of singing with my chorus, followed by time hanging out with some of my favorite people (hey, you two still owe us $2 for the "bat faced girl" bet!!!) and then capping the night off with some great play and good conversation (though I never got to spend enough time with       phoenixstar21   , grr!)... not a bad day!    Oh and       jd_trouble    - would you make one of those lint-roller thingies for me??!!
1	     Lullaby:     by       yumerio      Dead Drop:    by       ofthemorning     The One With All the Moving Things: Animated Icons Crackers Don't Matter: Funny Icons   Stolen Kisses:     by       infairverona      Point of View:     by       blimey_icons      Silence of the...:     by       teh_indy      Broken Heart:     by       jenahna      The Goldberg Variation:    by       mouthfullofdust      Gimme An O!:     by       saibakato      Love, Daisies and Troubadours:    by       checkmate__     Little Green Men: Non Human Character Icons   The Ties That Bind:     by       toastandtea      The Message:     by       soniablu       by       mouthfullofdust     Putting Out Fires: Best Coloring
1	ThunderChunky05: we get to stay in a hotel with michigan people and germany people  ThunderChunky05: from julies lj ThunderChunky05: lol  ThunderChunky05 (10:04:58 PM): germany people KreMitDFrogRuLz (10:04:58 PM): germany ppl...  ThunderChunky05: HAHA ThunderChunky05: i dont know about that girl...  ThunderChunky05: i hope the bed bugs eat you alive   This is one of the many reasons why I heart MB.  Fun times tomorrow... and all weekend, with my big date n all. :-) I've never been on a date...   I need cash. BAD.
1	 Off to subic I go guys! Im going there to relax, enjoy myself, and to forget all the problems thats circling my mind! i am just sooo stressed out man! haha ill be thinking about those guys who are stuck home right now and just watching tv because they dont have anything to do, while i swim in the oceans and walk around the diffrent places there! bwahahahahahahaha how mean! hehe hindi loko lang.. hehe if you guys want anything just text! see you guys in a week! ü bye bye!    off to subic i go!       by the way, for those people who doesnt have anything to do this summer time, please add our friendster acct. the e-mail is  happy_hitching@yahoo.com  salamat!    
1	Ilse wanted something to read and mailed me I should put an update here &gt;D  So yeah, I've been working, so nothing much of interest has been happening. Almost ruined the GC one time this week, but everything worked out fine... EXCEPT(!) For some strange twisted reason CO2 has been entering the column, and oxygen, loads, and LOADS of oxygen. Bye-bye column! =^_^=  I was supposed to write about something else, but you'll have to tell me again, Ils!  Buh! Didn't do JACK today, and tomorrow's not gonna be any better &gt;D  Tomorrow's maintenance on the GC-MS, and I get to watch... Wheeeee =^_^=  Uhm... yeah... Pretty soon my hair's gunna be blue too &gt;D  And that's it for now... Buhbye =^_^=
0	Have to be at the airport in two hours Haven't packed Stuff everywhere Terribly hungover Don't want to leave  At least the weather is crappy So it's weaning me back into Wellington  But still,  Party tonight
1	fuck yeah...!   we beat piper!! they were winning but then we came back. score: 4-3!  i did okay tho. FINALLY beat out a throw to first. i felt so damn fast!   slid at second and once again, fucked up my knee. the skin was stuck to my sock. it was sooo gross.  umpired at pembroke lakes. im soo surprised that they actually even let me step foot in that park. i thought they all hated me? i know like everyone there. it was once my second flippin home. i was there every day for like 5 hours. craaazy!  im gonna be rich soon. im so happy =D  im gonna buy lauren the bestest birthday present ever! i love her so much and she means everything to me.  my lips hurt. it was cold when i was umpiring.    GO WILDCATS! 2-2  -lacey
1	So i slept in till about 11 today.  Woah christmas is in 7 days!!  But i'm still not done shopping. O well.  Yea did pretty much nothing today except wrap some gifts and watch movies. AHHH were finally on break!!  i gotta get together with so many ppl! i wonder what i'm gettin for christmas.....hmmm...idk.  O and u its ur loss not mine!       lol! oh yea alicia get a life and not mine its called a joke!  Well amanda pretty much knows what i got her for christmas cuz i got a big mouth. hehe! o man when i'm gonna b so fat by the end of christmas cuz i dont feel like working out like i'm supposed to lol o well. Lemme kno if anyone wants to do nething over break!    7 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS!
1	Yay for  half.com ,  amazon.com  and  studytactics.com ! I saved around 50% on my books!   Last semester my books cost +$400 because being the college freshman that I am, I didn't know that it was cheaper to buy online than @ my college bookstore. They ripped me off...even for  used  books! But now I know better and I spent less than $200 this time.   Class begins on Wednesday, and I only ordered my books today...kinda late I know. Hopefully they'll arrive by next week. I know that the first week of classes never consist of much anyways.  I'm going to have to wait and see how much my workload is once school begins, so I can decide whether or not to drop a class before the add/drop period ends. But no matter what happens, this semester...   I vow to kick school in the ass and not let it kick ME in the ass!  
1	I have an sex-related filter that I occasionally post things to (and will be adding some girly-shots to soonish).  If you aren't on it, and would like to be, let me know.  It's stuff that I don't want to be throwing out into the web at large, so please don't duplicate it to anywhere public.
1	I am very happy at the moment. I have a job at KFC and I have just been accepted into Law and Macqurie University with an option of University of Western Sydney. This of course means that I will be a permanent professional student for the rest of my natural life. At least the next four (4) years but I am sure that I will survive. The Masters in Teaching is looking a bit sketchy at the moment.
0	i can't make myself do anything today. which is bad, because i have a lot tomorrow. i knew that i was going to procrastate today, but i couldn't even bring myself to procrastinate with an activity of choice.  another art thing?!              ISFP  - "Artist". Interested in the fine arts. Expression primarily through action or art form. The senses are keener than in other types. 8.8% of total population.           Take Free Myers-Briggs Personality Test  
1	My early birthday present from Kimmy arrived today via UPS! I've got a lot of reading to do to learn how to operate it properly. It has a  LOT  of features on it that I'm going to have to get familiar with. As I get more and more comfortable with using it, we'll have more quality pictures to share on here. THANK YOU KIMMY! I LOVE IT!  I LOVE YOU!!!   
0	 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGH !!!!!    Fuck her, fuck her, fuck her, now i have to tell to Zel and neko that i can't go to paris to see MoidixMois and that ill probably won't see them for month because she said i have to gave her my money to pay train i used on 1st january and she'll kick me out of home at the end of the month so i won't see Kousuke and i have to tell him that he bought airplane ticket for nothing because i ll be in Thonon and i HATE HER, no kidding, i freakin really hate her !!!!! i don't wanna go there !     she went in my room and went through my stuff again, she spoiled some drawings i made, and guys i have to tell you that i can't call you anymore coz she forbid me to call on mobile phone and my mobile is dead. not going to eat at nooon again coz we did fight.  
1	And then there were two. And then Allie was told. There was almost a need for clean pants. The news was that rattling. But it was fun news.
1	Ross just got his mission call!  He's going to Joao Pessoa Brazil!  He reports to the Missionary Training Center (MTC) on July 13th!  WHOO!!!!!!  I'm so excited for him!
1	today is my birthday.  The Red Sox/Yankees ended with a Boston victory at 12:06 today. so this date will go down in history for TWO reasons now.  Reed got me the DVD of "Little Big League" (best movie about the Minnesota Twins ever) and Shawn got me a e-freakin'-normous and delicious chocolate cake.  my girlfriend Lindsay got back to Bucknell after three days in Baltimore. technically that happened on Wednesday, but it definitely made for a much happier and more enjoyable Thursday =)  just gotta get through two more days of classes, then I'll go home Friday afternoon. then I'll head to South Jersey/Philly on Saturday morning for the best day of my life (Lindsay's birthday, hanging out in the city, going to a punk show in the afternoon and Jamie Cullum (lounge-y and jazzy with sweet Radiohead and Jeff Buckley covers) that night. yeah. I'm beyond psyched. just...wow. so freakin excited.  so yeah. it's gonna be a good day. I can feel it.
0	A secret should be told to you by: anyone with LJ usernames beginning with A, B, C, D  A compliment should be left by: anyone with LJ usernames beginning with E, F, G, H  However, a complaint about you should be left by: anyone with LJ usernames beginning with I, J, K, L  Some song lyrics should be posted for you to guess, by: anyone with LJ usernames beginning with M, N, O, P  Also, a memory of you should be posted by: anyone with LJ usernames beginning with Q, R, S, T  Ten words that bring you to mind should be posted by: anyone with LJ usernames beginning with U, V, W, X  A haiku (5, 7, 5) should be written about you by: anyone with LJ usernames beginning with Y, Z, numbers, or a _.   Maybe that will cheer me up  Very very bad day.   Want to know the irony of it all?  I was walking to the middle school after school, after going to rehersal WHICH I DIDNT HAVE. and i said to myself, "at least it isnt raining."   Drip.  On my glasses.  Awesome.
1	MACY LAID AN EGG!!! She tried so hard to push that thing out for about three hours the morning of February 11th, and she finally got it out around noonish! Pictures to come soon. I had such a good day and I'm so proud of my little girl!
0	"it isn't going to work out..."  words of gabriel alexander salinas
1	Taken from       mice     Judge Says Calif. Can't Ban Gay Marriage 
0	My Gans died last week.  My Gans.  I could never say Granddad when I was litle. So I called him 'Gan Gan'. That in time changed to 'Gans'. He loved being called it, so it stuck.  And now he is gone.  Words cannot describe.
1	I took a picture with the cutest bunny in the world. It's name is Corona. I love it. I get to watch it this summer when Amy is on vacation. Yes.
0	I heard you're doing okay.. But I want you to know..  I'm a dick.. I'm addicted to you..  I can't pretend I don't care when you don't think about me Do you think I deserve this?  I tried to make you happy, but you left anyway..  I'm trying to forget that I'm addicted to you. But I want it. And I need it. I'm addicted to you.  Now it's over. Can't forget what you said. And I never want to do this again  Heartbreaker... Heartbreaker..
1	  Ryan Adams &amp; The Cardinals First Dates of the Cold Roses Tour  April 27 - Northampton MA - Calvin Theatre On sale tomorrow, Wednesday March 16 at 10 am via    www.nbotickets.com     April 28 - Burlington VT - Higher Ground On sale Friday March 18 at 11 am via    www.highergroundmusic.com    or    www.frontgatetickets.com    Call (877)512-SHOW, or with no service charge at the Higher Ground Box Office      Come on, Texas...  
1	good winter break for the most part. had fun seeing everyone again. ill be back in 2 months. peace out CALIFONIA. holla at yurrrrr boyyyeeeee.
1	We have two new members!  Crystal, who goes by Lily, will be taking over Bellatrix Lestrange and Marauder-era Peter Pettigrew.  Her AIM sn is LilDrkPrncss.  Sarah will be taking over Remus Lupin, both ages.  Her AIM sn is tokyopixy.    Welcome to our new players, and feel free to contact anyone to talk about plot ideas and such!
0	    Oh my poor, poor childhood!   *sinks to knees, clutching elbows inward, fists waving impotently at the sky*  Ohhhh, why?
1	When no one is home, I play rock star!!!! Just thought some of you would like to know! I really enjoy my hobbie, playing bass guitar! My bass is my baby! I love it when no one is home!
1	For all my bitching about my old boss...I swear she surprises me sometimes.  She just came by the office to bring me a jar of Italian Olive Salad that she found on her trip to New Orleans.  She always did remember that I love olives.
1	I just don't have much to tell... except about the last two week-ends.  July 1st-4th was Japan Expo. I was a staffer, so these four days were really, really exhausting. But it was worth it, because the con was a real success ^^  July 10th-11th : Planete Potter IRL in Lille, at Shin's. It was the occasion to finally meet Dus ^^ Like the previous IRL, just one guy in the whole assembly... This time younger than everyone else (14 when the five girls around him ranged from 16 - Shin - to 26 - me)... and too cute for his own sake... there are some photos of the sunday morning that will make Kae regret he did not come ;p (Dus, you're JAILBAIT !)
1	Hello, I just joined the community.  I've always felt drawn to Ancient Egypt, but it wasn't until about a year ago that I began praticing some of the religion.  I'm not wiccan perssay, but i practice some of the aspects of it, especially the kemetic stuff.  I've definately felt the most drawn to Isis and Bastet, although Ra and Anubis have had some connection with me.  If you guys know of any good places to begin forming a closer bond with any of the gods, could you let me know?  I'll need mostly stuff I can do by myself, but anything will help.
1	i was watching the internet trailer of the up coming movie Alien VS Predator, n i tell u, it will be the BEST show ever!! I believe it will definitely be better than the wenyu bbq $50 roast pig skin recommended by somebody else.....n its also cost less than $9. If u need TRUE recommendation, this is it. To be shown in August 13th onwards
1	Voice From Speaker:  May I take your order? Me:  I'd just like a side salad and a Biggie Diet Coke, please. Voice From Speaker:  Anything else? Me:  No, that's it, thank you. Voice From Speaker:  *mumble mumble* Two sixty-seven. Me:  Oh, what kind of salad dressing do you have? Voice From Speaker:  Hold on just a second.  *long pause*  Voice From Speaker:  Okay, your total is two sixty-seven. Me:  Okay.  What are my dressing choices? Voice From Speaker:  Two sixty-seven. Me:  I swear on a pile of ferrets that I will give you two dollars and sixty-seven cents.  Nothing would make me happier.  But please, for the love of all that is shiny and good,  will you tell me what dressings you have ? Voice From Speaker:  You want Caesar dressing for that? Me:  Do you have a vinaigrette? Voice From Speaker:  Yeah.  That's two sixty-seven. Me:  Thank you.  So now I'm back in my office, drinking my Diet Coke and eating my side salad.  With creamy ranch dressing.
1	sparkling nights, stars like fairy lights in the sky!   i went to the notre dame cocktail party last night with Kylie, and i had a most excellently wonderful night. we both looked gorgeous, if i do say so myself! and danced, and drank and flirted with cute boys!  anyway it was a great night and just what i needed....  now i just have to pull my thumb out and do some hardcore study for my exams  eep   love amy xoxo  p.s. ill maybe put some pics up once ive developed thems!
1	First USAC competition tomorrow. It's in Fremont at City Beach. It's a pretty cool gym. I'm a little nervous, but for the most part, I'm pretty stoked. Hopefully I'll see people I haven't seen since last year and work some cool problems, so it'll be good. I really wanted to go climbing today, so I'm hoping I'll still have all of this energy tomorrow and not still be so sore. I've been super-sore all week and it stinks. Today has been the least painful though, so it looks good. Well, I wanna do my homework so that I don't have to worry about it tomorrow morning.
1	   Happy Birthday Pops!     &nbsp; &nbsp;  I couldn't have asked for a better dad ( malamang , hehehe...). Thanks for everything and promise next year  nandiyan na rin ako ! ^_^
0	I'm depressed tonight. i think my friend jessi only uses me for a place to come and drink beer. And then i found out she stole fireworks out of my garage....some friend!
1	  Hey Children! What is up?! Omg. I just went to the coolest restaurant for dinner!! Oh man. After that we went to the ESPN zone N NAILED the rower boat. yeaa!! SRR and PON FOREVER DAWGSSSS!!! ttyl  
1	     Rocky Horror Picture Show Sex Finder  by BohemianBitch      Name           Your Pleasure Giver    Eddie      Number of Times You Do the Deed    6      Location    In the pool                Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	Life is shitty!!!! I wish that it could get better. its been this way for 3 weeks you think that it would be better by now!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	 The Property Project  is looking for bands to play at an April music/spoken word event.  This event will be a tribute to the beloved and inspirational Rozz Williams, to commemorate the anniversary of his suicide..   Any bands willing to play Christian Death covers, or covers from any of rozz's side projects for a low-key event would be completely awesome. Anyone looking to get involved, contact me or go to the       propertyproject    community.
1	Woot! I am going to be getting Illustris Elephant Ear soon. I have been chatting with a lady who will be sending me some pups soon as I'll be sending her silver leaf elephant ear come spring.   Click here to see pictures of Illustris . Aren't the leaves neat?  I believe after this, I may go after Hilo Beauty.
0	Just got a call from my best friend ricky, and found out a couple of things. My band directors over there are pissed off at me and the other thinks I'm running away from all my problems. Emma told him off and defended me by saying I'm actually facing them by coming back and going headstrong. I thought you all were going to be pissed at me, not happy to see me. Just a lot of problems and its yet to get easier. Band is starting to lose my intrest.....I don't know what to do anymore. Whatever, good night everyone.
1	LOOK! it's me! i have a user icon.  (i hope) thanks jenuflection!
0	I was told in acting class this afternoon that two shows my college was planning next semester ("Chicago" and "Fiddler on the Roof") were being cancelled.  "Chicago" had the rights pulled because of 2 national touring companies, and we probably will not have the finances to back up "Fiddler".    Everyone was upset about it.  However, we can submit suggestions for alternate musicals.    However, we are still planning on doing "Hair", because as Jack told us (and I quote), "The rebel in me wants to raise hell."   I totally agree.   Now I just need to think of a couple shows that I really want my college to perform. ^_^
1	We got cable at my house.  It's the weirdest thing EVER, since I primarily associate cable with a) not being at home, b) avoiding work like the plague, and c) drunkenness.  This is going to be very odd, indeed.  I've also been kicking my ass with work; it's about a month until finals.  Thankfully, mine are all take-home, but it doesn't mean I'll have it any easier at the time, just that I won't have to struggle with outlining everything as in-detail as I'd have to.    Aaaaaand, my life is boring.
1	every time something goes wrong, something starts going right.
0	Is it just me or is Shape magazine the most depressing magazine?!  Ever since I've given birth I have had an obssession with abs, which is strange because I never showed my stomach EVER.  But now I want my flat stomach back and it's so depressing at how long it's taking.  I got so mad the other day that I started to write Shape and ask them to please put a model on the cover with a one piece swimsuit.  I've done  a few sit-ups...few being the key word but I feel like I need to be doing something else.  I'm so badly out of shape that it's not even funny.  I'm going to try winsor pilates and I expect to see results, I've watched the infomercial so many times that I'm convinced it's going to work.  Wish me luck.
0	I am entirely miserable.  Except... "Glitter and gold, here comes gold... Glitter and gold...."  Yes, I am a Jem and the Holograms fan. What I wouldn't do to have a day to sit on my arse and watch every single episode. Twice even. If only it came back on the air. If only I could afford to buy the 65 episode set off of Ebay that cost $50 US, plus shipping... Blah...   You have to read today's entry at  Http://Drunk.as/Devin  (10.03.03)   Life is POO!!!!!!!!!!!!!  God, what did I tell ya? Always ventin' in this damn journal.
1	Have had  smashing  good idea for continuing OLS. Smashing, I tell you. Now, I just have to write the damned thing out...  In other news,       technoelfie    has created   ( art of Takeshi )  , and it is FUCKING GORGEOUS. It is IDENTICAL to how I pictured him, like she read my mind or something.   [moans lustfully]
0	  Wobbles was sick during the night, but there was a furball in what she brought up, so that may have been the cause. I'm just going to keep an eye on her for now, and hold off going back to the safe diet for a bit.
1	Ok so I went to that shady record shop again...got me some Jethro Tull, Eagles, Boz Scaggs, and Yes.  Woop.  I've turned down over $1,000,000 in scholarships this year.  I counted.  And I'm now 99% to UNC.  Rock.  -- "My whole life, I've had that same anxiety...that if I didn't like save something or discover something...you know...I'll have somehow wasted my time here and somewhere whatever force created us would  resent  me for it."  -- "I think that force would rather remind you that breathing is all it takes to be a miracle."  WORD
0	everyone is like getting ready for formal ---&gt;&gt; no one knows who their going with expect for brennan is going with ashlee =)
0	   [ full size ]   I tried to find a Haku wallpaper, couldn't find one, gave up, and made my own. It's a bit plain, but it works for me. (Well.. for now.)
0	     How Will  Your Friends Die? by   arshus_ney        Username           Will Choke On A Peach    impish_kitten      Will Be Murdered By A Psycho    moonglum      Will Be Eaten By Clowns    shinigamikun      Will Die In The Throes Of Passion    egoomega      Will Be Abducted By Aliens    fallsoonagh      Will Suffocate In A Corset    dweazil      Will Be Smushed In A Trash Compactor    kirbyque1      Will Be Burned As A Witch    ayanamikari      Will Be Slain By Their Lover    draggingmuppets      Will Be "Hit" By The Mafia    hinode      Will Discover Immortality    nu_gundamsazabi               Quiz created with MemeGen  !       death isn't so funny to really joke about.  but at the same time its part of life.  when have the circumstances ever mattered.  maybe if we look at anything comically it won't be a serious situation.  I wish everyone wasn't having a sunday arguement.
1	      ocean_song   , thank you so much for the adorable Easter card!  I've been sick this weekend so I didn't actually make it out to the mailbox until yesterday, and there it was, waiting for me.  I absolutely love it, and I really, really loved that it was addressed to Trista My FriendBot.  Tommy got a huge kick out of that, too.  We so need another San Miguel/coffee shop fix, with lots of gossip and laughter.  I adore you, sweetie.  Thank you for thinking of me.  *smooch*
1	My package, One Piece Grand Battle! Rush just got here. :D  time to go play. 
1	this is so crazy. I got here to school on friday, and todays my first day of school, even though its only a half day. we get to spend the rest of it doing community service, which will be ok. my group is awesome. anyway, I'm in the library, I should have my internet up my tomorrow at the latest in my own room. yay! its so awesome to see everyone. and our senior rafting trip was awesome. yeah. well I best be off to class. I'll update as soon as I can. ciao!
0	Arg. Today is meh. Kevin is trying to get me to hate him, so he's being a dick and stuff. It's not working though. The other day he made me feel like shit, but I don't think he cares much. Atleast he didn't show that he did so yeah. If you want to know more about what went on go to his journal. I talking to Kevin today(my Kevin) and he wasn't in that great of a mood. His best friend is in the hospital and might die.:'(. Man the past couple of week have just sucked for him. He is going to Oaklahoma, don't tell him but I'm still reeeeaaallllyyy sad that he decided not to go to college down here. If I think about it too much I sometimes tend to cry. I just remembered the other Kevin said he would never be mean to me again, so much for that. Maybe I'll put our convo on here later, don't know though. I tried out for basketball today, I think I did alright. Hopefully I will make the team, if not there is always softball. :D. Well I'm going to go, be back later.  Espy  PxS- I love Kevin
1	For the most part, I fucking hate group projects!  I have one in like almost all of my classes this semester, and the biggest one is in Consumer Behavior.   Anyway, we had like tons of shit that we HAD to get done by tomorrow so I just sat down to start doing it when this guy who is in my group called and was like "Oh yeah, I was bored last night and did all of it.."  I was like "HOLY SHIT! I LOVE YOU!"    I guess group projects aren't all that bad after all.  I skipped my 3D design class today, so my weekend starts early!  I'm so excited, cause this semester has been killing me!
1	Well I'm off to Boston in about 2 hours...yay!  I'm excited to not only take yet another vacation but also to see my silly goose prince!  Maybe I'll even find a job...=)  Well next time I talk to you all I'll be livin' it up east coast style...Better finish up the last minute packing =)
1	 I got my first positive feedback from one of my costumes! It was from the guy in Australia. YAY!           Awesome product and fantastic transaction! A very big THANK YOU!     Buyer &nbsp;  socrates_reborn   (  15  )    &nbsp;Apr-12-05 02:38     5565266750       
0	I thought I was gonna snap outta it but I didn't... weekend was awfully hard to bear esp when baby is sick and grumpy. All that is bottled up inside me that I had intend to explode it during the weekend didn't come out as planned. It was not good. My depression I felt had gotten worse.   Many things running through my head.. New fears came and with my 'good' imagination.. they just keep coming and bugging me endless.   Caught between the need to accomplish what is on hand and facing tears n issues that I felt I need to resolve.. It's not making me better... why must this happen at a time like this...!
1	Yay!!!!  I've got 3 tests down.......2 more to go.  All the craziness can finally end at about 11:15 Tuesday.
1	Going to get my hair cut yup yup....the dye it gray. Haven't had bangs in years...SO SICK of my present wardrobe so I'm revamping starting this weekend. Just sick of not looking like myself and people telling me I look like Marilyn Monroe. Going to get a color scheme, oh yes....I'm finally doing something about it. FINALLY! I never thought my face went with who I am so now it's time to try to do something....Dr. Phibes hair man it's goning to be great. I want my wardrobe to be Mrs. Doyle and Scott Walker style...oh man, I can't wait to hit the thrifts! I'm feeling the colors already. Going for the gold: those spastic violins! I'm also going to draw inspiration from my spirit animal: the Narwhal.  THE SUPERCUTS ON MONTAGUE STREET DOES EXIST!  Anyway, MID TERMS, oy.  Also, going to STOP chewing the inside of my mouth. Not sure what will be the best way...I thought about the quarter thing but I have to put quarters away for laundry so it's not that much of thing. I don't know...hmm.
1	Well its Christmas, and all is good...   Trying to call you all, if not today hopefully tomorrow.  And I want to give a shout out to Jenny A...  She told me she would kill me if I didn't, so now I guess all is still well.  Love and miss you all.  More to come tomorrow.
1	     Your love is... by   ChibiMarronchan        Your name is...           Your kiss is...    breath taking      Your hugs are...    to die for      Your eyes...    burn into my heart      Your touch is...    heart warming      Your smell is...    refreshing      Your smile is...    amazing      Your love is...    unique               Quiz created with MemeGen  !     
0	 Well I survived my 31st Birthday.  But the company that want to hire my as a network technician hasn't call back with a start date or anything.  Well, its funny; today I was on the NYC IT Job website and they put the Certified LAN Administrator (MCSA), posted it back up on the website.   The first time I didn't apply because I was promised a position at Reuters. Well, I applied for the job today.  Hopefully, in the next few days to a week I will get a call.  You had to mail in a cover letter, resume, and salary history, so it maybe sometime until I here from them.   On Friday "Equal Opportunity Magazine" is have a career fair for people with disabilities, and BMCC is also having their own Career & Internship Fair on Wednesday, April 13, 2005. So I have two opportunities to find a job coming up.  Maybe, things are starting to look up.   
1	  Quark -- You are subtle and mysterious and people know very little about you. You like hanging out with small groups of friends (usually 3) who you are very close to. You are usually friends with other quarks like yourself.      What kind of subatomic particle are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla     Yoshimi - &quot;Happy Beauty&quot; Sponsored by www.life-blood.cjb.net      What would your Japanese name be? (female)     brought to you by  Quizilla  
1	okay okay, im going mad with obsession and need to post pics for you all here are some beautiful liverpool pictures----&gt; I MET NICKY WIRE! as did culture_claire, best day of our lives, seriously.   beautiful nicky before the gig   me looking ridiculously happy(but ugly) meeting nicky   culture_claire and nicky :)   my favourite nicky pic ever that im proud to have taken!   another fab nicky pic   I cant WAIT til the leeds gig! and the 19th at hammersmith appollo too now :) yay stupidly excited :)
1	I saw "The Fast and the Furious" again today.  That still is the phatest movie I have ever seen in my life.  I loved the green Eclipse.  I would love to have one.  But...my all time favorite car that I would love is....a 1976 Pontiac Trans AM. That is one sexy car.  But in the movie...the guy drove a 1972 (I think) Dodge Charger...with a 900 horsepower engine and a blower on the hood.  Sexy sexy sexy sexy!  I am gonne see it again with Katie and then see it again with Allison.  That is the awesomest movie.  You gotta go see it.
1	Ok, so I just had the best night ever. I'm not gonna say anything on here cause what went on was too good. I'm very happy right now and it's all thanks to Steven. XOXO babe. Talk to you soon.
0	My Nymphetamine cd is scratched... "Gabrielle" won't play at all...
0	"I find it kind of funny. I find it kind of sad. The dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had."  This is the best line in Gary Jules' "Mad World" which was this song I fell in love with when I heard it in Donnie Darko.  So I'm listening to the soundtrack right now as I'm getting ready to brush my teeth. And it is only now that I realize that the Notorious B.I.G. sampled Duran Duran's "Notorious". That's lovely. I had no idea. Hmm.  I also prefer the Gary Jules version of "Mad World" over the original Tears For Fears version of it.
1	Okay, to update my movie marathon project (365 movies from december 3rd, 2004 to december 2nd, 2005), after 2 months, I watched 84 movies. I think I'm doing pretty good. Well, it's all a matter of perspective, you know.
1	           Your Livejournal Blind Date          LJ Username          Gender     male  female  neuter  other       Favorite Color     black  white  red  yellow  green  blue  purple  silver  gold  fire       What you are wearing          Oh look!  Your blind date is      shuffleburry        Your date is wearing      a leather miniskirt and fishnets        You dine      on stale crackers and Laffy Taffy        Then you spend the next three hours      locked in a lovers' embrace        Before taking you home, your date gives you      a spanking        This makes you feel      like breaking things               This   Quiz   by   sarcasticka   - Taken 35723 Times.          New! Get Free  Horoscopes  from Kwiz.Biz             
1	 Last night was amazing. Clay decided that since I only have a few days left in Texarkana, it was time for me to get out of the apartment. We rode around for a while and ended up at the park. We ended up sitting on the swings and talking for an hour or so while this light mist was falling. Then we went to Popeye's because Clay was hungry, but I think the girl at the drive-thru was schizophrenic.  Then we came back here and lay in my bed and listened to Jets to Brazil's  Four Cornered Night  (thank god I managed to keep that CD). And Clay made fun of me for still owning Dave Navarro's  Trust No One  (I don't know how I managed to keep that one...)  There's more, but that's not to be shared. (Yay for me. Right, Brian? Being more discreet and all. :-P)  But he is amazing. 
0	Funeral will be Wednesday.  Its going to be big, horrible, sad, depressing event.  How could one person cause so much pain
1	There's something exciting and naughty about a vegan eating a hamburger :)
1	fuck yes. this weekend was the best i ever had in college.  in addition to the awesome show last night I picked up:  hot cross/lickgoldensky split 7" hot cross - fair trades and farewells lp phoenix bodies/enkephalin split lp  and today got in the mail:  funeral diner/the shivering split lp you and i - saturday's cab ride home lp a day in black and white/black castle split lp test press  so many new records, too bad i'm broke now, ha ha.
1	Calling all authors... Calling all authors...  Just recently, I was accepted into AIU Online College, and now I need all the grants I can get.  The one I need the most aid with is one from L ron Hubbard's Writers of Tomorrow grant.  $1000 for a 17,000 word short story.  I can do the writing, but now I am at a complete loss to what the story should be about.  Any ideas with fantasy, whether its elfquest fan fic or even furry is welcome.  Nothing too modern sounding.  Medieval has always been a favored theme with the different plot twists it can have.  I have so many ideas, I can't decide which to do.  Please help!
1	Yes!  I got it to work again! I once again have internet on my PC.    *hugs net*  I missed you!   (Except when I used the internet at work.  It doesn't count. ^_^)  It's always some little thing that trips me up.  And this time, while I have no clue how I managed to get the network working again between the two PCs (my Mom's new Win XP Pro machine and my Win 2000 Pro machine), the McAfee firewall was keeping my return to the net from happening.  (Though it might have helped in the reconnecting of the network...dunno.)  Whew, I'm gonna enjoy catching up on this backlog. ^_^   Though, my machine is named Tabris, mom's is named Enigma.  You figure, from the Neon Genesis Evangelion view point, Tabris and Enigma would go great together. 17th Angel meet Mystery! ^_^ 
1	This morning was a classic, a woman calls to get guidence on MAKING OUT HER CHECK. What was causing her quandry? We ask people to put the name of the park they are staying at on thier check and she didn't know how to do it. I asked, "Do you have a subject line?" She did but she had put something else in there and had no room. "OK, so do you have a post-it?" She didn't "How about a piece of paper you could write a note on?" People! These are LIFE SKILLS. Do we wondering why our country is getting passed by when this shit goes on? The scarier thing is that I have to help her, I who, this morning walked out of the house with 2 different shoes on and didn;t notice until I got to work. Hotard.  But I'm coping pretty well, a big part of that is Ray. One of the few remaining decent, kind, hard-working men who doesn't play head games. AND he's single AND he likes me, so the planets must have been lined up, so all that good will trickles down the chain making the world a better place
1	Thanks to Pam, I now have a picture of Frida to show you!   FRIDA 
0	when once i had a mind of knowlage now it lays dull and lifeless my body floats forth towards light i left my heart with you til this night in these moments i am crying  im trying i swear im dying from the moment you stopped loving  to the moment this reached my ears you were flawless, i was flawed now this moment i stopped breathing this is what i call falling down to live is to love with out love death smiles as it consumes me, i just let go makes death painless, yet quite slow tracing back to when you were unfamiliar and my heart seems to become a flame we appeared happy when i know you were the only one sill sane.
0	I.. I don't know what to say right now...  I don't know if I sould hate Sakano-san right now or not, he did hurt me.  I guess I was asking for it though.  I kept taunting him because I was seriously bored.  I didn't think he would actually... I mean, it hurt, partly because I haven't let anyone sleep with me in about a year... but partly because he forced himself... *sighs* I asked him to stop, he didn't.  I don't think he meant to hurt me...  but it doesn't change the fact that he did.  Once he finished I pretty much kicked him out of my apartment.  I feel a little bad for doing that because I didn't even explain to him what was going on.  I don't know if I was scared of him or what exactly was going through my head at the time, I just didn't want to see him right then and there.  I should probably talk to him.  He deserves an explanation of why I reacted the way I did.  Maybe I will just call him tomorrow... or in a few days.
0	For those of you who went to EKHS with me, do you remember Erik Mirandette from a year ahead of us? Very hot blonde guy? I think he dated my sister briefly, and his father taught my father and brother Aikido.  Anyways, he was in Cairo when the nail bomb went off. His younger brother Alex- class of 04- was the one who died. :(  Apparently Erik and the two others who were with him are still alive but are suffering heavy bursn and nail wounds. These poor, poor guys. I hardly knew them but they were nice.   Here is a article, taken from  thetols 's livejournal.  http://www.woodtv.com/Global/story.a sp?S=3190260 
1	Ok, I have finished this and I have to admit that I liked it alot!  I think that it does tie up some loose ends as a 3rd part of a movie should.  Although it doesn't make me like the 1st movie any more than I do already, it does open my eyes to Ep. II though.  Now having read that, things seem much neater.. but what do you expect from the middle of the story.  Now on to the audiobook!!!  WOOOTT!!
0	I thought birthdays were supose to be time to party with your friends, and get lots of presents....  well for 1.  all my "friends" are going away, and 2.  Im not getting anything.  Ive finally come to a point, where i dont expect anything so i wont be let down at all.  Because if i dont expect anything then i can be let down.  I was supose to go out tonight, and kristen said that she was going to call me, but she went out with carson and that whole bunch, so laura gets left home again.  I hate the fact that im in a different school, im so distant from everyone and everything....  it sucks.    Things are just so messed up and there is no way to fix any of it  I hate my birthday
1	tonight was full of rain, baseball, mexican food and movie watching. i had a great night with great people. thank you. i needed that.  what a shindig.
1	yaaaaay, yayayaya, I got a new job :D Well a two week trial at least, working in a primary school. I take care of kids before and after school if they need to get dropped off early/stay late. It was weird, I thought they wouldn't take me because I have no experience, but apparently studying education at uni is enough *shrugs* It pays really well too...I hope it works out.
1	Yup. I just talked to Scott. He's so great.&nbsp; He has made my day :) Lol.. Yeah, no Teo. He should get the gift by today. Time will tell what he does with that shit tho.. I dunno. But anyways. Talking to Scott for those few minutes has made things ok. I am in a better, more cheery mood. Yup, Yup.
0	The end of the world *dies* I can;r believe it &gt;&lt; *cries like hell* what will I do now?! ;;
0	I'm slowly coming to the realization that my life sucks.  Everyone who isn't me is very lucky for that reason.  Being me is hell without the pitchforks and flames.  I can't think of a single thing to be happy about or to look forward to; the future contains only misery and disappointment.
1	Inside13005: happy almost birthday=)  dgavin: happy birthday  ok i got a few verbal's too... but that's pretty bad ass, and i'm not even there yet!   today is a lovely day. i'm rockin out in the lab, my(G's) sweater fits perfect, i brought a good lunch, and my night class is canceled!! to top this all off, the weather isn't half bad, i didn't even wear a coat to campus (not that I ever do).  wow, where did all this excitement come from, i'm never happy and excited and writing a paper all at the same time.   nice.
1	"its got me on my knees in a bathroom praying to a god i dont even believe in. well dear jesus, are you listening?"  no hes not listening. when im 18 i can buy a gun, and what i choose to do with this gun is my choice. see, i have something to look forward to now... and you have something to be scared of.
1	Finally, I'm in the mood to write! A little while ago I got a great idea for       brightsun301   's requested fic, and have been working on it since. :) I think you're going to like it. It shall be out in a few days.    Off that topic, I was wondering whether anyone has any links to Percy character studies/essays. It would be very much appreciated for some  research  for a future fic I'm planning. :)
0	Yet another post filled with Jinxy photos. I got some great funny ones today.                           x-posted
1	Friday:  went to the reservoir with Chel, fed vicious seagulls and geese (not ducks), ate at Greenwood Cafe, got Pat, went to Towson, saw Voelker, picked up a chair, stopped at Chel's house, went to pick up Dan, got attacked by a bird (twice in one evening), went to Ikea and Target, made a Taco Bell run, went to Dan's, drove Pat home, had the funnest car ride home EVER, slept  Saturday:  did Lily's hair for a ring dance, got food, went to Raider Aid, saw some people I haven't seen in a while, had some bubbles burst, went to Colleen's, another Taco Bell run, went to Ena's then back to Col's, picked up Aaron, went home, slept some more  Sunday:  tons of homework and then Panera for six hours  Just in case you were wondering and, yes, it was very fun, which was a change.  This week should be good and I can't wait for spring break!
0	Some older stuff, done about 2 moths ago: I've decided to create some lolita-maid outfit, so I done a pair of sleeves, a choker and an apron, all handmade and hand painted (my own flowery design).  Here is the result:      Maido set    And that's how I looked in this (together with Lenore and Lavinia):      Goth & Loli girls    More gothloli outfits soon!
0	I saw him today...  My Secret Agent Lover Man.  ...he wasn't as perfect as I'd wanted, and so now I'm left Secret Agent Lover Man-less. Whatever shall I do?
1	The Protector of the Small is a 4 book series by Tamora Pierce. the books are (in order) First Test, Page, Squire, and Lady Knight. its the story about a girl intent on becoming a knight. everything and everyone is against her being one, saying that girls shouldn't be in combat. its about her struggles, and fights. its a good series, and i'd recommend it to anyone.
1	Ok so I wasn't going to update today because I am trying not to update so often. Well that never seems to happen now does it? But today was a good day so I'm gonna.  After Sean, Benny, Jordan and myself hung out at Mulligan's, I hung out with Jerin!! I've missed her so very much. It was great seeing her tonight. I plan on seeing her a lot more before she goes back. I simply must. I also hung out with Sarah Preston as well. I've missed her too.  More to come in another post possibly.
0	The priest who married Mat and I died a few days ago.  He was 75 and was only in the hospital for a few days.  We need more priests like Father Leo.  Please pray for his family and his parish. In other sad/weird news, my mom drove by an accident on Fair Oaks Blvd on Monday.  She found out the next day that her decorator died in it.  ::hugs:: ~ CC
0	Duo#2 left today. At the moment I am not feeling so great. Never fully or even partially pour your heart(or how ya feel) out to anyone, unless you understand the current situation to the fullest. I had to re-learn that lesson again, the hard way. Then again, don't rush things. The second best advice that I will give people is: "Don't rush things." I want to be with someone. I really do. I hate being lonely. Anyways, someone made me realize somethin' today. Actually, three very nice people made me realize something today and last night.    I really don't know what to think anymore, about this subject. I am speechless......... I am not thinking about anything at all..... My mind is blank.    -Tetsuo
1	So I downloaded a Photoshop-type thing from the Serif company and I made myself a new default icon.  I plan to make more.  It took me forever to figure out how to get it to save as a .jpeg file, cause it would only let me save it as a .Spp file and that's unreadable by everything except Serif PhotoPlus.  But now I know!  You click "Export" and voila!  10 points if you know who is in the icon and       dragon_foxx    may not guess.
1	well i haven't typed l8ly...frioday was my bday had krisitn llizzie sarah and luci micheal my uncle matt ova well steven and doug came hoe with me after skewl had some fun i guess.....but saturday went to james bday party had a lot of fun there....meet elizabeth..."He loves me!" omg funny stuff...."I wasn't an accident, they wanted a girl." man we were laugiin till the sun came up on sunday...."Hey alex. I got a question. do u like fudge?" haha..or **jumps on Bubba** "bubba do u love me?" man well skewl was kewl yesterday krisitn and becky werew gone but luci was gone today but call me ppl  632.8723
0	9:30 AM on July 6th, 2004 Panda LaForge (a.k.a Piglet) died.   I havn't been to sleep yet, couldn't stop crying. She had been having seizures since yesterday at noon, and we decided she had been through enough pain. She was 6 years old, and had two husbands, Honey (a.k.a Pig Pig) and Oreo (a.k.a little pig)  We love her, and will miss her.    
1	Happy birthday       jaxie52     Hope your day is filled with many fabulous things!! Best wishes for the coming year!!   Today is the start of the last week of Month 2... Weight is now 186 (due to have my monthly friend this week so it is probably a little less) Swam 17 and a half miles   Got my raise today. It will start in this coming check!!!
1	This post should actually be a 'reply' for       magnolia5    but I'm posting it b/c its easier and I'm lazy:  The BEST Audrey Hepburn movie is:   This movie will give you goosebumps! 
1	 I have one thing to say.      Welcome back, Dieeeeeeen~      -waves banner- He's finally outta the hospital, can't believe the guy has 3 kidneys.  
0	Today was a day from hell at work.  I'll post more another time if I get the chance.  What started it downhill was, of course, mostly unrelated to work.  One of my first emails of the day came from our formulary manager, who forwarded a message from the FDA: "FDA asks Pfizer to remove  Bextra (valdecoxib)  from the market."  I was worried about this.  Bextra is what keeps me functional.  I've had a form of arthritis for 15 years now, and Bextra is (I think) the seventh medication I've been on.  Things work for a bit, then they don't work so well.  Bextra's still working.  I have about 2 and a half months left, and then I'll have to try something else.  Problem is, everything else is likely to be inferior.
1	Amy and I are staying together for the cats! Really though, there is so much work to be done, but for now i'm just happy that my heart gets to stay in the same apartment as me. I was so scared she was going to leave with it.  and       
1	So fluff went home today and whatever she tells you she had a GREAT time im sure you all will here about it....We basically spent the whole weekend at andrews hes so great i like him so much....hes taking me out tomorrow for my birthday he wont tell me where all he said is dress nice..he called me last night asking me all these questions and stuff...whether i prefer a necklace ring bracelet or earrings, white gold or gold, what kind of flower i like and what color so i dont know what hes gonna do i hope nothing big....after that we are gonna hang out at his house..lol....the only thing that sucks is hes leaving on saturday to go back to school which is like two hours away or something like that....so we are gonna see how things go...im gonna miss him soo much....anyways gotta go ill write tomorrow to tell you how my birthday went.. bye byes love, ~*Stina Beana*~
0	Why am I the last one to know everything? It almost seems like I am not thought of enough for someone to include me. Now not all people do this...just a select few. And I do mean few. I am just tired of dealing with the thought that people don't think that I might want/need to know whatever it is that they know no matter how small or large it may be.
0	God bless America Land that I love Stand beside her And guide her Through the night With the light From above From the mountains To the prairies To the oceans White with foam God bless America My home sweet home  God bless America Land that I love Stand beside her And guide her Through the night With the light from above  God bless America My home sweet home
0	YAH IBU MAU PERGI YAH PASTI BAKALAN SEPI KITA KAN DAH AKRAB TAPI YOU ALWAYS IN MY HEART..... ATI ATI YAH EN ALWAYS REMEMBER ME EN US OKK!!!
1	 http://www.livejournal.com/users/fa ukes   Yippee!
1	 http://www.screamscape.com/html/s_s_scr eaming_squirrel.html 
0	The Pope has died!!! I'm so sad, being catholic and all i thought he was a great man. I hope he didn't suffer that long. This is a sad day for the catholic community. I hope he is in a better place, let his soul rest in peace.
1	My lord it is beautiful out today.  Sun is shining it's about 74 degrees and it's Friday.  The weekend promises to be even better.  I love it when it is like this.  The air smells clean and fresh.  You smell the aroma of fresh cut grass.  Spring is in the air for sure.  No big plans for my weekend.  Girls afternoon out tomorrow and that is about it.  Hitting the mall tonight (what am I 18?) nahh just helping a friend find shoes for a wedding she is in.  And Sunday will be the lazy day just as it always is. Going to try and be lazy outside if I can help it.  Need to get some sun on this body.  NOthing better than a healthy glow to the skin when it is done properly.
0	     You can make a difference.  Just by  spreading the call  for help.    Nonton rekaman bencana tsunami dan gempa yang disiarkan Metro TV. So scary... &gt;_&lt;  Dan lagi2 hotmail gak bisa diakses.Damn it!!!
0	tomorrow is my birthday and I am going to my grandma's gravesite ceremony.     when it rains, it pours.    such is life.
0	Yesterday was my birthday... I didn't do much to celebrate, and when the afternoon arrived and my boyfriend still hadn't wished me happy birthday, I assumed he had forgotten and became rather depressed. (He didn't forget, he just waited until the evening to give me my card and take me out to dinner.) But in the midst of my afternoon depression, I went to the gym in hopes that exercise would purge my negativity. Instead, the girl who scanned my membership card at the entrance noticed my date of birth, and the following exchange ensued:  Her: Happy birthday. Me: Thank you. Her: I was going to say that Pisces are nice people, but you're not a Pisces. Me: Aries can be nice people sometimes. Her: (rolling eyes and looking away) If you say so.  WTF?! I don't believe in astrology, so it's a silly conversation anyway, but did she really need to give a backhanded insult to a stranger on her birthday?
0	Sleep didn't exactly provide any escape.  I had a dream last night that I was driving a car and both Socks (my last cat) and Ali (my current cat) were in a little carton together.  Some sort of accident happened (my fault) and they both died.  I managed to revive Socks, but not Ali.  My dad, who is a nurse, showed up.  He started trying to revive Ali, but I questioned whether or not that would be wise considering she'd been getting no oxygen to her brain for 10 or 15 minutes.  So we just let her go, and I was wracked with guilt.  All I could do was cry.
1	Because of a recommendation from a friend I have decided to start a blog.  My blog will consist of three main things: my life at school and work, my cat (Toby), and my life in general.
1	Dinner's in the oven.  Smells good.  I have no clean pants at the moment. Silly yote left her window down today because she thought that, since all weather bulletins thus far have been WRONG WRONG WRONG, it was not going to spontaneously combust into rain. So car's all wet. Which meant ass was all wet driving home. S'cool though. Jeans and seat covers in the wash... Why do I feel like I never do anything but laundry?  School was okay, but seriously, four straight hours is a little much. I don't know how I did it in high school.  Oh. I didn't. Wasn't that fun?  V. proud of self. Rewrote three pages today. V.G. progress. Hate Bridget Jones.
0	I'm just in one of those moods...want to cry, want to hide, want to feel loved and I don't...  Work is overwhelming and so is every other facet of my life...this is venting, this is bad...must stop...  A good dose of Fordham would help, not going to happen...that's part of the problem...a good girly smack back into reality would help, but that's not going to happen either...  OOOO, maybe fuzzzz therapy...should go home and hang with Lu...gonna finish up here and head home...  Later...
0	I love Squigs and everything... but Life sucks. The rest of it really really sucks.
1	Good day... we had PE. Ashley teased me about missing the ball  once  on a toss up. I couldn't help it that the netball was all slippy, my hands were cold and I'd lost my co-ordination completely.  The little freakish boy that smells like rabbits near my locker was trying to talk to me today. I gave him a funny look then blanked him. He seems to enjoy calling people Barry... I reeaallly dislike him.  Katie's getting all excited because Danny 'touched her hand in German'. I'm going to Amy P's house for a sleepover tomorrow night! Woo! It's gonna be "grool" :D Emma's going too so yay!  I haven't a clue what I'm doing on Saturday... it's either going to town with everyone or going to the cinema with everyone. Either way, should be fun. :) Sunday will be boring though as I have sod all to do.  Maisie xx (((hugs for you))) xx
0	2 days left until we are out for summer. im not sure whether the summer is gonna be fun or shitty. i got 3 fuckin tests to take monday, bastasrds. thats all i have to say because aint nothin to bad yet but its closer than good shit happenin.
1	       annekate   &nbsp; is teh rockz0rs.    She drew&nbsp;fanart for  Waltz for the Devil! &nbsp; *squeals*&nbsp; That soo made my day!&nbsp; Thank you ever so much! 
1	 yep&nbsp;I never feel any better.    more like&nbsp;I was reborned. ^^;;    maski medyo hindi maganda ang pasok ng taon para sa akin, atleast kahit papaano medyo... sabihin natin&nbsp;na that I'm&nbsp;on the right track ... I just hope makayanan ko ito.    I just wanna thank you for telling me things that I wasn't able to see. truly you are a true friend&nbsp;... too bad narealized ko lang yun in a hard way.. hayyy .. I think I need to practice my grammar in english again ... pati sa pag ttype eh nabubulol ako .. LOL anyway that's all.. let me qoute something b4 I end this..     "We are all united by fate.. siblings not by blood but with a greater bond.... by choice"     to mah.. you are lucky to have such friends... ^_^ I love you very much    that's all 
1	hooray! finally I'm writing my first post! in tv there is the opening cerimony of Athens 2004! I'm happy, I love Olympic games because I'll be able to see all my favourite sportsmen: Federer in tennis and the basket's italian team! (I loves Pozzecco and Basile, they're so great!) but, in these days I miss of tenipuri! my dvd player is broken so I can't see my teni's dvds! (cries) and in Japan this week it wasn't a new episode, uff... I want Atoboss!   ... excuse me for my bad english... but it isnt my country language... ^^,,,
0	I'm having a sad night.  I have no idea why.  I just looked up at about 8:30 and realized that I was really sad for no reason at all.  I wanted to go to bed then, but I had 10pm practice with my scene partner.  That kind of cheered me up, but once he left I was sad again.  It really makes no sense.  I think I'm just going to go to bed and hope I wake up happier tomorrow morning.
1	 I'll update properly soon, I promise. I'm in a rush at the moment though, so here's something for you, stolen from       myheartwentboom   :     Answer these questions in my comments, then post these questions in&nbsp; your  LJ.  1. How old are you? 2. Who do you live with? 3. What do you do for a living? (If you're a student what do you study?) 4. Are you single? 5. Do you like the boys or like the girls or maybe both? 6. What would you prefer - a good book, or a good movie? 7. What was your least favourite subject in school? 8. Do you remember what your first ever best friends name was? 9. First kiss? 10. What one thing at the moment would make your life a whole lot easier?     
0	And so.... I officially bombed the stats test that I have been studying my ass of for for the last week and a half. Go me  Anyone wanna help me choose a new major? One that I may actually be able to get through, lol  Damn..I even gave up livejournal for a long time to study for this thing...
0	it has been brought to my attention that rumors have been circulating around WA about me. all i have to say at this point is that if you are concerned about me, call  me . don't ask other people about things, it only spreads more rumors and hurts me. here are my numbers: 692-2877 or 771-7483.
1	         You Are 26 Years Old                 26          Under 12: You are a kid at heart. You still have an optimistic life view - and you look at the world with awe.  13-19: You are a teenager at heart. You question authority and are still trying to find your place in this world.  20-29: You are a twentysomething at heart. You feel excited about what's to come... love, work, and new experiences.  30-39: You are a thirtysomething at heart. You've had a taste of success and true love, but you want more!  40+: You are a mature adult. You've been through most of the ups and downs of life already. Now you get to sit back and relax.          What Age Do You Act?   
1	EDIT: sorry, i made an error, i sayed there were looking for her, i meant there were looking for someone, :)
1	I feel unique. Although so far I know two other people who have synesthesia. I wouldn't give it up for the world! It's the most awesome thing ever. And to think I had imagined that everyone associated letters with colors.. *shrugs* :)  Life's good. I drove both of my dad's trucks last night for half an hour. That was way cool. And my homework load is pretty light.. probably because finals are coming up next week.   I haven't been writing lately, but I think I need to take a break. I've been pushing myself to finish chapters, and I end up getting stuck as soon as I quit.  I started an essay this weekend that's due the first day of the second semester.. And I have the first paragraph done, which is usually the hardest part for me.  I'm gonna take a quick look over the boards (I completely forgot to check Rhindon's site! Gah!) and then I'll probably start on the biology outline and another poem for English.  ANSLEY I'LL MISS YOU!!!!!!!!!!! 
1	PayPal buttons will vanish late Friday night (April 2) PST.  That way I can get a good final tally before writing Mary her extras-and-maintenance check.  Handle streamers for the scooter won't work well.  The "handles" have no ends -- it's a circle!  The upper left corner of  this image  shows a closeup.  Some of you still have PayPal payments listed as "unclaimed".  Fear Not.  This is a PayPal  stupidity  limitation.  They will clear April 5 (Monday).  Personal accounts can only "claim" $1000 in a month, and my months apparently start on the 5th.  Sign  the card .  Bring cameras to  the party .  So many people from far away want to join in the fun!  Anyone have crash space for three?   see comment. 
1	Happy new year! =D  My parents allowed me to stay over at bf's til after midnight. Very nice. Went over to his mom for dinner, watched Simpsons (too bad I've seen most of the 6th season already) and just spent time together. He's amazing, no matter what I say when I'm pissed. =D Thx to his neighbours for buying really nice fireworks. See, free entertainment is good entertainment! I don't get people who spend like +60 euros on that... But oh well, good for the ones watching.  I feel kind of 'broke' now after Christmas and drinking coffee in cafés with friends every other day. I'm such a saver, so it's not like I'm out of money, but I have under 200 euros. That's weird to me. =) I should get my student grant soon though, so that's YAY! I need to buy a new facial soap, essential oils (addict!) and perhaps some new earrings. I need some comfortable ones! I always end up taking them off after an hour...  Anyway,          Hmmmmmmm.
1	Today on Discover: when swing dancers get dehydrated!  Drinking my third gatorade of the day (read: last 40 minutes I've been awake).  It ought to make for great stories of nearly bursting later on the road to Lexington.  Now I just have to decide which car to take...  do I take my car or the Z4?
1	     lovin' them northern stars   - i really am.        its just what i needed....         im all smiles.         im glad you two worked things out. makes me happy.        june couldnt come any quicker.        model un is broke.        about that    senior project   ....&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ::sigh::          sometimes   it makes me nervous and   sometimes   it makes me excited.        --who picks fights with people at mcdonals???--&nbsp; anyone? anyone?   
0	Well i just got the bad news that my parents arent gonna let me go anywhere this new years eve. This really sucks..So now, while everybody is out having a good time, im gonna be HERE, with my wonderful family...doing what you may ask? Absolutely NOTHING!!   LiLbAbiEgEhrL : but whY? LiLbAbiEgEhrL : (just curious) LiLRocKiNcHiiK : i dont know..something about being out on New Years Eve..or somthing like that..they are just wierd LiLbAbiEgEhrL : wow. LiLbAbiEgEhrL : gues thats the difference between our parents LiLRocKiNcHiiK : yep LiLbAbiEgEhrL : mine are like pushin me out. lol  Yeah..so..i hope everybody has a GREAT new years..think of me while you are having all your fun.
0	It's been almost five years since I've played this game.  I'm not used to the new controls, and I'm rusty.  Yet I keep having the feeling that I should be better.  It was easy for me once.  Now it's like having to learn it all over again.  So frustrating...  It should be understandable - one would think.  I expect too much perhaps and yet...  I feel stupid.  &gt;_&lt; Games. Bleh!  (At least I got a gold trophy in Mario Kart...)
1	 Reward   The murmuring fades down as they come- the men All in formal array, the women flower-toned, bright- The setting for the jewel, still yet to arrive.  There! The music shifts, swells; heads turn as she appears, Like a goddess afloat, treading in hesitant glory  Towards us as we stare.  Beside me, his intook breath And look of wonder catches in my throat, my heart. I do so little, here, today- Love placed them, long ago On the road to this place; before the light that shines Between them now I am but a humble witness. Words braid with tremulous smiles, bright rings And brighter gazes are exchanged; my hand rests On their clasp for a moment's blessing, and so It is done.  They walk away, hands and souls entwined Into their new world.  I am left standing, still whelmed By the gift of joy beheld, a glow of grace unfading Forever fresh and precious, rarer than any mortal gem. - 04/11/2005
1	 OMG! BEST DAY EVER!!!!!   Veronica Mars has been picked up for a second season!  TODAY IS THE BEST DAY EVER!  (grabbed the link from       wisteria_   )
1	In case any of you dont know,Caroline and I are officially a couple now.:)
1	i missed that..  and i needed that..  i haven't felt that way in a really long time.and i'm glad i had the chance to spend some time with you..  we didn't go somewhere that is out of the ordinary.we didn't eat something special.we didn't do something different.but still it was so much fun.and special too..  yes,you were scary.. i haven't seen you erupt like that.but still you were funny and harmless.. =)  hope you're having fun there.you really need to rest.and eat something other than chocolates.. =)  thank you for always cheering me up.. for always being there..  i guess now we know where to go, what to do, and what to eat when we feel like having fun..
1	I've since realised that I have some very very good close friends that I didn't realise I had before.  Lovely supportive people who don't question me and don't need constant attention but we have wonderful chats when we do get together and I'm glad.  I love my friends! :)
1	Hi hi hi there, Mr. Deltoid.   I've got a ton of these Beatles icons so I'm gonna switch up every once in a while.   I'm about to go to the bookstore and I'm fucking psyched.   I'm so in love with life right now =).   Lizzie - that is fucking AWESOME that you got your new I-Book! I'm so excited for you!   I'm inspired...
0	I know it's old and cliche, but I really need a hug right now.
0	My best friends broke up. I'm...stunned, and confused. Because they were - they were Tom and Adam! They aren't Tom and Adam without the and.  And I'm so sad for both of them. I wish there were a way I could hold them both and just hug them forever. *sighs* Life is so hard sometimes.  I love you both, though. Please don't forget that.    Disclaimer.  
0	For some reason I love going 120mph on the freeway, listening to Creed.  I know, I'm weird.  This is the second time I have done this, coming home from LeAnn's house.  I dunno,  it's just a great feeling,  and during the drive I never think about getting caught.  But when I get home,  I do.    I know it's stupid.  I'm not gonna do it again.  But I figure, I bought a 2001 Mustang for a reason,  and I have to have some fun with it.  Even if it's illegal fun.  Fresh fact #2:  The fastest I've even driven was 155mph (yes it's true) in my ex gf's parents 1995 Infinity Q45.  A big 8cylinder luxury car, and the speedometer went up to 170.  I got it up to 155,  at 1am, coming home from Balboa Island.  Stupid, yes.  I was just a young 20 year old kid, driving a $40,000 car that wasn't mine.........  If that's not "thuggish", I don't know what is.    Heh.
1	I want to form some sort of expression. I want to make some sense out of this. Without calculating the collective, I want to know everything.  Sometimes I don't want to scream and sometimes I don't want to be around here. Sometimes I just want to pilot a giant robot, spending days that only exist in my head.  Instead of excuses I will be looking for reasons, Finding passion in my own instead of convenience.      i cant wait dot dot dot, you get the picture
1	So I got a call at work from Vanessa Friday morning for some really amazing news.  So I skipped my lunch and left work a little early, and Vanessa and I went to Brooklyn for a free They Might Be Giants show!  There were so many people there and everyone was having a great time and they played amazing and made it really fun and I am a very happy person now.  It was great.  I need to buy the new cd sometime.  The next day we went hiking and had a picnic in the woods.  That was also tons of fun.  Then I made her eat pizza because I am an evil person.  Now I'm back home.  It's my dad's birthday.  Woo.   Thank you, Vanessa, for an amazing weekend.  You rock.
0	sori kz d ko naupdate journal ko... per0 I juz dunno why I'm sad... was it becoz wala na kong load? binilhan naman ako ng dAd ko ng 300 s0 di ak0 sad becoz of dat walang nabiling discman? e nagpabili na ung dAd ko ng discman kaya lang ung smuggled lang... from a robber was it because of our website na ayaw pncnn ng class bully namin?e nakausap k0 naman c kyel na magbigay na ng picture, baby picture, profile at c0mment niya e kc cya nlng wala samantalang 2 m0nths na kming naghihintay.. or was it becoz br0kenhearted ako? well... I don't know if I have to tell u dis but broken hearted ak0 kc ung sort of bf k0 my gf na... huhuhu the day after I br0ked up w/ him meron na agad so parang nafeel k0ng were n0t really meant 4 each other... d0n't tell this 2 anyone ha?singhot singhot!
1	Welcome to first_kisses_.  This is a community I've been meaning to set up for a long time and I kept putting it off. No longer. It is now open and ready to get going.  Your Moderators       rainwen   ,       aloneinparadise    and I,       niennasilimaure    are standing by.  ~Nienna.
0	Why is it that words can make us cry?   I want to lay my head on that cold, flat table and cry my eyes out. These silly letters that form words and sentances; thoughts have such a profound effect on me I reflect on the decisions I made in the past that will effect my future.
1	Today is going to start out with a Mystery Date!       erike    has planned a date for us and what we're doing is a mystery to me. It's always a surprise and always something new and always very fun! We started Mystery Dates about 2 years ago when we realized we had stopped "dating" each other and kind of missed the excitement that comes with dating. We wanted them to be a surprise to the other person because we are always planning things together.  And they are so much fun! We alternate months and kind of try to out do each other, or at least keep the same level of date going. We have yet to be disappointed. I can't wait!
1	last night my mom showed me the days for the atlanta braves tickets at disney, i was so excited, i love when they come play cause my grandma gets the season ticket packet and gives us the tickets that she cant use because shes busy or something, i cant wait, its in march, the new york yankees are playing them on a tuesday, im trying to convince my mom to take to me to even tho its at like 1, i have to pay for my own ticket because my grandma only buys one per game, i cant wait to go...
1	yay for ipods getting here. boo for not having a good enough computer to put music on it yet. after this sat i have to put it back till xmas. :(. im bored. leave some comments or something.
1	Hey, huge Ellis fan here! Just wanted to say that I saw her this weekend when she performed at the college conference in Ames,IA and it was awesome! I had the opportunity to have dinner with her twice this weekend! It was so much fun, she is so personable!
1	Truly the party was wonderful. I can't thank all of you enough for coming out, bringing yummy foods, and having a wonderful time with Jon and I. I had a really good time, and it was SO good to see everyone again. I am sorry if I didn't get a chance to sit and chat with someone. I don't relax very well at parties I am throwing. Meh, whatever, I had fun too. That is what really counts.   So THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!  I really, truly have the best friends in the whole world! You are all so wonderful! I am very lucky to know you all, and even luckier to call you my friends.
1	Tommy's all set to see Dr. Cal on August 2!  YEAH!!!    p.s He kind of looks like the kitty in my icon :)  I'M SO FUCKING EXCITED!!  Carly NEEDS pets.  Speaking of which, I miss my pup.  I &lt;3 Abigail and Tommy all ready.  Oh and I'm off to see a doctor in occupational medicine tomorrow.  woohoo.  more woohoo in the fact that that means i get a long lunch :)
0	I can't stand to see you this way...  Breakdown.  I won't let myself, but oh wait, i'm close to being completely numb now.
0	why are american's so damned stupid?  can anyone explain this to me?  so, we have a president who spends 4 years fucking up our country, which everybody knows, then we re-elect him.  this just doesn't make any sense.  say goodbye to finding a job after college....i guess i will never be getting married....hello draft...can you say "War" all of the time...I can't even begin to imagine another 4 years of this shit this day sucks...i'm moving to canada
1	 Tomorrow is my 19th birthday   Yay!!    ps, "Wendy Williams is on fire" on vh1 is my new favorite show, nothin like a drag queen on thr red carpet shoutin shit at people, or well she acts like a drag queen.
1	Eh, I went through and unprotected the debate posts. I am about to own my x-debate coach in an e-mail.   His E-mail: "On the other hand, I understand your commitment to your animals.  My own dogs are like my own children . . .so I truly understand your love and faithfulness to your pets . . .so if you choose your pets over UHFS, I understand."  Yes... my e-mail to him completely centered around how important it was to take care of my mother's dogs... It wasn't about me having already made a commitment like a month in advance and then that idiot changes dates and gives everyone a 4 day notice. I will probably post the e-mail after i write it. It will consist of me calling him a liar, a failure, and a moron. fun, fun.  UT, here i come! I am going to transfer to UT-A next semester and debate some NDT. I have been planing this for quite a while now, and now i finally have the incentive to do so.
1	Every time I see       helpinghand    my heart skips a beat, weather it's an update on her thoughts and dreams or simply a list of who she has added to the community.    There is something peaceful about sitting in a room with the lights off listening to your favorite music.  There is also something peaceful about the beach.
1	Well in the 1st bit of news I'm working next week, starting on nights so you can imagine how fun that will be, but hey I need the money if im going to do all the things i want to this year. Such as going to the leeds festival, going on holiday and randomly meeting up with people.   Went shopping yesterday, bought a skirt and a corsety top thing. Kinda worried that the skirt is similar to hans, but i just shant wear it near her ;). I also got a handbag! Feel all grown up now I have a handbag, now all I have to do is fill it with junk!  In other news frankie might be coming to stay next weekend :D so im happy!
0	I cried today. I just wanted you to know that, since karma is bitting me in the ass and now you won't even talk to me.  Jamie Wohlhueter rarely, rarely cries. You made me cry.
0	yeah man I am serious do NOT buy GTA san andreas... that game is like crack...just about right bang off the start it gets you and drags you in... no it's not the violence, it's not the hookers you can pimp and get some money off of, it's just the sheer liberty of the experience...  you can do much of everything, I actually passed about 3 real time hours just taking pictures for no other reasons than that I had the possibility.  BTW i"m a step closer to 30 ( 29 actually) and man am I ever feeling old, really I feel as if my life kinda slipped away, and that I don't have anything to show for it.  face it peter pan sucks...
0	  What did I do wrong??&nbsp; I wonder.... Maybe I'm just over reacting and jumping to conclusions, but I dunno.... Lastnight was really weird compared to normal. It actually really hurt. I dont even know why I care cuz were not together..... Im just lost... I dunno what he thinks, but I know how I feel and I have alot of feelings for him...... Nobody would understand...  
1	my first live journal entry ^__^ gimme a bit to get used to things, hehe  Thanx Nushi, as it wouldn't be possable without her *glomps*  *huggles*
1	Yeah!  Happy Anniversary to us... Two years and counting, and many more to follow. :)  I don't know if it seems like the wedding was yesterday or we have been married forever (in a good, comforting sort of way) but all that matters is I have my sweetie.  It's a shame we both had to work today, but we have a mini-vacation planned for this weekend.  I can't wait!
1	oh yeah oh yeah! -dances-  I found my manson CD -dances more- I was convinced that my mom had taken it away and..EATEN it! okay, well maybe not eaten it but hey..  oh yeah, my mom said no about the asia thing. my family is like one big blob of oppressiveness. is that a word?
0	Is it just me or is there this game called make Seo feel like shit! cause I got to say all the players are great at it! *kicks the shit out of a fucking dummy*  Stupid stupid boys!!! only reason I bet he wanted to talk to me again was to hurt me! hard to belive this is the same guy who just 4 days agao was claiming how much he loves me-and now its "bite me-leave me alone!-yeah well to bad I'm sorry" last night he was begging me to just fucking talk to him again .....I'm so fucking stupid!!!!!  I need a girlsnight out i need a somthing to bad that would envolveme doing somthing alone and that kinnda the problem here!
0	I'm Manic.  And I think I'm getting sick.  I know I'm loved and included, and for some reason still having feelings of being left out all the time.  Which can bring me instantly and without warning to tears like when I'm depressed, but I'm not.  I'm just the opposite.  Yet I am now feeling hermitish thanks to the isolated feeling.  Like I'm left out, so now I don't even want to go be a part... which makes NO SENSE.    I feel like an outsider looking in on EVERYTHING.  But I can't get up and go inside.  Saturday fell through, no modeling.  Mitchell had rehersal.  But game was good.  Relaxing was good.  Not spending salon prices on my hair was good.  Spent Easter playing WoW.  And later being sick.  Blech.  I wish I knew what was wrong with me sometimes.  I'm just eternally fucked up.
1	Well, The DMV FINALLY set my uncle the title to his car so he can sign it over to me...so on Monday I'll have MY car on the road...yay...no more bugging Ben and my dad for rides.
0	I think I'm doomed to a life of loneliness, and with absolutely no friends at all. That's my fate, isn't it?        Get to know the REAL you by   crash_and_burn        Your Name           You Are A:    Teeny-Bopper      Your Favorite Band/Song    Five Iron Frenzy - Oh Canada      You Like To Read:    Fiction novels      You Firmly Believe In:    Free love      Everyone Thinks You Are:    A respectable person      You Were Conceived:    In a record shop      You Will Marry:    A porn star             Created with    quill18  's   MemeGen 2.0  !     
1	Yesterday a miracle happened. I finally finished paying off a debt to my parents that I have had for about 12 fuckin' years! I am still in awe and in shock about it. But I'm also very very happy. ohmigod. I have made some big sacrifices to pay off this debt and now it has all, literally, paid off.   Zoinks!
1	in case you hadn't seen it yet....   the new Star Wars: Episode III trailer is out   *cries*
1	 Only a couple more episodes and Pacey and Joey will be sneaking around behind Dawson's back on their pubescent escapades! Exciting! 
1	First, let me tell you all about the imagehost I use.  Imageshack  has not failed me with those insane little x's. Yet. The best part is they don't resize the image in any way. So, check them out. I love them a google times more than photobucket. Now to contradict myself, here is Aidan on photobucket. Shut up.    AIDAN HOPS!! AND ROLLS!! Yes, um I said hops. Yes, as in like a bunny. How fitting for easter, eh? It is adorable. I need pics of his new (2nd) haircut. It is really adorable.   And, on to what everyone really loves....  AIDAN!          Wearing my mom's birthday hat::   Him ins his room        
0	well, after a very long wait, I finally got the results for my exams - and once again, it prooves how bad I can judge myself. You remember that first exam that didn't go that well? apparently, the professor didn't feel the same way for I got a 13/20 (an A in american?), the same goes for my third exam. And then my second one, which I thought I did rather well, didn't seem so good, for I only got an 11(/20)(B in American??) (12/20 is "cum fructum", and 10/20 is a pass mark)  oh well, it's not going to be a "glorious year" concerning my results, but if I just get that stupid certificate, that's more than enough ...  Although I must admit I'm a bit disappointed ... That stupid 11 ...
0	&hearts;: Comment &hearts;: Credit       &clubs;Christmas &clubs;Ballet &clubs;Other        Christmas 01  02  03  04  05  06    Ballet 07  08  09    Other 10  11    
1	I was going to stop using this LJ, but then I realized that all of my wonderful friends only know me by this journal.   Things are going well for me at the moment. It is the end of the semester so I have been pretty busy.  Here are some random pictures that make me smile. Feel free to comment.     The most awesome suitemates EVER! &lt;3                more to come soon.
1	I'm fighting with myself about going out to buy the new Sims 2 expansion pack.  I already spend way too much time playing.  I have worked out for the past 2 days in preparation.  I figure as long as I work out every day, I am worthy.  Hubby has chimed in that he's not afraid to take it away if I don't work out every day for the next 2 weeks.  Heh.  So... now I wonder, should I make the run and get it?  Or just give it some time and then go buy it....
1	It's now under two weeks until we close on the house.  I can't wait to get out of here.  Of course, we won't be leaving immediately.  We'll be taking things from here to the house in half-dozen-box increments (or so).  Initially, things like toiletries, towels, small cookware, computer items best not left to movers, like that.  Miss Kimmiepie's parents are going to fly in from Phoenix and stay for a week or so (with us), unpacking, setting up, getting things running smoothly.  They have other friends and family within 50 miles or so, and will spend another week with them.   Time to get back to packing.  We've made lots of progress, and have more to do.  Chow for now.
1	for some reason, i had the odd feeling i hadn't updated this in a while upon checking, i've updated like 8 times since monday new pictars!  Cold Sunny Day   aaaaaaaaaaand   View From the Quabbin Summit 
1	Hey kids, Here is th scoope iam packin p some of my shit and headen to angies place to kick it this week end,WooT! before that I ameatin and then were off! Next week end i have to staya t the burg i have fials monday tuesday adn wednesday, unforantly. I reallyw ish i could go back to chi-town to see tiki and paul but allas my teacher fails so i can not go.  then depending edsnday night/ early thursdya i pack my shit up and come home. I think iam going ot make a pit stop in chicago and then drive to university of michigan state to chill with Viki moller for the week end. hen come back monday and kick it maybe bother my g/f , paul , and brian. after that week i leave to come home sunday to wartburg and kick it here for may term takin 20th century art. wel i better finish packin.  Jessy~
0	Aryll, I like your CD.  In fact, I'd buy one if I hadn't just lost my last few bucks gambling.  Anybody willing to lend a bed?
1	wow cant believe tomorrow's camp cause that means...school's almost out!!! so excited  send me something...or leave voicemails =P  Boy Scouts of America Camp Navarro, CA 95463  now would be a good time to pack =P
1	okay i am starving and need food so i will make this short and sweet:  have a safe, happy, relaxing weekend.  i don't know who all reads this, but i feel confident that you deserve such a thing.  :)
1	We love going outside!  Daddy and Mommy take us for walks and to Charles Park.  Brian loves cars and says 'car' all the time.  Also 'door,' as in 'take me out the door.'  Even when the doorbell rings.  Today he said 'bubbles.'  Naomi is finally putting on weight:  16 lb. 11 1/2 oz. Brian is 22 lb. even.
1	 I'm so excited!&nbsp; I just signed up to participate in the Race for the Cure in Columbus on May 14!&nbsp; I lost my mom to breast cancer a few years ago, and I've always wanted to do the Race for the Cure, but I wasn't in any shape to do it.&nbsp; But this year is different... I'm finally physically capable of doing it, so I'm going for it!&nbsp; Here's my  donation page  if anyone is interested.&nbsp; 
0	today i had school. i was very tired and upset. i only got a few hours of sleep. then i came home and laid in bed for awhile. i gotta work at 5:30. tomorrow im going to canada. eriks getting a tattoo. my mom said i can get another one but his mom said she doesnt know. so maybe ill get one...maybe i wont. i have alot on my mind. i have for the past few days. i hope i have a good time in canada cause ive been fuckin miserable these past few days. i cant get a hold of dicky. i hope we still hang out tomorrow. i only have 3 days of school next week. i have nothing planned all week. balls.
0	Just watched the trailer to the Ella Enchanted movie that they're making. And in my opinion, they're ruining it...All this upbeat music and a bunch of stuff that never happened. Gah. They usually destroy movies if they were once a book.
1	Well volleyball started on wed. and its going pretty good...it's a lot of fun...we have 1 more try-out on monday from 6-8pm. Ahh i'm so sore lol, my body hurts so much...anyways last night i went to see the excorsict: the beginning with fez and fitz...and it was sooo scary, i looked down for half the movie lol...i could have done without seeing it lol...then 2day i came to meg's house and we put together her picture board and it was successful haha. Can't wait for your party girlie! We're about to go to baskin robins and get some ice cream in a few haha of course and 2mrw possibly the gc pool then mall? Hopefully it will nice out =/. Oh and we got our schedules today haha i def stalked down my mailman for an hour...anyway my sched is okay, I hope my teachers are good...i have a bunch of classes with my friends but me and meg only have music and aerobics 2gether hahaha can't wait for that class lol. O well I hope it's all good. Well that's about it for now. xoxoxo.
1	Just passed my driving test, about time. think i might go out tonight to celebrate..... yay :)
0	my grandmother died this morning. I didn't find out until after I got home from school.   I have no words.
1	Well not much has been happening.  I found out I got a scholarship for next year $2500.  Oh yeah!  Went to the tanning booth got burnt.  Bleh.  If you guys are lucky maybe I'll show it to ya'.  Hahaha.  My grandma's cancer is not doing as well as we hoped either.  Apparently it wasnt in stage 2, its in stage 4, out of 4 stages, which is not good.  So now she has to do kemo, and radiation after.  But if kemo doesnt go well, she said she's gonna stop the treatments.  But she's a tough cookie and I have faith in her.    In other news a few of my friends are going to the Adam's Out show, by me shoving info at them.  Yey!  The weekend should be lots of fun!
1	well I had my jam and I'm off.  I'm looking forward to lots of revision, reading and French things.    I shall not post again till I'm back so I hope you all have a nice week.  Don't do anything too crazy when I'm away.  Hope to have a few social gatherings when I return before ultimate exam pressure kicks into gear.    Also looking forward to Naruto discs 5, 6 and 7. XD  Anyway  Farewell my fellow folks  Deve
0	Well, Anthony and I broke up for real this time , we decided we just wanted to be friends right now, cuz we both just want to be single right now, and maybe we can try it again in the future. ya know I thought I'd be able to do it this time without crying, I was wrong. I do still love him, I really do, This was really hard. but, hey it was for the best right? Yeah it was.
1	Seems like I've joined Gabrielle in the STRIDE group. Got my letter today! This is going to make me go insane  with anticipation for the next week, because I haven't heard from Kenyon yet and Smith's papers arrive during my spring break.   Those of you who are STRIDE scholars, or who just know anything about the program, is it alright that I IM you? Not saying I will, but in case you get a strange IM sometime, my screen name is swchick66.  *tries to mask gleeful grin*
0	great so i got a sick  ( as in health wise) and suicidal mom.. my depressions worse.. and i feel like eating a bullet myself.. but im not.. im fucking trying to get my shit together.. but thats kinda hard when you have no life.. so before i have a BF.. aka a bitch fit.. im going to go lay down.. n swallow down my memories of... -him-
1	 MEXiCO!!   leave one...or two...or three...or a few interesting stories  please?  missin' yaz!  &lt;3&lt;3  //first day of the rest of our lives and i miss you already//
1	 Yesterday was the big outrigger race so i was doing something like this for most of the day.................         I had fun but we didn't win anything, even though it rained it was still a good time. 
1	"so i dont really see a need for those bottom braces.. and the thing we really have to do is rotate just that one tooth on top a little bit more... and so i think i'll tighten this one, and then.. no two weeks wont be enough to see a change.. how aboout you come back in a month, and we'll take those bottom braces off.. do a molding of them get you the retainer.. then all you'll have left is a little bit more with those top ones"  okay. Let the record show. April 4, 2005 i get my bottom braces off... this is the LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL PEOPLE.. i know its not everything... but i can not believe it's been two years already. i need these OFF. and ITS HAPPENING! eeeeee.
1	well yesterday i went to skalloween it was totally cool i went with naidin, jessica, rene, and carol (i lov her)  i went in the oit like alot of times but while in there i fell twicw and got picked up by people i dont know, got socked in the stomach, back, mouth, shouler bone, arm and so on and so fourth ahaha it was cool i was skanking with carlos and jessica it was sooo bad ass the bands were cool  basically the night was cool oh yeah bitchez B
1	OmgmyD&Ddicecamein! :D They'resopretty. Maybe I'll actually get to use them soon. Like. When I don't have random stats assigned to me. And actually have some skills, maybe... :-p.  Also,  Bask  in the overacheivementness I do for art.  It was only supposed to be an example of one-point perspective. I got a little carried away XP.  Argh, hiccups are evil -.-
0	well i'm happy i passed the test at work today, really well, but my boy is sick. he's had diareaa and gave back 2 bottles tonight. poor little guy. :(
1	yeah... so..  like.. a week ago i met this chick... noelle..  we've been hanging out.. A LOT.. and its fun..  there is a lot of cuddling... and kissing..  she makes me smile too much.. its kinda scary??  my bed feels kind of empty without her laying here next to me calling me a dork for laughing at stupid stuff..  i like her a lot.. but you cant tell anybody..  shes so pretty... absolutly perfect.. honestly?  shes beautiful....  i could get used to this.  we could totally own the "Tall couple" title.. hands down
0	well....today I took 2 prenancy tests and found out I wasn't pregnant. I don't know why, but I put on 20 pounds and one month and I can't stop throughing up and I'm always feeling sick and depressed. I don't know whats wrong with me. I'm going to see a doctor on December 28th for my pap test but I sware if I'm still feeling like hell I'm deffently going to ask her what the hell is wrong with me because I have no clue!!!! If you have anything to tell me please comment. I don't know if thoes cheap tests are right.
0	This is now a friends-only journal...it's too impersonal now.
0	 i'll keep smiling and invisible tears will still stream down my cheeks..because i know things can and will never be perfect.  
1	So i'm gonna be bad tommorrow. I'm gonna skip class and go and hang out with Steph in New York City. I know I really shouldn't considering what happened on Friday with that professor, but i'm gonna write a note on the paper I have to drop outside her office and say I wasn't feeling well, so I wouldn't be in class. That'll probably make me feel a bit less guilty. But I let myself skip one of each class each semester, and i've never missed one of those classes and I never plan to again. Plus how often is it that I get to hang out with Steph in the city? Not too often. So it's totally worth it. But yay.
1	mmmmm. today will be a dave-filled day. unless mother interferes.  le yawn. oh, heehee. je parle francais. aujourd'hui, je vais aller chez david et nous allons jouer au snake, parce que cela est que nous faisons. je dois partir maintenant parce que j'ai besoin d'une douche, et j'ai beaucoup d'autres choses pour faire. alors, je vais. au revoir.
1	 The sun is out, the camera is ready, the bike is fuelled, my daughter's home from a school trip abroad, and I have Monday off&nbsp;:)    W*rk is a swear word for the next few days! 
1	UPN's Veronica Mars website is showing a clip of the opening scene from next week's episode. Even more exciting is the fact that they're going to be showing the opening scene from the next episode every Wednesday from now until May. This is great for geeks like me who just can't get enough! Hurrahhhh for UPN!   Check it out:  http://www.upn.com/shows/veronica_m ars/disc_mars.shtml     Glad to see Wallace getting in some quality screen time and being the big man on campus for a change. Such a contrast to Veronica's social status, that's for sure. Looks like Duncan and NewVeronica! aren't wasting any time with the PDA's in the hallway. It just makes me want to know more about why Duncan broke up with Veronica in the first place. Looks like the hunt for Polly is on. Better stock up on those crackers...  
1	I haven't updated in a while- things have been really good though... little penny is perfectly healty, christmas was great fun, survivor slam in SA was great & fun, and new years was also both great and fun!  Yo, if you need any fun adjectives, come to me, I've got some great ones.  HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!  hooray hooray!!  ok, so I'm a day late... been sleeping in & working on writing & organizing some stuff.   I'm on vacation from work for the next two days so hit me up. tmrw's my b~day!  I just wrote this haiku:  Arrrr, Excuse me, Captain, Sir, but did you just say, "kill all" or "keelhaul"???  ummm, not much else to say.  so la la la!
0	Sad today. Miss everyone..lonely...restless. I think I'll go and listen to Depeche Mode, lay on my bed and contemplate my navel. Where is Grace when you need her?
1	Reservations were just confirmed--   this is where we'll be staying for most of our honeymoon .   :-)
1	Some guy just called my cell phone looking for a girl named  Cinnamon .  This amuses me to no end.  It's finally spring-like!  I'm excited because I'm wearing my new dress!   
1	What a busy couple of weeks. France was wonderful, had a lovely time at Quinny's folks house. Made us feel most welcome. Brought some lovely stuff back, cheese, meats and wine!  Sold my house and brought our dream semi in Wigston Fields, so hopefully should be moving in the next 6 weeks. So much to do!  Work is crazy more inspections.  But life pretty good all round :-)
1	nick came over last night and spent the night over here. sylvan, him, and I used the hot tub at 2 in the morning... it was heavenly. later that night/morning (3am) we went to Wal-Mart looking for Wal-Martians. We played in the family fun center at 3am... that's special.   so anyways, no plans for today. so call if you want to hang out.  im rocking out to the blood brothers.  peace out.
1	Well, I'm going to be putting this thing away. Probably permanently. Don't get me wrong - it's not that I want to lose touch with any of you, and I hope I don't, but I just don't think I'll have the time for it anymore. I start my training on Tuesday, and I still have to pick up and move everything. Justin and I found a really neat flat near Diagon Alley, something we can afford, and we're moving this weekend.  I guess this is goodbye, though. It was nice getting to know you all, and spending all those years at Hogwarts together. Best of luck, everyone.  Ashton Moon
0	I feel like Helen in Kissing Jessica Stein... with the girlfriend who won't acknowlege me around others... I mean, she does... her cousins know that I'm her girlfriend... but I can't hold her hand... and it's really really bugging me... hurts.
1	happy. i feel happy again. like, excitingly happy. overwhelming....those sensations that i thought wouldn't come again, well to tell the truth, i forgot they exist. since i havent felt them in years now. and that since my breakup, i didnt feel them because i was having crushes. and so i forgot that there are feelings, those churning kind that start in the pit of your stomach and then take over everywhere else..... and now they are back after a vacation of 3 years....only this time, they feel stronger.....and quicker....but in reality its not that its quicker, since they've had 3 years of build up. and it feels good. i feel good. when was the last time i walked down mount royal in the cold, and was smiling, unaware that it was cold, unaware of who was watching me or driving by? its been awhile..... but dont worry! i remind myself constantly to watch where i am walking and not to fall :)   i hope this lasts, i really do.
1	  I am feelin good today, I dont know why?      Well I will write back if I know why....;-)      Later ya all     &nbsp;      &nbsp; 
1	It's a new year and hopefully going to the best year of my life. Ya know why??? BECAUSE I GRADUATE!!!!!! And I didn't even stay up till midnight on New Year's Eve. Grrr...that's ok. I just got back from Tom's house on Friday. We had a good time and I love his family!! His mom is so sweet. I have an unspoken prayer request if you guys would pray for it please! Anyway, time to go. I'm watching Bambi and eating Chinese with Carly and Kevin Rootiepoo.
1	sometimes all this anger builds up in me and the first chance i get i say everything thats on my mind. whether it hurts or not. im just a frank person sorry and right when i think i got my point across i realize it wouldn't make a difference anyways. whats done is done. it sucks but theres not really anything to do. people change, right? im not gonna worry about it. meh.  im excited for eeeeaster thank god i have a four year old cousin because i loooooove easter egg hunts. my family used to have super intense hunts. we would still be finding eggs in july.  i made it to cedar falls! finally. it was great. i really like the lamp post.   well im kinda tired of being here by myself so i think ill take off tonight. yep. sure will. later.
1	Richard Dawkins is coming to speak at St Andrews! How cool is that!!??  And its free to see him! I can't wait!
0	Okay, so I'm praying just about as hard as I can.  I got a call today, and I'm officially being considered for a mid-level developer position at a place called Quilogy.  I figure I've got about a snowball's chance in hell of actually getting the job, but if maybe if the random factors align, I'll manage it.
0	Ive come to these conclusions... And if you are going to say something mean, then do what your momma always said and dont say anything at all...  Who was there for me when I found out I was pregnant at 19? Fred Who was there for me the whole 9 months, when I was on bed rest and had early labor? Fred Who was there for me everytime I was really sick? Fred Who was there when I got skin cancer? Fred Who is always there when I drink too much, giving me crackers and a glass of water? Fred Who was there with me when I found out that I have Fibromyalgia? Fred Who is an awesome father to our son, and makes sure that we have what we need? Fred Who takes care of me, worries about me, and will always be there for me no matter what? Fred  It has become really crystal clear to me, that T doesnt really give a rat's ass about me.  I dont know why I put Fred through all of this to begin with really...  Im really really dumb...
1	i don't know what to say, except that things are going very well.  there is a girl involved.  i dunno what kind of label i can put on this, but i don't really care.  i'm just living in the moment, i don't care too much about tomorrow...just the present.  her name is aislinn...   i'm just relaxed, content, happy...
1	  Aurora      What Disney Princess are you?     brought to you by  Quizilla  
0	I fucking miss LeeLa. And I'm listening to For Martha.  So I'm not too happy right about now.
1	Saw this movie last night...I would highly  highly  recommend that you see it!!!  It is a movie that combines quantum physics and spirituality and really can open your eyes to your life and the changes you can make to it in order to be healthier and happier (like all of us couldn't use a bit more of that, eh?).  Currently, it is due to open this Friday, but only in a few select theatres...but maybe we can get a groundswell going so that they distribute it to more.  (fingers crossed)  It is a real mindbinder and mindopener of a movie...and I think would appeal to both the spiritual minded and the scientific minded.      Anyway, here is the website for it:   http://www.whatthebleep.com/home/   Feel free to pass along this info to anyone you think might be interested.  I am planning on going to see it in the theatre here this weekend, and I  definitely  want a copy on DVD when it comes out.   Still thinking and still exited,  CopperRose
1	It's my birthday! I'm fifteen! Isn't that terribly exciting?!  I thought I'd show you how many exclamation marks people have given me for my birthday thus far (including all the ones on my cards and those James gave me for my army!)!  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!  That's a lot! Hee! Thanks everybody!
0	hai uy....i feel so jaded nasad...the world is so mean.... :( you know when they say "the world is conspiring in your favor"? that's just bull right now...im sorry if im so negative but i swear its a just a phase....i just need to vent....i feel so mad...but i shouldnt be....coz im just mad for all the wrong reasons...there's actually no reason for me to get mad...i just am....i was supposed to read something for our language class tomorrow...i ended up watching kill bill....its so vicious...just like the world :/ uuuunnghh....there i go again....  and in an attempt to comfort me (and it was a fairly good attempt), my fellow caballero quoted:   this too shall pass..........
1	so last night i had my first night training to wait tables at Original Louis. it went pretty well. i didn't spill anything on anyone, give anyone the wrong food or piss anyone off. that's pretty well right?... so sex and the city has become my new favorite show. i watch it on tbs, hbo and on demand. i have spent way too much time on watching it. i love it anyway though.
0	   I salute you Senator Kerry.  That probably was one of the most gracious speeches I have ever watched on television.  I've tried so hard not to cry,and to be strong in the face of the adversity.  Just know that I would've been proud to "Send You"
1	busy busy busy.. but   1- guitar wolf kicked just about every kind of ass you can imagine. especially mine. i've got a hole in my knee, a bruise on my head and my lip ring got knocked out of my mouth!  craziness!  2- happy birthday joya. this makes you what now, 45? ^_~  3- you still need to explain this 'acceptance' thing in your head but, yeah. i love you.   Don't forget the Hootiewich.
1	new layout . tell me what ya think .  gettysburg tomorrow . im with gloria and katey and katie . should be fun               i hope.  i will take pics and i will be back on friday .  later kids :p
0	Iu alia jam tradukis  La Aventuroj de Alico en Mirlando .  Mi ne estas certa, ĉu mi estas feliĉa aŭ trista.  Sur la unu mano (on the one hand), mi povos ŝaki mian propan tradukon.  Sur la alia mano, mia ideo ne plu ŝajnas tiel nova, kaj iom da la ekscito estas lasinta.
1	 Hey! I'm waiting for my pasta salad to be cold... so i thought i'd update.    I'm really  happy  recently. most of you know why. And another contributor to my happiness is that i'm getting another chinchilla, Kenya. She is so beautiful. I'm getting her tomorrow :)     Thursday i have to do laundry, and then Mikey's coming up (hopefully) til friday.    Saturday I have to volunteer from 4-8 but i'm getting out early to go to canada with heather (my roommie), her friend cassandra, shelly, leslie, brandon, chris, tracy, and maybe CHARB! OH my gosh i'm so excited, especially if charb comes! :) I miss her. So, i gotta get get the pasta salad out of the freezer before it turns to icsicles! LATER 
1	I love this! Great way to keep up with your travels.      Visited states:      create your own visited states map   or  check out these Google Hacks.   And visited countries:      create your own visited countries map   or  check out these Google Hacks. 
1	well today was a good day.  school was pretty good!  haha.  then after schoolio, i went to SAM's!  tomorrow, her and i will be going out for 2 months. WOAH! can you say, longest relationship ive ever been in? haha.   i love you. 
1	 Mark! Emma! Emmo! Lewis!   Simon may be coming on sunday!  I would like you all to meet him! Esp you buns! =P This may all come to nothing but we'll see! Keep sunday night free folks!!!!
1	I'm selling a super hot Betsey Johnson dress on ebay! click click!     
1	well Im off to work now.  I cant remeber if I said that I got a job at Finish line.  but anyways I have to go.     Dane
1	 I got Final Fantasy X-2 in the mail today. I've already logged a couple of hours into it.   First impressions:  -The graphics are incredible, surprisingly to me, even better than Final Fantasy X. Even the in-game faces are animated well. -The game is so fast-paced that i'm having trouble keeping up with it so far. -Jumping and climbing makes for confusing dungeons. -Rikku and Yuna's personalities are better devloped, epsecially Yuna. Yuna seems so different, but if you had the fate of the world on your shoulders, and then you saved the world, you'd be different, too. Yuna's voice actor has improved, and the character is much more likable.  -The *spehere thing is a bit confusing so far, but the new sytems in each game always confuse me in the beginning. -I'm liking it very much so far.  More later, i'm sure, if i can tear myself away from it. :)  
1	Yay!! PoT 121 came out today!! ^__^  Now all I need is an episode of Kyou Kara Maou and FMA and I'll be set!! ^__^
0	As of today, it's been fourteen years.    It seems strange to me when I stop to think about it.  That it's been such a long time I mean.  I suppose that's why Aunt Naomi acted the way she did over the phone.  It's hard for me to remember that this time of year is just as hard for her, if not harder.  But this is the first year I haven't gone to visit their graves with her.  Instead I went to a temple by myself.  The one Uesugi-kun's father runs actually.  I thought - -  I don't know what I thought.  I thought I was better prepared than I feel right now.  Maybe it's just Kodoma-san stirring up old memories.    I'm glad (and lucky) I've got the studio as a retreat.  It's the only form of therapy that's ever done me any good.  I hate myself when I get this way.  But it gets better there.  So that's all right then.
1	well anyway.... ok uber day with the girlfriend.  got to attempt to bike again. Fixed my flat road for about 10 minutes and got another one.... I was omfg "teh sux"  so I went to see Kill Bill.... wow this movie was a fucking bloodbath and I loved it. I wish I could of brought Anto but it didnt happen. I got out of the movie and everyone in the grove was going nuts... drunk... rage.. " wee the marlins won" im like " I dont care... meh"   well anyway that was my exciting weekend so far... we shall see how the rest of it goes....  I miss her... well back to the computer.
1	Astronomy= A      *Lab= A  Oral Interp= F  English= ?  Contemporary Math= ?  I just got my Astronomy grade and I'm so happy I almost cried.  That A pulls my GPA back up into passing range provided the other two are passing grades as well.  I have no fears about English being passing, but Contemporary Math might be a low C or it could possibly be a high D.  D is passing enough, but not helpful to the GPA situation.  I'm just in utter shock, amazement, and happiness that I have an A in that class.  I though my quiz grades would drop my score and I only got a 44 on the last test, but my overall grade was an 86.  A full ten points higher than the class average.  And then he rounded that up to an A!!!  I've been so blessed on the whole grade situation because this is not the first time that I deserved a lower grade than I got.
1	Hey all! Just wanted to let you know...there is a new community here on LJ....      lost_radio    !  JOIN for newest news on the DJ KAIDY show...look for updates on the site (www.lost-radio.com), news about upcoming interviews, contests, and LOST stuff!  I am new at the community thing, so be patient with me....I am a DJ, not a programmer! *wink*
1	SUNDAY APRIL 17TH 2005  City/Venue: Boston, MA @ Northeastern Univ/Curry Student Center  Ticket Price: $???  Time: Doors @ 2pm Show @ 2:30pm  Other Bands: Smoke Or Fire and Lock and Key  Other Info:  Street Address: Huntington Avenue
1	I can't have posted for a long time here. Sometime just comments or maybe something. I was haveing PARTY at my apartment for me and a special ladieeee! Well we got to sexing and we bumped on the computer and then it doesn't work much anymore so now I have to use computer at the library for free. In fact I like much to come to the library now because it is summer and the pretty ladies are here. I try to be friendly to a lady here but somehow it does not always work out to my apartment. I need to meet a PARTY LADIEEEEE! Where are you? Long hair please! Like mine!!!!! ROCK AND ROLLL MY FRIENDS!!!!!
1	today was fun... kelsey came and picked me up at like 9:45 then we went to the rink to watch Rachel! she got first!! yayyyyyy rachel!!!! after that me and kelsey and rachel and their moms went out to eat then we went and picked up andy and went back to kelseys house.. haha at andys me and rachel snuck inside and hid in the closet.. hah we were trying to spy on them but it didnt work very well lol so then we went back to Kelseys and while she was getting ready me and rachel went to Angelos and got a Jones then went back to Kelseys house and then we went to the rink again to watch Kelsey skate!! she got second yayyyyyyyyy kelsey!!!! haha now i am at my house waiting to eat and then i have to take a shower and put spongey curlers in my hair so i dont have to wake up extremely early tomorrow and then me and my mom might go to the team bonding cosmic bowling for the high school team buttt i dont know..   whoo hoo i compete tomorrowwwww.. haha im scaredddd    
1	Killradio are gonna be in Europe in june apparently. I am mega excited :D
1	I only now have noticed that yesterday was my livejournal anniversary of sorts. Over the course of this year I've grown inordinately fond of it, and excessively attached as well. It's akin to obtaining a cell phone. After some time one can't imagine how one conducted one's life before...surreal really. I am very grateful for the incredible people I've come to know through this vehicle. Insight, knowledge, wisdom, supportiveness, encouragement, challenge, laughter, and a hefty serving of entertainment value have all been discovered and appreciated here on LJ this year. Namaste, darlings!     "Now blow the candles out my dear  and make your wish come true.  A very merry unbirthday...  to you!"
1	i have nothing to say except....MY SISTER IS HOME!!!!!! She was in ITALY for 2WEEKS!!! Its a good thing and a bad thing...i have to share the computer know....sleep in my uncomfortable bed...get in fights....good things...shes just home and i missed the fighting......and as soon as she came home she ran to...come on guess..it wasnt me..JIMMY!!! i got a little hug he was smothered...and know there both in my living room talking to my paretns....shes to into seeing jimmy to notice me yet....anyways i still love her...
1	       You scored as  Gir . WOO! Youre the idiot dog brained side kick, GIR! You love just existing and doing fun stuff!       Gir             100%       Zim             83%       Ms. Bitters             67%       Gaz             67%       The Allmighty Tallest             67%       Professor Membrane             50%       Dib             17%        Which Invader Zim Charecter are You?   created with  QuizFarm.com   
0	Last night I dreamed about [redacted]. As I dreamed, there was this undercurrent within my mind of being in love (crock that it is) with her. I also knew within my dream that this was after I had told her this, quite a bit afterwards was the sense I got, probably present day. But I kept trying to push the issue into the conversation, and she was either oblivious (Threeeeeeeeeeew yewwwwwwww the obvious....) or resisting (and you fleeeeeeeeeewwww with it on your back...) We were preparing to drive down to the March 19 protest in Fayetteville. While we were waiting to leave, I started to close my eyes and fly around, hovering a few feet above the ground while singing Lateralus.  This just doesn't make sense. Flying is supposed to symbolize freedom and such. I feel as trapped as ever.   Damn you, subconcious.
0	hello, loves.  here's the deal: i might not be returning to school this semester for two reasons.  1. my grades weren't spectacular, and 2. (the so-called main reason) my parents think i'm unstable (i'm bipolar).  so... i need help.  i need pros and cons of going back to school... and pros and cons of taking a semester off.  really... just anything you'd want to say that could help would be great.  *mwah*  thank you!
0	well i am so mother fucking board...i havent talked to anyone all day i havent seen my friends in 3 days and its killing me i am so board and to make things worse i am also sober as fuck, there is so much alcohol in my house, and yet i have no desire to drink i wanna smoke so bad i need to smoke soon argh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
1	I have a blog.   Here , to be exact.  I don't really have that much interesting stuff to say.  So why do I have a LiveJournal?  Well, Stefanie       outofhunk    was nice enough to give me a code, and after much convincing (she's one of those people who are hard to say no to), I'm here.  So what will I use this for?  I'm thinking I'll stay with my blog on my home page for most of the stuff in my life but post my TSS thoughts here (since I haven't been updating  The Sledgehammer  lately and most of the TSS community blogs on here).  So stay tuned for my thoughts and stuff.  Oh, and if you want to leave comments, go ahead!  They don't need to be on topic. :-)
1	...Taz on the lap purring like crazy and the Steelers beating up on the Bills.  2005 is good so far. :)
0	I just learned that Jerry Orbach died of prostate cancer at the age of 69. :( My thoughts and prayers go to him and those who loved him.     Well, this now seems so unimportant, but since I already wrote it offline I might as well post it.  Lucky for me, there was Caleb/Rafe interaction today on  Port Charles .  I always love those scenes.  Michael Easton and Brian Gaskill play so well off each other, and on a superficial note, staring at the two of them isn't such a drag, either. ;)  I saw  First Wives Club  for the first time last night (or really, between two and four am this morning).  It was wonderful!  Made me a little scared about marriage (though I wasn't exactly sold on ever getting married before, anyway), but it was still a really good movie.  Of course, seeing Sarah Jessica Parker, Elizabeth Berkley, Stephen Collins, Bronson Pinchot, and, especially, Victor Garber was also a trip.
0	2001 Honda Civic EX    4 door sedan, automatic transmission, 4-wheel ABS.  1668 cc, 1.7 liter, 4-cylinder engine.  Silver with black interior.  Bucket seats with height adjustment (very important for wee short people).  Power windows, power locks (remote power locks, no less), electric sunroof.  Cruise control, air conditioning, radio/CD player with anti-theft protection.  Pretty decent ride, I must say.  We’ll see how it does on Monday when I get the thing out onto the highway.
0	I'm sad to hear of the passing of Hunter S. Thomson.   It's some small comfort to think that he probably died the way he wanted to.  R.I.P.
0	today was the monsterbash. it was really boring, i have nothing else to do, so i am writing in my journal. my cell is being really annoying, it is really weird.  my dad has not paid the bill, so i cant call anyone or anything. i am really upset. but anways, the monsterbash was really annying, not to many kids dressed up though, and the girls who did dress up dressed like total sluts.  one of my friends did... but she said she was something else, even though she looked like a total hooker. i still have nothing to do, i havent been invited to any parties, and that really depresses me.  i am going to watch the movie saved later.. i hope it is good.  i will post some pics of the bash later, but since my dada hasnt paid the bills, it probely wont be till tommrow.  so sad... i need something to do for halloween, like a party or something to go to... any one want to invite me?
1	It's month-end. I always update my Book Club pages on my website and do draws for a faerie doll and a book. And this month an LJer won the faerie prize! Yay, Nikki!! (Of course, Nikki would have to live in *England*.)     
0	I was told quite matter-of-factly today that I wouldn't be single for much longer. I'll take that bet.  Finals are over, only one more year to go. Celebration at  Houston's . I can't believe the sheer number of ljer's I've taken there...  P.S.  RIP Tank
0	God is a concept, By which we measure Our pain. I'll say it again. God is a concept, By which we measure Our pain.  I don't believe in magic I don't believe in I-Ching I don't believe in Bible I don't believe in Tarot I don't believe in Hitler I don't believe in Jesus I don't believe in Kennedy I don't believe in Buddha I don't believe in Mantra I don't believe in Gita I don't believe in Yoga I don't believe in Kings I don't believe in Elvis I don't believe in Zimmerman I don't believe in Beatles I just believe in me Yoko and me And that's reality.  The dream is over, What can I say? The dream is over Yesterday I was the dreamweaver, But now I'm reborn. I was the walrus, But now I'm John. And so dear friends, You just have to carry on The dream is over.  RIP: John Lennon 10/9/40-12/8/80
1	I'm working at mohawk or norm says "Trying out"  Now this means that I can't be unbias on here since i'm working their. Now their is a new rule.  No Perdin Bashing. If I get bashed I will edit your post and so fourth. Also I am now a dictator of this community.  HAIL PERDIN!  actually the only news is that i'm working at mohawk.  12:00pm - 8:00pm (Saturday/Sunday)  Kick ass awesomeness.
1	WOW!!! Steve Ruebel (one of the guys I really look up to in my industry)... put in a great plug for my SEO Blog and an entry I did on using Blogs for PR and Rumor Squashing!  *does a little dance*  That made my mornign!
1	               And       coupdtaco    is on the air!  Check it out!     http://grace.fast-serv.com:8942/listen.p ls                        
0	Mila's lab work came back positive for feline infectious peritonitis, which is both fatal and untreatable. Mom had to have him put down.  Lovely thing to come back from class to hear.
0	Last night I hit a big emotional low that lasted till... well, still going on, but not as bad. I'm so tired of everything.   But yeah... good things in life. Got to see Bobby on Saturday night.Talked to Liz for a really long time today. Watched a movie with Petrea. Umm... we're been having beautiful weather. And I'm sorry but that all the good I can think of right now. Oh yeah, Jesus loves me. And my car still works.   Tomorrow I'm hopefully meeting with my advisor to talk about quitting school.  I hate giving up but I'm just too tired.
1	I work next to a porn store, I've driven an hour without seeing a street light, and I've handed out enough business cards to choke some small woodland creatures.  This is gonna be the best career EVER!
1	I furgot ta mention..look what's coming out on dvd in about 4 months or so:     I'm gittin' that, & then the next month the new Harry Potter book comes out. XD
0	Torn from so many things... My mind constantly wanders. What new thing have I learned today? What new way have I laughed at myself?  Full of dreams and ideals, but never living up to par. Ideas, hopes and wishes, that never seem to last. Reality rears it's ugly head, and these things fade into my past.  Trying so hard to be optimistic, but being bludgeoned daily by pessimism.  No one wins, everyone looses. Dreams never come true. Happiness is fleeting.  The dreams that keep me living also break my heart. As my hope begins to fade, I wish my life would follow.  Nothing cheerful here, except the beating of a disillusioned heart.
0	I work with Luke, a man with Down Syndrome. Today when Karen (another worker) got to his house to get him up, his dog was dead in the bed beside him.  This makes me so sad, Luke adored that dog. And I don't know how much about the dog's death he will understand. I'm taking him out to a movie or something tomorrow and they're having a ceremony and burial tonight.
1	Ever sense the big server crash it seems that livejournal pages load a lot slower. Gay.  Last night I downloaded "Something To Write Home About". I am very pleased with it.  I am now a free man. I may as well sing the Messenger Bird's Song.  I was with Ashley all day. We went to Farmer Jack's. I saw Isaac and Neil there.   They were quite loud and obscene.  Next time they get the beat down.  Spinal Tap.
1	I have accomplished SFA today, and I don't really see that changing.  I am having entirely too much fun on LiveJournal to do work things.  My FriendBots are cracking me up.  * * *  Tommy is replacing the radiator on The Accordion today.  I cannot express with mere words the happiness that brings me.  I am beyond tired of driving Puff the Magic Accordion, which emits little (or big, depending on how hot it is) puffs of steam at regular intervals.  I am overjoyed at the thought of being able to use the air conditioner without the car bursting into flame.  Yay for new radiators.  * * *  How is it not yet time for my lunch?  I am suffering a cheeseburger deficiency, and that is a very serious condition which requires immediate attention.
1	    While Charlie and I are away in the States, the Wards on my House will allow you in, but no one else.  Feel free to use the House as a getaway.    And Draco?  I told Stormcloud about your past encounters with hippogriffs, and he said, and I quote, "We'll just have to work that out before the wedding."  I think they are planning to attend as my honor guard!  Oh, and Mum, thank you so much for offering to take care of the girls.  There's plenty of fish and cat food on hand.  And please, make yourself at home!  We're leaving Friday morning, and will be back on the Friday two weeks after.  I'm really excited - I haven't flown in ages.  Love you all . . .  
0	Well it has happened, W has won, and with this win so goes all my hope and faith in humanity. I no longer have any faith in Democracy. Some part of me just kept hoping that maybe just maybe Kerry would pull it off and save the american people from Republican rule lead by one of the stupiedst people I have ever had the displeasure of hearing speak, but it seems that the american people don't want to be saved. Hey Void can I move in with you? Is Russia better than this? *sigh* I wont even hope that it is... Humans deserve this hell they have created, I just don't know why the other animals and me have to live here too.
1	I signed papers are my new job a bit ago.  I realized I had made an error.  If I factor in bonuses, I'll be making signifactly more (like, say up to 15K more) than I was at Earthlink.  OHH YEAHHHHH!!!  Bring on the crazy money!!!
1	our church service was really good last night. i fell asleep during this one song, and then i felt really bad. but it was really good other than that. hah. it was all about how easter brings hope.   after church my parents went out with people and so i went to go get some burger king and i ordered the angus bacon cheddar ranch burger, but after i got home and had eaten all of my fries, i started on the burger, and they forgot the effing cheddar and bacon. it was just like this really plain burger and i was super pissed, because if i  didn't  want bacon or cheddar, it would have been like a dollar less. it was a ripoff that tasted bad. gah.  so today is easter. my mom and i dyed eggs yesterday, and we were going to eat one for breakfast, and we couldn't decide which ones to eat. my mom was like pick an ugly one! i was like i can't, we made them all pretty. it was sad.  have a happy easter everyone.
0	  And if it was just how you wanted, you'd be glued to his bones and his brainstem. And changing your image and attitudes won't bring you back into your bedroom. Amputating as he's waiting, he's unresponsive 'cause you're irresponsible. Little swinger, your bottle is thinking too much, 'cause you're aiming to please way off target. And I'll tell you what you must already know of amputating that too slow.  
0	Friends should take an interest in the lives of people they "care" about... Friends should not lie to each other... Friends should not be amused at the insult of the other...   Just when things really started to start to turn around... The pivot point just disappears....
0	I'm putting together a collage for Laura before she leaves.  It's making me so sad.  All the great memories...  The four of us- me, Laura, Samantha, and Ashley are having lunch on Thursday and it's going to be so sad.
0	What could it have been? I know not. Only that the brick wall stands forever tall, blocking the way to something great.
1	 SOMEONE NEEDS TO WRITE AQUA TEEN HUNGER FORCE SLASH! COMEDY GOLD PEOPLE! COMEDY GOLD!   I've been told I'm on the rag or I've just gotten of the rag. That means I'm a woman with an engorged clitoris. Anyway I've been in a great mood the past few days, and the last thing you want to do when I'm in a good mood is to pick a fight. I will egg you for my own shits and giggles.   ENGORGED!  I'M BORED!   Whoa. GoonCon is in New Orleans this year. I've been meaning to visit New Orleans...
1	Hi Everyone!!  I just found out that I've been accepted to SSU as an exchange student from University of RI today.  I am so wicked excited, omg!!!  So yea I just wanted to say hi and I'm really looking forward to going next semester.
1	Going to Granny Linda's this morning.  Papa and Auntie Eleanor are going to be there and they haven't seen me for ages!!  Tried out mummy and daddy's bed last night (at 4.30am!) it was great there was loads of room.
1	10 MORE DAYS TIL CHINA...ITLL BE SO FUN!!!! YEAH..........
1	And so I come laden with a few weeks work...  Examples:   &   &       They were walking in the woods one day...          And  who  told Matthew Lewis he could get this hot?      Rupert- a necessity...        Weasley twin-ness from some v. cool pics:      Gryffindor Pride (Ode to a scarf):    Younger! Sirius Black (Old pics of Oldman from  here )     Hotness!!!  To check out all of my icons: [ Click Here ]   Please DON'T HOTLINK! Credit is always appreciated but I wont hunt you down and beat you with a wet cod if you don't. Don't claim them as your own or I will hunt you down and beat you with a wet cod. Please note, I am a comment junkie. Feed my addiction. It makes me happy. =)  -Lizi xxx
0	Back at Nova.  June can't come soon enough. IF I could drop out i would.  Kath- you made me so sad. I love you and I'm sorry if I hurt you at all.   
0	I know it's my fault. I'm not attempting to force any of the blame on him. I guess I just assumed that because he was the self-admitted type that always tried to work things out, that it'd be the case with me. I thought maybe he could withstand my weak attempt to push him. The ironic thing is that that I barely did this with him. I always felt ways to push him away surging through my head, but I stopped them. But as soon as I raised a somewhat legitimate question, he became curt. Now he won't talk to me.   Oh well, what can I do? The best thing is to not worry about it. Easier said than done, of course.
1	Wilson Jermaine Heredia and Jesse L. Martin on location in NYC filming  RENT . Location filming resumes in San Francisco next week.    I'll Cover You 
1	omgosh i wrote aaron a really dorky note saying that i like him and wandering if he liked me and he said he did and he gave me his # yeah buddy any ways everythings been great nothing much going on um just been really bored yep ahh we came up with this thing me and heather dooshbager its great  hmm  well love all of you guys candace
0	accurate summary from the  International Herald Tribune   may the weather fairy dump feet of snow to cover this mess!
0	Last night as she tried to go to sleep..She thought about her life in five years..She thought about the points through her life to get her to those five years..About graduation day and moving away for collage..She thought about leaving her best friend her only one ture friend..About leaving her famliy.(whitch made her very happy) But then she thought about her arms..If she kept her life stye up..What was going to happen to the new life that she could make..What are people going to say, going to ask..She thought about how she wishes that it NEVER started..How she wishes that she listened to her mother her friend and her boyfriend..But she was never going to think about the future again.."She wasnt going to kill her self of the stupid shit that might happen in the future before she has even had a past"..Or so she thought..But she was wrong..She can start thing about the future..She can start   NOW ..I can start   NOW 
0	British actor Daniel Craig picked as new James Bond  Wed Apr 6, 7:49 AM ET  LONDON (AFP) - The producers of the hugely successful James Bond film franchise have chosen British actor Daniel Craig to take over the role of the suave super-spy, a report said....    http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=s tory&u=/afp/afplifestylefilmbritainbondpeople  
1	The past couple of days have been a whirlwind. So much has happened and I am not sure if I really know what I'm doing anymore. Between the job, family, apartment and love intrest it gets kinda fuzzy.  It always seems to happen this way....You finally get comfortable being single, you figure out what you want and then something comes along and throws you off balance. That it did. I started hanging out with someone and it has been awesome!! Definatley not what I thought it would be. I have a lot of fun around him and we have a lot more in common then I thought. I like him a lot, even though some people might not think its the best idea or agree with it...I do. It's not serious, he isn't ready for that and niether am I, so theres no pressure to be. It definatley caught me by suprise.   We'll see what happens. =)  I had a blast a copeland and the buddah, I love hanging out with Hoov and Ashley. =)
1	so, here's my next 24 hours of school starting at 8:20 tonight.  today    8:20 PM  - disease exam tomorrow 8:30 AM  - physiology exam make-up (up to 86 points) tomorrow 10:30 AM - metabolism quiz tomorrow 8:20 PM  - genetics exam  that's a tight bundle of points in 24 hours, but it's better than destroying an entire week to study. this way it's all out of the way at once.  as you can see, my physiology professor was kind enough to offer a make-up exam in place of the one on monday. the 86 points possible are from my current average, which is good enough. along with the lab work, my garde should still come out to an A or a B+.  phew. now to eat and start learning things about stuff.
0	This afternoon I looked up from my computer and glanced outside to see the sunset (ooooo!).  I saw my dad working in the flower bed and the only thing I could think of was hurrying up and finishing what I was working on so I could go out and help him and keep him company.  I finished up and walked outside.  I asked him if he needs some help and he said nah, but asked me to get a shovel for him.  I brought it to him and came back inside.  All Ive wanted to do today was go out and help him, but feel bad because he doesnt need any and I cant keep him company.  Recent Musical Additions:  Core - The Hustle is On Sun Ra - Space is the Place Spirit Caravan - Jug Fulla Sun Acid Mothers Temple - New Geocentric World Of... Acid Mothers Temple - Electric Heavy Land
1	     today my passport arrived, so in two weeks I can depart for mexico. &nbsp;humans look so silly with their sombreros. &nbsp;maybe I'll try one on and get a picture.
1	in case anyone needs to reach me by owl I am at my aunt's in machester. dredfully close to the stadium- been in three fights already. home sweet home now.  she's nice. artist. alright with school and all that. she's been trying to break me of the lighter though. Best of luck to her- she'll need it
1	i just started pulling tracks for my set at  COMA2  and i just got wicked excited to spin hard noise/electronics again!  dj producer, hellfish, Keiw (i totally hope the copy of audiotherapy i ordered comes in time), new combichrist, terrorfakt rxm prospero, new xotox, the speedfreak, electroz, the iszoyannimator, and other shit i haven't pulled yet
0	i'd give anything to be happy again. just for a couple of days with someone. but nope, life has gotta suck.  Oh, I've been called manic depressive on 3 seperate occassions, so it's official. yay. &gt;_
1	YES THEY ROCK! IT THE TOP OF THE 7TH AND ITS 6-1 WAHOOO THEY R SO GONNA WIN!
0	Why exactly was Ruth put on the Earth?! And how on Earth did she turn out so bad? She's a nasty, spoilt, ignorant child who enjoys belittling everyone she meets, especially me, because I try stand up against her. Everyone else is being completely two-faced to her...they know how nasty she is, but still are nice to her...I'd rather not speak to her, rather than get into any childish, irritating arguments about Star Wars, and that makes me the horrible one to everyone else. It's making me utterly miserable, and I never get miserable.  There's NOTHING nice about her at all...I've never met anybody like her, and I hope I never will again.  There are actually no words that can illustrate how dreadful a person she is.  And I've signed a frigging contract to live with her next year, Lord knows why, although I'd have nowhere else to live...though I'd rather be back in halls.  Rah
0	It seems every time I talk to my mother now I hear the words, "I can't STAND talking to you lately."  Sweet, isn't it?  I'm reminded how much I long to be financially stable without help from my parents.  Sometimes I feel like yelling, "Why do you think your children hardly come back to visit even though they live in the same town?  Why do you think they hardly talk to you anymore?"  But I don't.  I envy those who know unconditional love.  Me...it's taken me about 22 years to realize I'll never be good enough for them.  Sometimes it still hurts, like now, but eventually I get over it.  Eventually I realize I'm almost done relying on their patronship.  How depressing is that?  Just as they see us, my sibling and I, as obligations, we see them as patrons.  Sometimes it just sucks to feel like you're standing alone...
0	Merry Christmas to everyone.  I went to my unlce's house for Christmas eve.  I spent time with my grandmother, unlces, aunts, and my little couions.  I have 3 glass of wine I was tasps.  My unlces was laughing at me because I was laughing for no reason.  I have fun, but my christmas could be better.  I came home at 2pm today.  Michelle went to her friend's house and my mom was in bed all day today.  I hope my New Years would be fun.  My families is just mess up.  They are so crazy. Sometime I wish I have a new families.  Sometime I felt I have no  families at all.  I hope everyone have Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
0	I feel like my insides are going to turn into a wormhole and devour everything that surrounds them.   The worst thing about depression is that you're completely destroyed over everything and nothing all at the same time.
1	               http://www.psycho-candy.com/             http://www.beinart.com.au/page/page/8285 15.htm             http://www003.upp.so-net.ne.jp/juri/ill/i llust-comic.htm         http://www.31rsm.ne.jp/~tenkuan/                    http://marichan.com                 http://kira.main.jp/         http://www.geocities.jp/y2bh12/aaaa4.htm l          http://www.chax.net/          http://www.eonet.ne.jp/~cube/on.html       http://www.nekokomania.com/index2.html   &nbsp;----   http://www.kawachi.zaq.ne.jp/tamagokakeg ohan/index2.html   http://www.kao-ani.com/you/games.php   ---                     end of me random art post. ^_^!       
1	  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yay for fun in the sun! 8o)       &nbsp;     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;   Going to play some catch! WOO HOO!!   
1	    NY Giants come to terms with WR Plaxico Burress who signs six-year deal for $25 million        Just one week after abruptly breaking off contract negotiations with Plaxico Burress, the New York Giants on Thursday evening signed the free agent wide receiver to a six-year, $25 million contract, ESPN.com has learned. 
1	Desiree and I made a decision to leave school early today - we had only taught 2 classes, were finished by 11.30 so were INCREDIBLY bored by 3pm. I'm so glad we did... knock on my door at 4.05pm, received a dvd from home so I'm now off to watch Amazing Race, Desperate Housewives and Survivor. Think I might even break my 'no chocolate during the week' rule and make this night even better!
1	Yo' yo'. Last night was Sandi and my one year anniversary. We ate at China Jade, got our piercings, and wanted to catch a movie, but ended up not, due to time. She got a 6g in her conche, and I got my bridge done. They both came out really well I think. But I'm off for now, to go to school, so later sucka mc.
1	So, yesterday was awful. I would say mostly self inflicted. There was some emotional relief. Still, let's not dwell.  Today was great.  I woke up feeling sick. I cried because of it. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid.  My parents took me to Walgreens, Columbia Cafe, Stein Mart, Robots at Artspace, and Yero Yero. I love them so much. They have gotten me to focus on the future and not the past. I am now still spitting up, but I feel good, so we're getting somewhere. I did eat today. I enjoyed a delicious gyro and some fruit and a taste of dessert at Columbia. Yummy!  I may or may not stop by Rum(mage) and Reggae. We'll see.  I do know that I am going to read these Joyce books, finally! Yey!  See ya when I see ya! Have fun tonight!  --Lauren
0	i fnally have a weekend to myself and then Friday at work i sprained my finger so half of my left hand is swollen to double the size, completely blue and purple and now i am typing this message with one hand.  It hurts a lot and simple things like tying my shoelaces and putting my hair in a ponytail are huge obstacles.  And of course, Nadene is away this weekend so i have to do it all myself.  And the radiator leaked so our livingroom is a puddle, as well as a minor leak in my bedroom.  And (finally) our new fridge came so i had to transfer all that crap over.  And Nadene left the house a mess so i have to do all the dishes (one-handed).  And if that isn't enough, i am sick.  Good luck getting any work done.  But on a lighter note - my fountain started working again - thepump broke but i guess it just needed two months of rest cause Nov 1 it started working again. Yayyyy!  Well i'm gonna go now - maybe watch a movie.
0	...Tonight I made a brave decision, and a new chapter of my life will begin. It has been a long time since I have felt great relief and sadness all at once.  This is one of those times.
0	I feel so worthless..I wish I were dead I have my life,my school,my parents, some friend,my boyfriend,myself..I cut my arm to see if I could feel pain I did feel anything...Every day I wake up and plaster on a fake smile the one that makes everyone think im ok...Fake laughs,fake smiles,fake happiness, fake friends, nothing is real in this world.We were all ment to be slaves of the goverment.A friend once told me dont steal the goverment dosent like competision you know what SCREW the goverment Screw the system...Screw you all..We all deserve to die,dont have false hope,Heavens a lie it makes you wonder when you die where do you go ?
1	  Happy Valentines Day!!!!!Hope everyone one had a good one.I did and something else happened to i finally got my braces off no more yayyayayayyaya      &lt;3  
1	Turkey day is finally over, and I had lots and lots of fun. My cousin and her fiance came down for dinner. It was great. And many other people visited too. Right now I'm at Claire's house. O.o Haven't been here in a while, lol. She fed me food. Yay! I love food. Food is great. I want to bomb Van-Go. They suck. I was waiting for the bus and it passes right by me. Die Van-Go, die!!!!  Well, Claire is taking me to work later on today so it's all kewl. I was supposed to work at the Candy Circus but my aunt said that I didn't have to come in. Yay! So now I only gotta work at Day by Day Calendar today. Bleh! Well, me go.
0	The reason I don't do so much on this site is that nobody seems to give much of a damn (spelling?). I am having a hard time these days.  Adrienne and John don't speak.  I have John with me for spring break and I am not sure he and I really talk.  All in all I am considering whether I should opt for early retirement from this role as father and husband.  I would love some in put from my remaining children, but I suspect that I will have to make this decision on my own.  Well, don't say I did not give you early warning.    Hope you read this.  Your old man.
1	I bought myself a Christmas present today. (don’t laugh)  It’s a book. (No big surprise here  )   But I probably open it after my exams, or I want to read it instead of studying for my exams.   Anyway to everyone who reads this,   Merry Christmas and best wishes for the New Year!            
1	Well what can i say good things are happening 2 me! We got our new youth pastor who i think will do good things w/the group, i'm sooooooooo excited about just God and everything right now.......i guess you could say that i'm on a spirtual high that i hope doesn't go away, and i got asked out by a VERY VERY nice christian boy. One who has all the qualities in a boy that i like. I mean i don't know what else 2 say things are just looking very good.  &gt;&lt;&gt; Taylor &lt;&gt;&lt;  Your love is extravagant Your friendship, it is intimate I feel like moving to the rhythm of Your grace  Your fragrance is intoxicating in our secret place Your love is extravagant
0	sometimes i just can't explain all the ways you devastate me
1	This was a rather long entry, so I've attached it as a comment because I don't want to clog up a bunch of people's friends pages.  Many of you know about the events of last night, those who don't will probably find them amusing.  However, to put it very simply: I'm glad I have such great friends.  I love you guys.  You make my life so much better.  Thanks.
1	*watches and waits as the place fills up*  *gets dressed for the performance*  * steps out onstage and smirks as all eyes turn and stare *  *makes eye contact with  him  and smiles coyly before starting to move sensuously in time to the music*
1	Dean called and wants to hang out tomorrow before he goes to work! YAY for old friends who don't suck! WEE!
1	I got the job offer!!!  I meet with the Drs. tomorrow to discuss the rest of the project as well as pay and time commitments.  For now, I'm off to read and then to party.  :-)
1	   Fallen Angel&nbsp; By Jazzmin    &nbsp;         Tears   fall     from  the  Goddess’s  eyes.         Laughter  surrounds  her  from  those  she  despises .        Her  torn  soul  is  bleeding  from  the  daggers  of  spoken  words  and  hidden  truths .        The  mirror  of  her  life  is  shattered  with  unspeakable  lies .        The  Goddess  looks  at  the  pieces  and  can’t  stop  her  cries.         There’s  no  one  to  love  her,  no  one  to  care,         No  one  to  hug  her  because  no  one  is  there. &nbsp;           The   Goddess  raises  her  hand  to  brush  away  unstoppable  tears .        Her  mind  turns  away  all  the  darkened  fears .        The  Goddess’s  expression  quickly  turns  to  stone.          Her  compassion  is  gone  because  she’s  all  alone.    
1	Big news.  I am now applied to go to Humber College's Television Writing and Producing program for next year.   Another year of school.  But, not another year of residence, so if anyone needs a roommate and lives somewhere on the western bloor subway line... want a roommate?  Sketch show is on sunday. I need to memorize stuff...  New York in 10 days.  I am exhausted.  My roommate is sick and is triple the annoyingness.  OH! And Yuk's on Tuesday was probably the best show the post-grad have done. Everyone did an excellent job. I enjoyed my set. I told a brand new story about how on the way to the show, Jared and I saw a man plucking facial hair from his girlfriends upper lip.   Then I spritzed. I did alright with that, I guess.   "I'm allergic to bees.." "What would you do if I had one in my pocket?" "I'd squish it" "Well, not if it got to you first"  Now, I am in desperate need of sleep.  Good night.
1	Tony Blair  has just announced that there'll be a general election in Britain on May 5th. He was seen grinning, in public (not secretly) shortly before starting his speech outside Downing Street.
1	Firefox.  And it has a working pop-up blocker.  I think I'm going to cry from joy.        desdenova   , you were right.  I   should   have switched to OS X years ago.  It's just that it was so slooooowwww on that computer.
0	Some thoughts on life:  1) Attacking from a distance doesn't make you better. 2) If you're living in a glass house, don't go attacking from a distance. 3) Let sleeping dogs lie or else they just might show you how bad their bite can be. 4) People can forgive, but they can't forget.  5) Some people will never even forgive. 6) Making peace doesn't mean starting a war.  I stopped living indoors. I only throw punches, even if they're sometimes below the belt. I leave most sleeping things alone. I can forgive, I can even try to forget, and I've learned to move on. I don't carry my guilt around and this is the last time you will ever see my white flag raised.  If you wish to stab at me, then don't call me friend.
0	well it's 930 and i am alread good for a few tears.  its not that i have been forgotten... i was not, but the plans have changed and well i guess they forgot to call me about those. i know years is over rated but i love new years.. start the year off with a bang with friends.. not by yourself at home alone.. i've done that before and i hate being alone...
0	someone has hurt me. i don't think i could hold on if you were not here. if you, the one who i adore more than anyone else, can't be as strong as i know she is, then i know i can't either. i do realize that i don't go through what you go through babe but, u are so much greater than all this. show everyone that. that you can be and do anything that u want. i love you.
0	wowwwww. kk last nightt &lt;3 was AMAZING!!  i went out at 6ish with briana &lt;333 it was funnnn, we went out to dinner at 10ish to franks haha wow. gooooddd times. got home at 1130. and stuff happened blah blah whatever. i  dont  care =)  this morning i had worked it went horrible. i have bad days and amazing days. today didnt go well. my boss who is a couple years older than me yet im still taller than, was in the same room as us. which means no internet and aim. he was pressuring me to get work done. i didnt finish he got mad at me, i flipped out and started throwing paper all over the place. it was horrible. he was like alright thats it, go clean. yeayea go suck a fuck while your at it.....  now im in a bad mood. so me and kerry are going to the mall soon. =) i love her. alot.  therefore, that will make me happy again 
1	Wow, yesterday was awesome. It was really fun just being part of building a playground. You could tell everyone wanted to be there, which was really awesome. People kept just coming and coming. Every few minutes you could hear someone saying, "here's some more work! Let's get started." It was really cool. The only bad part was that only three people in our small group came but that was ok. When we were going to the playground, there were all these signs that said no left turn so we had to keep turning around. It was pretty fun. The whole time Mike kept yelling go left anyway, but of course Lori had good sense not to break the law so we made it there eventually. I got to hang out with katy and dani in my mulching group. Dani kept yelling at me because my stomping skills weren't up to par.   Ironically, today I got to mulch stuff again. I love mulching, it's fun. I'm such a dork, but hey, now I have more money. Yay. Well, I'm off to see the Wizard of Oz with Gina. G2g, later.
1	Work and class went ok today.  After class some of the girls and I went to Shorty's.  James met me there later.  Just sat around and talked with them for a bit.  Random coments made outside.  No more writer block!  He makes me smile...  You should write it down so you don't forget it...  Well I'm tired so I'm going to be heading to bed in a bit.  Goodnight!
1	fun fun day... me and sarah made Peanut Butter Balls! yummmmyyyyy! but sooo SWEEET!  tonight was amazing... :)  and its about to get better KIMBOS CHRISTMAS PARTY!   well gots to go! i love you guys!  Merry Christmas to you!  
1	I get to see my babies today.  I am very excited. ~Mandy
0	Where teh HELL did all the snow go?  It just up and walked away I tell ya.  It's just not right...
1	I'd just like to thank everyone for coming Saturday night. It was a blast!
1	First airs on April 12th at 5PM   http://www.vh1.com/artists/az/hanson/on vh1.jhtml  thought i would pass it along lol   -Kate
0	i think today was the worst day in the history of mankind.  the crowning glory was being smashed with a trunk, and then having almost no one seem to care that i was crying in the corner for our whole run.  if bush wins this elextion, i am going to do grevious injury to something.
1	well, looks like I'm spontaneously going to myrtle beach with HOUSE.  should be fun.  Later.
1	Ok, so I'm leaning towards Dave and Buster's for my birthday party, but I'm more thinkning of the night of the 23rd. Now, I kinda also want to go to Evilville (cuz no more Spooky World) which starts at dusk till 11 and it's $10 (plus somewhere in Mass. {where is Carver?}). So I'm thinking maybe do a lunch thing at Dave and Buster's and then go to Evilville, but obviously I need to know who's interested so I can figure out how we can get there (cuz Derek doesn't have a car). If this doesn't seem to be what anyone wants to do (or if the think they'll end up blowing all their money at dave and buster's) then We'll just stick with one or the other. Ok I think I put enough parentheses in this post (:P).  **Edit** Mike isn't available the 23rd cuz of Rockython. And Carver is an HOUR away :'( . So it might be the 22nd and just Dave and Buster's. I still need other people's availablity though.
0	Well...the results came back...    I failed.  So, I get to be stuck working my crap 'real' job since I am not good enough to be a taxidermist in PA.  My mammals and fish passed, my birds didn't and the Game Comm. won't give me a restricted lisence for Mammals and Fish.  So basically, I am screwed until april, so, whatever.
0	hi again...  Well my day was...eh okay I had a tennis tourny all day...(no school! :) but it was rainy in the morning so it was delayed about 5 hours so i waited...and waited...and wait...and finally got to play!! but i lost...i played like shit! o well...everyone has bad days but it seems like i have been having a bad month i got home i went to sleep i was tired for some reason...i woke up at about 10 a.m. because the toury was delayed so that was nice but it was COLD outside i felt like not playing i didnt have fun UGH i need to get out of this mood!! but daph was cool and jenni they cheered me up thanks you two!! well i am about to go eat some pizza  so i will write in this later! adios mi amigos! kEv(moran)
1	I-CON IS COMMING, and no im not dead, so eat that my enemies...yes I still wrestle...and thats all really           What Yu Yu Hakusho Character Are You?    Hosted by theOtaku.com:   Anime  . Done right.  
0	aaaaah street ride. im so restless, i think the only way to deal with this is with nacho's and a good movie on the couch. *come lie on me chris...*  ok couch, im coming...  i'm alone. =(
0	Sometimes I really, really hate myself.  Not so much for what my own stupidity does to me, but because I let other people down and make them upset.
1	My iPod arrived yesterday and it's amazing. I mean, other than the cassestte tape walkman I had when I was seven, the occasional using of my Dad's skippy CD player for school trips and the borrrowing of a friend's left earphone from time to time, I haven't had proper portable music. So when I was walking to school this morning listening to Brand New in crisp MP3 quality with no skipping through two earphones, it was like having a culture shock. Everybody who saw it seemed to like it too just looking at it, giving me an odd feeling of metrosexuality and uninteded boastfulness. To summarize: the iPod is severely lovely.  I just remembered I have school stuff to do for tommorow.
1	 YAYYYYY!    Moonsis  bought me 3 books (author: jostein gaarder!) and a simpsons video from my  amazon-wishlist . :o))))))))))))  thank you sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooo..... much!!! :)
1	I'm still geeking out over Forsaken character creation night.  It was friggin awesome!  Pretty much EVERYONE showed up. Those who didn't had work or were away.  It was a blast.  I had everyone draw names from a hat to hook their backgrounds together.  We got together in packs to work out histories.  Next thing you know, I look at the clock and it's already time to pack up!  So many awesome backgrounds were discussed...  If I were a puppy, I would have left a wet spot on the floor.
0	Well, it's looking extremely bad for Kerry. Therefore extremely bad for this country, and the world in general. I'd been contemplating (like lots of other people I know) "if Bush wins, which other country could I move to?"     But frankly, the tenticles of Bush's foreign policy are long, and the tenticles of his environmental policy cover the planet. The entire planet is fucking doomed because most of the people in my country are fucking morons. And the morons are breeding faster than the smart people, so the problem is only going to get worse.     I voted, all my friends and family voted. One acquaintance who had the audacity to not vote for Kerry at least had the good sense to live in a state which went for Kerry. Alas, I live in a state (VA) which went for Bush, as does most of my family (WV).
0	ok so i have been depressed the past month, and i still am. i have tryed drinking my depression away and has not help. so i tryed to take a different approch and i started hanging out with my friends and room-mates more now then before, which has helped a little but anytime i get to thinking about the past i just get depressed again. i hope to be back to my happy normal self soon, if not then i dont know...im out of here
0	Maybe I will try for that job at the dealership. I figure they make pretty good money. I would be dealing with stuff I really like. I could even get into my work. I would willingly work quadrouple overtime!
1	Miller has started, and I'm waaaaaay in the back of the line. this equals: Jane doesn't need to act perky and happy aruond all the wait staff!!!!! YES!! I'll stick to my line that Lia said about cooks:    "All cooks are psycho. It just depends on how violent they are."   Aright, off to work, then barn, then work, then barn, then school on monday (sheisse)
1	OH MY GOOOOOOD! YAAAAAAAAY!  I just went and saw Robots, but that is hardly the exciting part. Not ONLY did I see the trailer for Episode III, Revenge of the Sith, but I ALSO saw the TEASER FOR CHARLIE AND THE CHOCOLATE FACTORY! AAAAAAHHH!!!!  I am SO excited! Johnny looks really creepy, like he has fake teeth or something, and he was speaking in ryhmes, like "Chewing gum is really gross; chewing gum I hate the most", and also there was this kind of odd Willy Wonka theme song but I think it will be FANTASTIC!!   Except they didn't show how they are creating the Oopma Loompas, and if they suck then the whole thing just kind of goes downhill from there.  Anyway, I'm off to do some pajamma-jammin' on my ipod.   
1	It´s raining again. And I don´t mind it one bit! I´ve missed the rain so.. :)  Monday at work is almost over and done with and I´ll be heading for the store on my bike soon enough. Need to pick up some chicken, some bread, some milk.. I´m going to make stew tonight. Yummy yummy! :)  Tonight I also continue my quest to watch all episodes of the  Gilmore Girls . Simply because they rule.
0	I'm beginning to think that this love stuff is over-rated.  Herb and I had a gigantic argument slightly before I had to go to Morton College for 4 hours of rehearsal.  I haven't cried yet, although I am terribly angry and a bit numb.  The engagement is off.  Is it wrong for me to demand that he be financially free from his ex-wife or not waste my time?  What in the world am I going to do about "Miss Saigon" in two weeks?  What a mess.  Anyway, I desperately need any free alumni to march with the Club in the Homecoming Parade this week-end - Saturday at 10:00 a.m.  We are meeting in the teacher's parking lot at 8:30 a.m. to decorate my truck.  We have a song to sing when the parade stops every once in a while!!!  It is king of fun.  I can't find my "We will, we will rock you" CD.  Does anyone know where I put it?  Bedtime now - I must go to school tomorrow and pretend that my heart isn't broken.  Oh, well - that seems to be the story of my life.
0	oh my god my parents are driving me MAD!!!!  even tho my dad is in gosport he still is! dad said i couldnt go over friday nite in case I gave my lil sis a cold and we had argument, now mum and james driving me mad, maybe ill move out.
0	I feel like a complete airhead!  I had the sign up date wrong for Sprout's Toddler Class.  So, I have to wait 4 more weeks...
1	So my teenage years are officially over. I do feel like I've gotten older. Yet at the same time I feel like not much has changed at all. My favorite color is still green. I still get pumped when I play drums. And every now and then I still find myself running late to class. The only difference now I suppose is the understanding that comes with age. I realize now I like green because I love being outdoors and respect nature. Drumming and music is how I express myself. And I'm late because life is too short to race through it. Sometimes you just need to stop and take the time to enjoy what is around you.....   Am I going to let Bush's 2nd inauguration ruin my birthday?          Of course not ;-)  
0	I'm not even Catholic, and I'm sniffling over the poor Pope. I'm sorry for calling him 'Trachepope' in the last few weeks...even if it  was  always said with an air of respect, as in, "TRACHEPOPE RULES!"  I should convert. Catholicism is the only religion that moves me like this. I want to be amongst the best of saints and the best of sinners. Also, if I ever got to set foot in the Vatican library, I would probably have a spontaneous orgasm.
0	sulking. left to wonder what i did to deserve this. was i hitler in a past life? why does it seem like all of these bad things keep happening to me? times are tough, medication isn't tough enough. so sad and confused, is it worth losing it all? not to him. i had nothing on the line, except my feelings and my heart. nothing left of those. life must go on, or should it? i could always stop everything and go away. i think i might need a vacation from drama. but will it ever leave or will i have to deal with this kind of bull shit for the rest of my life. same old story: girl and boy are friends, boy and girl meet up at a hotel, boy fucks girl, boy makes promises to girl to fix everything, boy moves in with best friend, boy hides from girl and breaks all promises, girl is hurt, boy does nothing, girl feels like boy is laughing at her and cries. fuck all that bull shit. i'm done.
1	I just bought tickets to go see Mark in Balitmore. I am so excited! I know I am going piss off my mom and dad. But who cares, I get to go see my baby! WOOHOO!!! I am taking my cousin with me, cause we are going to see her dad in D.C. while we are there. But then she is leaving early and I am going to spend New Years Eve and Day with Mark. I can't wait.
0	Parents have found my: Pipe, Bowl, and Bong :).  And guess what they found yesterday!?!?  ME SMOKING!!!!!  I've never seen my dad more pissed off other than the time he threw a chair at me.  I feel like absolute shit and pretty much wish I was in a coma so I could wake up and all this shit would be gone.  I can't go out, I can't use the car, I can't get money... I have no reason to be here.  Please, please kill me, thanks.
0	...this variable depends on the person it applies to. It is called... The F-value, or failure factor. It describes how often something goes wrong in one's life. And it just so fucking happens my F-factor is 1.  Sucks to be me  And my hair is blond/grey/bluish XP  I'm so not gonna post a picture of that.
1	   Its been hot lately...hard running for track man! Its offical Kate sent in the money for running camp. I cant wait Kate and Carrie we are going to have a ton of fun and laughs. You are the best &lt;3 ya! In France next year Carrie we have to go running together so we dont get hit by a moped  Shannon and Carrie so glad Kate got you into this!  Its almost summer time. Junior year is going suck soo enjoy the summer and live life to its fullest!  lol haha  THIS SUMMER NO REGRETS!!  
1	            To observe the smoothness, soft roundness of perfect curves, is like watching the perfection of God.                          
1	read this and youll think its love lEEEE  Bedelia574: real EEE? FlutePower87: Seriousl EEE Bedelia574: really? with what? poor h EEEE Bedelia574: o man i did that one creativel EEE FlutePower87: HAHA! Bedelia574: dont ruin it kat EEEE Bedelia574: say he h EEEE FlutePower87: I am sorr EEE Bedelia574: its ok EEE dok EEE FlutePower87: EEEEEE
1	I've got some time off right now, so I decided I might as well take advantage of it and do some traveling. I've never been to Scandinavia, so I'm headed there, starting in Helsinki. I enjoy cold weather (part of why I live in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, when I don't need to be elsewhere) and I like eating fish, so it should be fun. I also have a friend in Helsinki, and I'm looking forward to spending some time with her. I'll probably make all my arrangements online tomorrow morning. Another thing to love about the internet. I'll try to find time to keep you all updated ;)
1	Elyse said I "look good" with my glasses. I don't get it. I always thought I looked terrible with glasses, but now that I wear contacts most of the time, whenever I DO wear glasses, people always say, "Aw, those glasses are cute on you!"        http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/7399375/     Gay marriage is already banned under Kansas law, and the law is not being challenged. But supporters of the ballot measure said the ban must be in the Kansas Constitution to insulate it from legal challenge.   Say what? Just because a law is in the Constitution doesn't mean it can't be challenged. Unless I'm severely mistaken, judicial review allows the Supreme Court to review the constitutionality of any bill passed by Congress. Doesn't it also allow the Supreme Court to review existing amendments to the Constitution, should any type of legal challenge arise?
0	How could you JJ? How could you?  No television show has ever made me cry before, and I have done so on every single sad episode of  Lost  so far. This one, though, takes the cake. My chest still feels tight.  I don't want to spoil anything, but Jesus... that was so hard, and I'll miss him so much.  *cries*
1	My little brother finally got his license and I no longer have to drive his sorry ass anywhere! I no longer have to come home during the week either!! WHOO HOO!!! This rocks beyond all reason! I'm free!!! HAHAHAHA! Free!!!! This rules beyond words! Now I just have to get some food to store at Fiji and it's party on!  Now what to do tonight? Go to javin's? Call Andy? Who knows! and it doesnt matter because I dont have to wake up tommorow! HAHAHAHAH!!! THIS RULES!!! SEE YA!!!
1	my pissy came home friday.  i wasnt expecting her so when i opened my eyes from a deep sleep and found her an inch away from my face it was a shock.  i had to work a majority of the weekend, but it was good to have her around.  we got burritos and saw a movie and hung out.  good times.  stephen is beyond great to me.  he stayed up late again last night to talk to me because i couldnt sleep.  how i got so lucky to meet such a sweet, considerate man, ill never know.  he is loved - every stinky bit of him.  sarah and megan will be here soon.  i could not be more excited.    PLUS - i lost those 3 pounds id thought id gained.  so thats a relief.  last, and best, of all:  i got out of bed of my own accord this morning.  i woke up feeling happy, caught myself smiling, and thought, "finally!"
1	       nobody needs to comment on the irony of the fetus girl having a fetus of her own...believe me, everybody's all giggley about it. but i do think i might need to put a new sticker on feto packages:  WARNING: close proximity to fetos may thwart all birth control attempts.    love, rachel
1	bigcheese1188: who um is this lipstickadiction: annaliese silly bigcheese1188: o bigcheese1188: i shoulda known  bigcheese1188: you always have crazy ass screen names lipstickadiction: thanks. but what about yours? lipstickadiction: bigcheese? lipstickadiction: what is that bigcheese1188: ok bigcheese1188: long story bigcheese1188: like... bigcheese1188: ok i own all the little kids in my neighborhood and they have to call me the big cheese or else they get backhanded cuase they are my bitches and also i like Green bay packers and they are the cheese heads so yeah bigcheese1188: and 1188 is my B-day lipstickadiction: hahahahah   im in such a good mood today i got new white converse, a new binder and such, and 49 cent soda at winco. crazy huh? i did'nt know they sold soda that cheep.
1	OMG! (G=gosh) four day's till I move into my new house!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait! I'm getting exited every day! Please, comment!
